<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1650648_0000950170-23-008142.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19677610</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>615693</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6834068</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6618739</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2153390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3141144</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-008142.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315161358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-008142
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001650648
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				473506994
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39782
		FILM NUMBER:		23735334

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5858 HORTON STREET #455
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5105052680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5858 HORTON STREET #455
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	4D Molecular Therapeutics Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200506

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	4D Molecular Therapeutics Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150811

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-008142.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 fdmt-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30 , 2022 was . 
 The number of shares of registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 8, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 42 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 107 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 107 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 107 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 107 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 108 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 109 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 110 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 121 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 122 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 122 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 122 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 123 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 123 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 124 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 124 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 124 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 124 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 124 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 125 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 127 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements concerning our business, operations and financial performance and condition, as well as our plans, objectives and expectations for our business operations and financial performance and condition. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, contemplate, continue, could, due, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, predict, potential, positioned, seek, should, target, will, would and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the success, cost and timing of our development activities, preclinical studies and clinical trials, including our clinical trials for 4D-150, 4D-710, 4D-310, 4D-125 and 4D-110; 

the timing of Investigational New Drug Application IND enabling studies and results from such studies; 

the timing and success of lead optimization for our product candidates in lead optimization; 

the translation of our preclinical results and data into future clinical trials in humans; 

the timing of any manufacturing runs for materials to be used in patient trials; 

the number, size and design of our planned clinical trials, and what regulatory authorities may require to obtain marketing approval; 

the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our preclinical and clinical programs and business; 

the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations and/or warnings in the label of any approved product candidate; 

our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to develop and commercialize our product candidates; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved; 

the success of competing products or platform technologies that are or may become available; 

our plans and ability to establish sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates for which we obtain approval; 

future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of our product candidates; 

the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, if approved for commercial use, and our ability to serve those markets; 

existing regulations and regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 

the expected potential benefits of strategic collaboration agreements, including our relationships with uniQure and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation CFF ), and our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 

the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology; 

potential claims relating to our intellectual property and third-party intellectual property; 

ii 

our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 

the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; 

our ability to attract and retain key managerial, scientific and medical personnel; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our financial performance; and 

our expectations regarding the period during which we qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate and management s beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. As a result, any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may turn out to be inaccurate. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Potential investors are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should, however, review the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 iii 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Overv iew 
 We are a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company harnessing the power of directed evolution for targeted genetic medicines. We seek to unlock the full potential of genetic medicines using our platform, Therapeutic Vector Evolution, which combines the power of directed evolution with our approximately one billion synthetic AAV capsid-derived sequences to invent evolved vectors for use in our products. We believe key features of our targeted and evolved vectors will help us to potentially create targeted genetic medicine product candidates with improved therapeutic profiles. These profiles will allow us to treat a broad range of large market diseases, unlike most current genetic medicines that generally focus on rare or small market diseases. 
 We have built a deep portfolio of genetic medicine product candidates, with five product candidates in clinical trials: 4D-150 for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration wet AMD and diabetic macular edema DME ), 4D-710 for the treatment of cystic fibrosis lung disease (both in modulator ineligible and eligible populations), 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease cardiomyopathy, 4D-125 for the treatment of X-linked retinitis pigmentosa XLRP ), and 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia. In addition, we have two product candidates in preclinical development: 4D-175 for geographic atrophy GA and 4D-725 for alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency lung disease. 
 To-date, we have demonstrated clinical proof-of-concept for three proprietary and evolved vectors in three therapeutic areas, each with a different route of administration, with five products and patient populations. We believe this validates the power of our directed evolution platform for inventing superior and customized vectors compared to wildtype conventional viral vectors. 
 We have built a robust and efficient product design and development engine with 6 open Investigational New Drug Applications (INDs) in the U.S., 1 IND in Taiwan, and 1 Clinical Trial Approval (CTA) in Australia. We believe we are positioned to invent, develop, manufacture and, if approved, effectively commercialize targeted genetic medicines with the potential to transform the lives of patients suffering from debilitating diseases. Our business, research, development and manufacturing organizations and capabilities are fully integrated on the same campus in Emeryville, California. 
 
 1 

Our Product Candidate Pipeline 
 We are developing a diverse pipeline of product candidates for both large market and rare diseases, including patient populations that other genetic medicines are unable to address. Our initial product candidates are focused on the following therapeutic areas: ophthalmology, pulmonology and cardiology. Each of our product candidates leverages a targeted and evolved vector we invented through our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform. Our strategy has been to build a diversified product pipeline to maximize our probability of technical success, while leveraging the modularity of our vectors to create therapeutic area product portfolios efficiently from a single vector. Below is a summary of our wholly-owned product candidate pipeline: 

Ophthalmology Therapeutic Area: Intravitreal Product Candidates 
 Our ophthalmology products treat diseases that affect the retina. Our retina product candidates, 4D-150, 4D-175, 4D-125, and 4D-110 utilize our targeted and evolved AAV vector, R100, which was invented for routine intravitreal injection to express transgene payloads across the entire surface area of the retina and in the major cell layers of the retina. Product candidates for large market ophthalmology indications such as wet AMD, diabetic macular edema, and geographic atrophy have the potential to be major value drivers for 4DMT. 
 Pulmonology Therapeutic Area: Aerosol Delivery Product Candidates 
 Our pulmonology products treat diseases that affect the lung airway cells. Our pulmonology product candidates, 4D-710 and 4D-725, utilize our customized and evolved vector, A101, which was invented for aerosol delivery to all major regions within the lung, including airways and alveoli, and penetration of the mucus barrier for transduction of lung airway cells, overcoming potential barriers such as pre-existing AAV antibodies and other inhibitory proteins within the mucus barrier. A101 was invented to enable efficient airway and alveolar cell transduction and transgene expression. 
 Cardiology Therapeutic Area: Intravenous Product Candidates 
 Our cardiology products treat diseases that affect heart muscle cells (i.e., cardiomyocytes). Our cardiology product candidate, 4D-310, utilizes our customized and evolved AAV vector, C102, which was invented for routine low dose intravenous administration and delivery to the heart, leading to transgene expression in heart muscle cells throughout the organ. For diseases involving the heart and other organs, including Fabry disease, our product candidates have the potential to be designed for transgene expression both within the heart and in other targeted tissues. 
 2 

The 4DMT Therapeutic Vector Evolution Platform: One Billion Synthetic Capsid Sequences for Targeted Genetic Medicines 
 Genetic medicines hold tremendous promise as a transformative therapeutic class. However, the majority of genetic medicines have encountered limitations such as inflammation and toxicity, high dose requirements, limited efficacy, and neutralization by pre-existing antibodies, due in part to their utilization of conventional AAV vectors that are naturally occurring and non-targeted. Through our Therapeutic Vector Evolution Platform, we apply the principles of directed evolution to invent targeted and evolved vectors for the delivery of genes to specific tissue types to treat diseases involving those same target tissue(s). Our product candidates are designed and engineered to utilize our targeted and evolved vectors to potentially address the limitations encountered with genetic medicines utilizing conventional AAV vectors. 
 The first step of directed evolution involves the generation of a massively diverse library of biological variants. Leveraging a wide range of molecular biology techniques, we have developed a collection of highly diverse and distinct libraries that are comprised of approximately one billion synthetic capsid sequences. We next define a Target Vector Profile that identifies the optimal vector features for the specific tissue type(s) and related set of diseases we seek to target, with the goal of overcoming limitations encountered by conventional AAVs. We then deploy Therapeutic Vector Evolution with our capsid libraries in non-human primates NHPs and use competitive selection to identify targeted and evolved vectors from our libraries that demonstrate the strongest match to the Target Vector Profile. Subsequently, we characterize and evaluate a lead targeted and evolved vector for delivery and transgene expression through extensive studies in NHPs and human cell and organotypic tissue assays. 
 We believe our proprietary vectors will allow us to overcome known limitations of conventional AAV vectors, and to potentially address a broad range of diseases that affect both large and rare patient populations that cannot be addressed with conventional vectors. 
 Our proprietary Therapeutic Vector Evolution Platform is based on the principles of directed evolution. Directed evolution is a high-throughput platform approach that harnesses the power of evolution in order to create biologics with new and desirable characteristics. 
 3 

The first step in directed evolution is to generate massive genetic diversity. Starting with the genomes of multiple proprietary AAV variant capsids, naturally occurring AAV variant capsids, and their ancestral predecessors, we employ numerous diverse molecular biology techniques to create our proprietary libraries comprising approximately one billion synthetic AAV capsid sequences. These synthetic capsid gene sequences are then used to manufacture a massive library of protein capsids, each of which contains its own genetic sequence. This barcoding allows us to track and quantify the biodistribution of vectors in primates over multiple rounds of selection. 

Starting with our distinct libraries comprising approximately one billion synthetic capsid sequences, we conduct Therapeutic Vector Evolution, including competitive selection in primates, to identify customized and evolved vectors that fit our desired Target Vector Profile for any disease or set of diseases we want to treat. The illustration below highlights the Target Vector Profile design and subsequent selection process whereby competitive pressure is applied over a varying number of selection rounds for each program. Capsids with the best fitness for the Target Vector Profile are enriched within each round and are designated lead vectors. 
 4 

Since the company s founding in 2013, we have developed and industrialized our Therapeutic Vector Evolution Platform to invent customized and evolved vectors for use in human therapeutic products. In addition, we have developed significant experience in performing Therapeutic Vector Evolution programs in NHPs, with over 15 capsid selections completed to date. We have patent applications and issued patents covering hundreds of proprietary, unique AAV capsid vectors. We believe these proprietary customized vectors will give us significant competitive advantages to develop product candidates for a broad range of large market and rare disease patient populations, including those other genetic medicines cannot address. 
 Diverse Sub-Libraries of Synthetic Capsid Sequences 
 Each sub-library results from the application of a different genetic diversification methodology, such as variable loop mutagenesis, random peptide insertion, random point mutagenesis, DNA shuffling, and ancestral reconstruction, and is also defined by its starting material (AAV capsid gene sequences). We also apply bioinformatics, emerging technologies, experience and know-how resulting from previous discovery programs to continually improve and expand our libraries and improve our ability to invent customized and evolved vectors. 
 We believe the size and diversity of our proprietary synthetic capsid libraries represent a differentiating competitive advantage for us in the field of genetic medicines. 
 
 5 

The Target Vector Profile Followed by Competitive Vector Selection 
 We employ a rigorous approach to inventing customized and evolved vectors based on what we consider an optimal vector and product profile, which we term the Target Vector Profile, for any disease or set of diseases affecting the same tissue(s). The Target Vector Profile includes any combination of the following: the target cell(s), the desired distribution of vector transduction within the target organ(s), the optimal route of administration for targeting the specific tissue(s), the optimal dose range, overall biodistribution, and resistance to human pooled antibodies. 
 We use our Therapeutic Vector Evolution Platform to select the fittest customized and evolved capsid that best matches our Target Vector Profile. We achieve this through serial rounds of selection, or discovery, in vivo in primates with each round of selection funneling down to fewer and fewer remaining synthetic capsids from the original library. This funneling process is achieved by applying selective pressures forcing competition among all synthetic capsid variants in the library to achieve delivery to the target cells as defined in the Target Vector Profile. Each round is performed in a primate in vivo , sometimes in the presence of human antibodies. 
 We believe this deliberate approach to selection in vivo in primates and in human tissues should lead to identification of customized and evolved vectors with a higher likelihood of therapeutic benefit in humans. 
 Vector Invention Results to Date 
 We have completed unique vector selection programs or selection processes for specific proprietary synthetic capsids with specific Target Vector Profiles. Across our clinical development and discovery portfolio, we have utilized four different routes of administration: intravitreal, aerosol, intravenous, and intrathecal. We have completed discovery programs targeting a diverse array of tissue types including various retinal cell types, heart and skeletal muscle tissues, different lung cell types, liver, brain, dorsal root ganglia, and synovial joints, resulting in hundreds of unique and proprietary customized and evolved vectors. 
 Characterization of Novel Vector Variant Hits and Leads 
 Vector hits are typically characterized by three major criteria: manufacturability, human cell and human organotypic model transduction, and delivery to tissues in NHPs by the designated route of administration. Vector hits may also be evaluated for transduction in the presence of pooled human antibodies. In order to perform characterization studies, vectors are armed with marker transgene payloads such as enhanced green fluorescent protein EGFP ). A lead vector is selected after evaluation of these hits. 
 Promoter and Transgene Design and Discovery Platforms 
 To complement our Therapeutic Vector Evolution Platform and modular development approach, we are generating next-generation optimized promoter elements and transgenes using a combination of directed evolution and proprietary algorithms. 
 Currently available promoters may lack sufficient strength of expression and/or selectivity for use in our AAV genetic medicines. In addition, for some AAV genetic medicine products, a smaller promoter region may be essential for the gene payload to fit in the AAV. Therefore, we believe there is a need for better promoters for many AAV products to enable or enhance their therapeutic benefit. We generate Target Promoter Profiles for any given product and disease target. This promoter profile includes target cell specificity and strength in order to maximize tolerability and/or biologic activity, as well as to account for any necessary size constraints. Our libraries of novel and diverse synthetic promoters have been engineered and currently comprise approximately ten million unique sequences. Our discovery platform identifies the best promoters within the libraries for a specific Target Promoter Profile. 
 6 

In addition to our synthetic promoters, we are developing next-generation optimized transgenes. Our discovery platform uses a high-throughput approach, harnessing both directed evolution and rational design algorithms, to identify novel transgenes that express therapeutic proteins. For example, we have developed transgenes to express RNAi in target cells of interest for treatment of disease. These transgene-expressed RNAi molecules, or ddRNAi, are anchored by a microRNA backbone that not only enhances stability and limits off-target effects, but also has the potential to facilitate high expression within target cells and efficacy. Our technology allows us to knock down disease-causing transcripts, thus enabling a high degree of selectivity with the goal of long-term expression via an AAV-based genetic medicine (e.g., VEGF-C RNAi as expressed in 4D-150). Our Product Candidate Pipeline 

Ophthalmology Therapeutic Area 
 Introduction 
 We are developing product candidates to treat severe ophthalmologic diseases. Our customized and evolved vector, R100, is used in all three of our clinical stage and one preclinical stage ophthalmology product candidates. R100 was invented for routine intravitreal injection to express transgene payloads across the entire surface area of the retina, and in the major cell layers of the retina. We believe leveraging the ability to use the same novel vector in multiple product candidates will increase product development efficiencies, decrease development risks and inform the clinical development of subsequent product candidates using the same vector. 
 Large Market Ophthalmology Portfolio 
 
 4D-150 for Wet AMD and Diabetic Macular Edema 
 Disease Background, Unmet Medical Need, and Target Patient Population 
 Wet AMD is a highly prevalent disease with an estimated incidence rate of 200,000 new patients per year in the United States, according to published data. Wet AMD is a type of macular degeneration where abnormal blood vessels (choroidal neovascularization or CNV) grow into the macula, the central area of the retina. As a consequence, CNV causes swelling and edema of the retina, bleeding and scarring, which can result in visual distortion and reduced acuity. The proliferation and leakage of abnormal blood vessels 
 7 

is stimulated by VEGF. This process distorts and can potentially destroy central vision and may progress to blindness without treatment. 
 Diabetes mellitus affects approximately 400 million adults worldwide and the prevalence is expected to increase by approximately 45 in the next decade. Diabetic eye disease is a leading cause of vision loss and blindness in working-age adults and occurs due to the development of diabetic macular edema DME swelling and edema in the central retina). DME is a highly prevalent disease with significant unmet medical need. It is estimated that there are approximately one million individuals with DME in the United States according to published data. DME is characterized by swelling in the macula due to leakage from blood vessels. This can lead to blurred vision. 
 The current treatment paradigm for wet AMD and DME is intravitreal injection of patients with anti-VEGF proteins that inhibit blood vessel leakage and proliferation of new blood vessels, reducing edema and bleeding risk, and allowing in many instances some visual acuity to be recovered. Most anti-VEGF therapies require repeated and burdensome intravitreal injections in the office every few weeks to every few months to obtain full efficacy. When patients miss doses, they may experience vision decline due to undertreatment. Based on current clinical experience, after several years of treatment, the early vision gains are frequently lost, and visual acuity declines may result at least in part from poor patient compliance and undertreatment. 
 We believe these major retinal diseases are ideal candidate applications for genetic medicines. There are multiple products on the market that validate the anti-VEGF therapeutic approach, and emerging randomized clinical trial data suggest that inhibiting additional molecular targets can extend the efficacy and durability of anti-VEGF alone. Delivering intravitreal therapies to the eye is routine, and there is an advantage for a single dose genetic medicine that can provide long-term efficacy in patients for whom compliance, or treatment resistance, is a problem. 
 Our Solution 
 4D-150 is a dual-transgene, intravitreal genetic medicine, designed to inhibit four distinct angiogenic factors to prevent angiogenesis and reduce vascular permeability, for the treatment of angiogenic diseases of the retina. These angiogenic diseases of the retina, including wet AMD and DME, represent therapeutic markets of over 12.3 billion in annual global sales. 
 4D-150is engineered for efficient intravitreal delivery to the retina of a payload expressing two transgenes. Sustained expression of 4D-150 transgenes in the retina has the potential to reduce the treatment burden of repeated visits for anti-VEGF injections required to maintain optimal visual outcomes. 4D-150 may also lead to better long term visual outcomes than therapies that target fewer angiogenic factors and reduce undertreatment resulting from the challenges of complying with a regimen of frequent visits to receive injections. Intravitreal delivery of biologics to the eye is routine, and a single dose intravitreal genetic medicine that could provide long-term efficacy in patients would be an advantage for patients who struggle with compliance and treatment burden. 
 Competition and Differentiation: AAV Genetic Medicines for wet AMD and DME 
 AAV genetic medicine approaches are being developed by several companies to treat wet AMD by delivering a functional copy of an anti-angiogenic transgene by either subretinal surgical delivery or suprachoroidal injection with a conventional AAV vector, or intravitreal administration with a mouse-evolved vector. It remains to be demonstrated whether conventional AAVs or mouse-evolved vectors can deliver significant retinal coverage while limiting toxicities. In comparison, our customized and evolved vectors are invented and tested in primates whose eyes more closely resemble the anatomy of the human eye than do mouse eyes. We believe that our R100 vector-based products provide comprehensive retinal coverage through less invasive and more commonly used intravitreal injections, while delivering an improved tolerability profile with limited inflammation. To our knowledge, 4D-150 is the only clinical stage AAV genetic medicine in wet AMD and DME to utilize an intravitreal vector (such as R100) discovered through directed evolution in primates. In addition, in vitro studies of R100 versus AAV2 have shown superior transduction 
 8 

by R100 in human retinal cells. We have not compared R100 to AAV2 in patients in clinical studies. R100 has been associated with a low inflammation profile and lack of adverse findings in 91 NHP eyes injected in Good Laboratory Practice GLP toxicology studies, and in the clinic our R100-based products have been generally well-tolerated. 
 In addition, to our knowledge, 4D-150 is the first genetic medicine product candidate for the eye designed to directly inhibit four different angiogenic growth factor targets, VEGF A, B, and C plus PlGF. We therefore believe there is significant differentiation between our genetic medicine product candidate and other AAV gene therapeutics in development in this therapeutic area. 
 We believe 4D-150 has the potential to be differentiated from approved agents, and those in clinical development, to our knowledge, on the basis of five features: 
 1. Targeting Four Angiogenic Growth Factors : An intravitreal dose of 4D-150 should result in more complete and sustained anti-angiogenic effects through inhibition of four different angiogenic growth factors compared to up to three for approved and development-stage products. 

2. One-time therapy : Unlike intravitreal protein therapeutics that require repeat dosing every few weeks for a patient s lifetime, 4D-150 is designed as a one-time treatment . 

3. Novel vector evolved in primates for efficient intravitreal delivery in humans : Unlike conventional AAV vectors such as AAV2 or the mouse-evolved AAV vector 7m8, R100 was specifically selected in primates from our collection of approximately one billion synthetic capsid sequences for use in humans. 

4. Low inflammation profile design : Following intravitreal injection, R100 has shown a low inflammation profile and no significant adverse findings in three GLP toxicology studies, involving 91 NHP eyes, with two different 4DMT products utilizing the R100 vector (4D-110 and 4D-125). In addition, the R100 vector-based product candidate 4D-125 was administered to patients at doses up to 1E12 vg/eye without dose-limiting toxicities observed to date. Initial clinical data in Cohort 1 of the Phase 1/2 PRISM study for 4D-150 also showed no dose-limiting toxicities and no significant inflammation. 

5. Commercial opportunity : Intravitreal injections are widely performed by ophthalmologists and used to treat a number of ophthalmological indications. As a result, we believe 4D-150 has the potential for rapid market uptake, if approved. Additionally, the low inflammation profile we have observed in our R100-based GLP toxicology studies and our interim initial clinical data with 4D-150, if confirmed over time in the clinic with 4D-150, may promote broad product adoption, if approved. 

9 

Preclinical Animal Model Pharmacology and Toxicology Studies 
 We carried out a proof-of-concept efficacy study in primates with 4D-150. In this study using the retinal laser-induced CNV model, we treated animals with intravitreal 4D-150 at doses of 1E11, 3E11 and 1E12 vg per eye. Animals received steroid treatment for 28 days following IVT administration of 4D-150 and remained off steroids for the remainder of the study. No adverse findings were reported. We demonstrated 100 suppression of CNV lesions 4-weeks after laser administration, the primary endpoint of the study, including at the lowest dose tested of 1E11 vg/eye. No uveitis or retinal abnormalities were reported at this 1E11 vg/eye dose level. 
 
 In an acute biodistribution study of 4D-150 in primates, a single intravitreal injection resulted in both high levels of ocular aflibercept expression and VEGF-C miRNA expression within the retina at 4 weeks, with no evidence of uveitis or retinal abnormalities observed. 
 Clinical Development: Phase 1/2 PRISM Clinical Trial for Wet AMD 
 4D-150 is currently being evaluated in a first-in-human, on-going Phase 1/2 PRISM dose-escalation and randomized, controlled, masked expansion trial and is expected to enroll approximately 65 adults with wet AMD. We have completed enrolling patients in the dose-escalation phase (n=15). During this phase we are evaluating multiple dose levels of 4D-150 in an open-label design with initial doses of 3E10 (n=5), 1E10 (n=5) and 6E9 (n=5) vg/eye. In the on-going dose expansion phase, patients are being randomized 2:2:1 to receive one of 2 dose levels of 4D-150 (n=20 for each dose level) or aflibercept (n=10) (n=50 total patients). We have selected 3E10 and 1E10 vg/eye for our expansion dose levels. Sites and patients are masked to dose of 4D-150 but not to 4D-150 vs Aflibercept. The primary endpoints of the study are safety and tolerability. Secondary endpoints include the number of supplemental aflibercept injections received and change from baseline in best corrected visual acuity BCVA over time. 
 10 

In January 2022, we announced we had dosed our first patient in the PRISM study. In November 2022, we announced interim clinical data from Cohort 1 (n=5, 3E10 vg/eye) with a data cutoff date of October 13, 2022 (providing 3-10 months of follow-up for patients in Cohort 1). 4D-150 was reported to be safe and well tolerated, with no serious adverse events or dose-limiting toxicities. In addition, no clinically significant intraocular inflammation, no endophthalmitis, no retinal vasculitis, no retinal artery occlusion, no choroidal effusions and no hypotony were reported. 
 4D-150-mediated expression of the aflibercept transgene protein was demonstrated in the aqueous humor of the eye at 12 weeks after 4D-150 injection in all patients samples evaluated to date (n=3). In all three patients, aflibercept concentrations were in a potentially therapeutically active range. The mean annualized anti-VEGF injection rate in the 12 months prior to 4D-150 treatment was ~11 in cohort 1, indicating that these were high-need patients requiring frequent injections. Following intravitreal 4D-150, the annualized anti-VEGF injection rate for cohort 1 was reduced by 96.7 through the follow-up period of ~40, 36, 32 or 16 weeks. 
 In February 2023, we announced that interim PRISM data for dose Cohorts 1, 2 3 (n=15) were to be presented at the 2023 Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting. The randomized Phase 2 dose expansion portion of the Phase 1/2 PRISM clinical trial with 4D-150 for wet AMD is currently enrolling. 
 Clinical Development: Phase 1/2 SPECTRA Clinical Trial for DME 
 The Phase 2 SPECTRA clinical trial will assess 4D-150 in patients with DME. The study design consists of a Dose Confirmation stage followed by a masked Dose Expansion stage, in which patients will be randomized to receive a single intravitreal injection at one of two dose levels of 4D-150 or aflibercept. In both stages, patients will be randomized 1:1:1 to one of two doses of 4D-150 or aflibercept: n=18 in Dose Confirmation and n=54 in Dose Expansion. The doses to be evaluated in DME are anticipated to be between 6E9 to 3E10 vg/eye. In February 2023, we announced FDA clearance of the IND for 4D-150 for the treatment of DME. The IND clearance enables the initiation of SPECTRA clinical study sites, and 4DMT expects to begin enrollment in the third quarter of 2023. 
 4D-175 for Geographic Atrophy 
 Geographic atrophy (GA) is a highly prevalent disease with significant unmet medical need. It is estimated that there are over one million individuals with GA in the United States according to published data. The first therapy for GA, the complement C3 inhibitor pegcetacoplan, was approved by the U.S. FDA in February 2023. 
 Preclinical development was initiated for a new 4DMT product candidate 4D-175 designed for single dose intravitreal treatment of patients with GA; the product candidate will utilize 4DMT s proprietary R100 intravitreal vector currently used in the wet AMD and DME programs, and a transgene payload that addresses a complement pathway target (undisclosed). We anticipate that development and manufacturing activities will benefit from prior clinical experience and GMP manufacturing of three other R100-based ophthalmology product candidates that have been dosed in ophthalmology patients with wet AMD, X-Linked Retinitis Pigmentosa (XLRP) and choroideremia. 
 Inherited Retinal Diseases Portfolio 
 4D-125 for X-Linked Retinitis Pigmentosa XLRP 
 Disease Background, Unmet Medical Need, and Target Patient Population 
 XLRP is a rare inherited X-linked recessive genetic disorder that causes progressive vision loss and blindness. There are currently no approved therapies for XLRP. Seventy percent of cases are caused by mutations in the retinitis pigmentosa GTPase regulator RPGR gene. The estimated worldwide 
 11 

prevalence of XLRP due to RPGR variants is approximately one in 25,600 people, which represents approximately 24,000 patients in the United States, and France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom. XLRP is characterized by dysfunction and degeneration of photoreceptors in the retina. Loss of RPGR function in retinal cells causes the progressive loss of rod and cone photoreceptors, leading to the progressive loss of vision. Symptoms of XLRP are initially night blindness, followed by loss of peripheral visual field, decreasing visual acuity and eventually blindness. While males are usually the most affected, approximately 25 of heterozygous females experience loss of vision. 
 Our Solution 
 We are developing 4D-125 for the treatment of patients with XLRP with RPGR mutations. This product candidate is comprised of R100 and a codon-optimized RPGR transgene engineered for expression within human photoreceptors. In primate models, we have observed widespread transduction and transgene expression across the entire retinal surface. We believe that 4D-125 has the potential to successfully treat XLRP patients at the earliest stages of their disease progression and, ideally, slow or prevent progression and retain vision. 
 Competition and Differentiation: AAV Genetic Medicines for XLRP 
 Several companies are developing subretinal AAV gene therapies for patients with XLRP. In Phase 1 and 2 trials, investigators have reported improvements in visual field function within the localized retina area receiving the treatment bleb in a subset of patients. These AAV gene therapies require invasive subretinal surgery, which has been associated with subretinal surgery-related adverse events. In addition, subretinal surgery results in transduction and direct treatment of only a small fraction of the retina and may be, therefore, limited to patients with more advanced disease with a small remaining area of viable retinal cells. We believe 4D-125 has the potential to be differentiated from other AAV gene therapies in clinical development, to our knowledge, on the basis of four features: 1) Safe and routine intravitreal route of administration, 2) treatment of the entire retinal surface, 3) feasibility of treating earlier stage patients, and 4) commercial feasibility of intravitreal injections compared to subretinal injections. 
 Clinical Development: Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial 
 4D-125 is currently being evaluated in a first-in-human Phase 1/2 dose escalation and dose expansion clinical trial. The primary objectives of this trial are to evaluate the safety and maximum tolerated dose of 4D-125. Secondary endpoints include assessments of biologic activity, including both visual field function and anatomical endpoints. 
 We reported initial clinical data on this program in October 2021. As of the data cutoff date of September 1, 2021, eight patients with clinically advanced XLRP due to RPGR gene mutation had been treated. A standard 3+3 dose escalation was used. Patients were enrolled in one of three dose cohorts: dose-escalation cohort 1 (3E11 vg/eye; n=3), dose-escalation cohort 2 (1E12 vg/eye n=3) and the dose expansion cohort (1E12vg/eye; n=2). Patients enrolled in the dose escalation cohorts of this first-in-human clinical trial had clinically-advanced XLRP, with patients having limited or no measurable remaining photoreceptor area or retinal sensitivity. 
 4D-125 was well-tolerated and did not result in dose-limiting toxicities. No serious adverse events were reported. Two dose escalation patients (n=1 at 3E11 vg/eye; n=1 at 1E12 vg/eye) were evaluable for clinical activity defined as having both measurable ellipsoid-zone area EZ Area by spectral domain optical coherence tomography SD-OCT and retinal sensitivity by microperimetry in both the treated and untreated control eye with at least six months follow-up; dose expansion cohort patients (n=2) had not yet reached six months of follow-up. Both patients demonstrated slowed loss of EZ Area in the injected eye vs. the non-injected eye, as well as improved microperimetry function compared to the non-injected eye. 
 Enrollment in the Dose Expansion portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial for 4D-125 was completed in the first quarter of 2023 with 9 patients enrolled (for a total of 15 patients enrolled in both parts of the 
 12 

study). The safety and tolerability profile remains unchanged from prior data releases. We will continue to follow these patients for 24 months to assess the magnitude and durability of key imaging endpoint changes in evaluable patients. We anticipate providing program and clinical data updates in 2024. 
 4D-110 for Choroideremia 
 Disease Background, Unmet Medical Need, and Target Patient Population 
 Choroideremia is a monogenic blinding disease, affecting approximately 13,000 patients in the United States and EU-5. No products are approved currently for the treatment of this disease in the United States or European Union. This X-linked, progressive degenerative disease of the retina and choroid is caused exclusively by mutations in the CHM gene that encodes for the REP1 protein. While choroideremia primarily affects men, some heterozygous females also suffer variable visual loss from the condition. 
 Choroideremia initially manifests as night-blindness and peripheral visual field defects, usually starting in the first two decades of life. The visual field begins to constrict relatively early in the disease s progression, which hinders patients ability to conduct daily activities such as driving. Many patients become blind by 30 years of age. A patient with advanced disease will be legally blind by virtue of poor visual acuity and minimal preserved visual field. Almost all mutations in the CHM gene result in production of a non-functional REP1 protein. REP1 is essential for the activation (prenylation) of Ras-associated binding Rab proteins involved in intracellular vesicle trafficking. 
 Our Solution 
 We are developing 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia. 4D-110 is designed for a single intravitreal injection and to benefit patients at all stages of disease, including early-stage patients whose entire viable retinas are not adequately treated by subretinal injection. 4D-110 contains the R100 vector and is engineered to deliver the CHM transgene, the dysfunctional gene in choroideremia, to human RPE cells safely. We believe that 4D-110 has the potential, if approved, to successfully treat choroideremia patients at the earliest stages of their disease progression and ideally, slow or prevent progression and retain vision. 
 Competition and Differentiation: AAV Genetic Medicines for Choroideremia 
 Previously, subretinal conventional AAV gene therapy approaches were being developed to treat choroideremia. With the discontinuation of BIIB111, there is currently no direct competition for the choroideremia market. Subretinal administration requires an invasive surgical procedure, which has been associated with subretinal surgery-related adverse events. In addition, subretinal surgery results in transduction of only a small fraction of the retina and is therefore limited to patients with more advanced disease who have a small remaining area of viable retinal cells. 
 We believe 4D-110 has the potential to be differentiated from AAV gene therapies in development on the basis of four features: 1) safe and routine intravitreal route of administration, 2) treatment of the entire retinal surface, 3) feasibility of treating early stage patients, and 4) commercial feasibility of intravitreal injections compared to subretinal injections. 
 Clinical Development: Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial 
 4D-110 is currently being studied in an ongoing Phase 1/2 dose escalation clinical trial in patients with choroideremia. The primary objectives of this trial are to evaluate the safety and maximum tolerated dose of 4D-110. Secondary endpoints include assessments of biologic activity, including both visual field function and anatomical endpoints. 
 We reported initial clinical data on this program in October 2021. As of the October 2021 data disclosure, six patients with clinically advanced choroideremia were treated. A standard 3+3 dose 
 13 

escalation design was used. Patients were enrolled in one of two dose cohorts: 3E11 vg/eye (cohort 1; n=3) and 1E12 vg/eye (cohort 2; n=3). 
 At the 3E11 vg/eye dose (Cohort 1), 4D-110 was generally well-tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities or serious adverse events. At the 1E12 vg/eye dose, pigment dispersion (iris transillumination) was observed in three patients in the 1E12 vg/eye cohort approximately 7 to 9 months following treatment. Two cases were asymptomatic and one patient reported mild glare. In each case the investigator described this as a Serious Adverse Event, but no hospitalization or medical intervention was initiated. Potential initial signals of clinical activity were observed at this dose, through anatomical measurements of the retinal pigment epithelium RPE by fundus autofluorescence area and photoreceptors by ellipsoid zone area. 
 Enrollment in the Dose Escalation portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial for 4D-110 was completed in the second quarter of 2022 with 13 patients treated. The safety and tolerability profile remains unchanged from prior data releases. We will continue to follow these patients for 24 months to assess the magnitude and durability of key imaging endpoint changes in evaluable patients. We anticipate providing program and clinical data updates in 2024. 
 Pulmonology Therapeutic Area 
 Introduction 
 We are developing product candidates to treat lung diseases. Our customized and evolved vector, A101, is used in all of our pulmonology disease product candidates at this time. A101 was invented for aerosol delivery leading to transgene expression throughout all regions of the airways and alveoli, as well as resistance to pre-existing antibodies in humans. We believe that this modular product approach, utilizing A101 for multiple product candidates by switching the therapeutic transgene insert, will increase product development efficiencies, decrease development risks and help inform the clinical development of subsequent product candidates using the same vector. 
 Our first pulmonology product candidate is 4D-710 for cystic fibrosis lung disease. This product candidate has completed non-GLP dose-ranging and GLP toxicology and biodistribution studies in primates by aerosol delivery. No notable adverse effects were reported, and widespread biodistribution and transgene expression were observed throughout all lung segments tested in all NHPs. We are currently enrolling a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in patients with cystic fibrosis. 
 Our second pulmonology product candidate is 4D-725 for alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency lung disease, currently in preclinical development. 
 4D-710 for Cystic Fibrosis Lung Disease 
 Disease Background, Unmet Medical Need, and Target Patient Population 
 Cystic fibrosis is the most common fatal inherited disease in the United States and results from mutations in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator CFTR gene. Cystic fibrosis causes impaired lung function, inflammation, and bronchiectasis and is commonly associated with repeat and persistent lung infections due to the inability to clear thickened mucus from the lung, often resulting in frequent exacerbations and hospitalizations and eventual end-stage respiratory failure. There is no cure for cystic fibrosis, and the median age of death for patients is approximately 40 years in developed countries. Cystic fibrosis is considered a rare, or orphan, disease by both the FDA and the EMA. 
 According to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, nearly 40,000 people in the United States and an estimated 105,000 people worldwide are living with cystic fibrosis, and approximately 1,000 new cases of cystic fibrosis are diagnosed in the United States each year. Patients with cystic fibrosis require lifelong treatment with multiple daily medications, frequent hospitalizations and, ultimately, lung transplants in some end-stage patients. The quality of life for people with cystic fibrosis is further compromised as a result of spending significant time on self-care every day and frequent outpatient doctor visits and hospitalizations. 
 14 

Until recently, approved therapies to treat cystic fibrosis patients were only designed to treat the manifestations of cystic fibrosis, for example by preventing and controlling infections that occur in the lungs, rather than addressing the underlying cause of the disease. Accordingly, antibiotics are frequently used along with mucus-thinning drugs. 
 More recently, a new class of drugs called modulators target CFTR for patients with certain gene mutations. Several therapies from Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. have been approved for marketing in the United States and the European Union based on their ability to improve lung function in genetically defined subsets of cystic fibrosis patients. In 2019, the FDA approved triple drug therapy with Trikafta (elexacaftor/ivacaftor/tezacaftor), which Vertex believes would be applicable for up to 90 of patients with cystic fibrosis, leaving at least 10 with no CFTR-targeted options. While these therapies improve lung function, they fall short of restoring it to the normal range in most patients, and these chronic therapies require daily dosing for the patient s lifetime. In addition, the existing cystic fibrosis drugs have been associated with tolerability issues, thus limiting their use in some patients. 
 We believe there is a clinical need and market opportunity for a durable aerosolized therapy, delivered by breath-actuated nebulizer, that can restore normal CFTR function across all cystic fibrosis patient subgroups, including patients who are receiving combination CFTR-modulator therapies and/or do not have appreciable CFTR protein expression and are therefore not amenable to CFTR modulators. We expect to explore single agent therapy with 4D-710 initially in patients whose disease is not amenable to CFTR modulators (estimated to include approximately 15 of people with cystic fibrosis who have null mutations or are unable to tolerate modulators), and to explore single agent or combination therapy with CFTR modulators for the remaining approximately 85 of patients with cystic fibrosis. 
 Our Solution 
 We are developing 4D-710 for the treatment of a broad range of patients with cystic fibrosis independent of their specific CFTR mutation. 4D-710 is designed for efficient single dose aerosol delivery to the proximal and distal airways and alveoli, subsequent mucus barrier penetration, lung epithelial cell transduction, and resistance to pre-existing antibodies in humans. The intended result is to achieve CFTR expression within lung epithelial cells for correction of cystic fibrosis lung disease. 4D-710 is comprised of our customized and evolved vector, A101, and a codon-optimized version of a synthetic truncated CFTR transgene CFTR R . CFTR R is a construct that retains the most critical functional components of the full-size CFTR gene and is small enough to fit within AAV vector packaging constraints. 
 Initially, we plan to focus on the approximately 15 of all patients who are not amenable to existing medicines targeting the CFTR protein as we believe these patients have the highest unmet medical need. In patients with CFTR mutations that are amenable to modulator medicines, while therapies demonstrate improvements in lung function, these modulators do not restore normal lung function in most patients. Further, these chronic therapies require daily dosing for the patient s lifetime. We therefore expect to eventually develop 4D-710 in this patient population, as a single agent and/or in combination with these CFTR modulator small molecule medicines. 
 Competition and Differentiation: AAV Genetic Medicines for Cystic Fibrosis Lung Disease 
 A number of biotechnology companies have pursued genetic medicine solutions to treat cystic fibrosis. We believe these prior attempts to deliver AAV genetic medicine to the lungs of cystic fibrosis patients have failed due to an inability of conventional AAV vectors to penetrate through the lung mucus barrier and transduce lung cells efficiently. Further, we believe antibody neutralization of AAV likely also played a role in the lack of efficacy, as the mucosal immune system actively transports large quantities of antibodies into all mucus secretions, including on the lung mucosa. 
 While a number of companies are currently pursuing other genetic medicine solutions utilizing liposomes, herpesvirus, lentivirus, or conventional AAV vectors, these product candidates are in early stages of development. Moreover, they are not, to our knowledge, comprised of AAV vectors evolved in primates for aerosol delivery diffusely throughout the lung airways and alveoli. In addition, we believe these products were not designed for resistance to pre-existing antibodies to conventional AAVs, which is 
 15 

potentially a key requirement for successful delivery in the lung. As a result, to our knowledge, 4D-710 is the only AAV genetic medicine product candidate in development designed specifically with a vector selected for aerosol delivery in primates, including humans, and with resistance to antibodies in the human population. 
 We believe 4D-710 has the potential to be differentiated from approved agents, and those in clinical development to our knowledge, on the basis of four features: 
 1. Corrective mechanism-of-action : An aerosol dose of 4D-710 is designed to result in therapeutic levels of the CFTR protein directly within target cells lining the airway. 4D-710 comprises a customized and evolved vector invented for aerosol delivery, mucus barrier penetration and transduction of epithelial cells within the airways and alveoli of primates and humans. 

2. Long duration therapy : Unlike CFTR-targeted small molecules that require daily dosing for a patient s entire life, 4D-710 is designed for significantly less frequent dosing. 

3. CFTR mutation-independent efficacy : Unlike CFTR-targeted small molecules that are only effective against specific mutations, 4D-710 is designed to be used in patients with cystic fibrosis with any mutation, including in the approximately 15 of patients whose disease is not amenable to standard medical therapy. 

4. Resistance to AAV antibodies : Unlike conventional AAV vectors, which are sensitive to anti-AAV antibody inhibition, 4D-710 utilizes A101, a vector invented for resistance to human antibody inhibition. 

Preclinical Proof-of-Concept Study with Evolved AAV for Aerosol Delivery in the Cystic Fibrosis Pig Model 
 Academic investigators conducted preclinical proof-of-concept studies for utilizing directed evolution to discover vectors for delivering a corrective CFTR gene construct to cystic fibrosis lung tissue in a large animal model of cystic fibrosis, and in a human cystic fibrosis patient lung tissue model. Building on these previous proof-of-concept studies, our product candidate 4D-710 utilizes a vector, A101, which we in-licensed with exclusive worldwide rights. A101 was evolved and selected in primates, which we believe is more relevant for human use. The product was designed to package the same microCFTR transgene payload in this vector that was customized for use in humans. 
 In addition, directed evolution was used in an in vitro human organotypic air-liquid interface model of lung epithelium to select A100 (AAV2.5T), which we also in-licensed with exclusive worldwide rights. In preclinical studies, A100 carrying micro CFTR transduced human lung epithelial tissue and resulted in expression of functional protein as suggested by increased chloride ion transport as compared to untreated control. 
 We believe that these results demonstrate that a customized and evolved vector can penetrate the mucus layer of diseased cystic fibrosis lungs and deliver functional CFTR protein in a well-validated large animal model of the disease, as well as in human cystic fibrosis patient-derived organotypic lung models. 
 Preclinical Animal Model Pharmacology and Toxicology Studies 
 In our primate studies of a single aerosol delivered dose of 4D-710 at two different dose levels, treatment resulted in widespread distribution, CFTR transgene expression throughout both proximal and distal airways and alveoli. No meaningful inflammation or adverse findings were reported on in-life examinations, hematology or clinical chemistry analyses, or lung histology analyses. Ex vivo studies 
 16 

demonstrated highly significant resistance to neutralization by human pooled antibody preparations, with human IVIG pooled from over 1,000 individuals. 
 Clinical Development: Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial 
 In October 2021, we received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application IND for 4D-710. The Phase 1/2 clinical trial is a multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation and dose-expansion trial of 4D-710 in patients (n= up to ~18) with cystic fibrosis who are ineligible for CFTR modulator therapy or who have discontinued therapy due to adverse effects. The primary endpoint of the study is safety and tolerability. Secondary endpoints include assessments of clinical activity including lung function and quality of life, plus transgene delivery and microCFTR expression as measured within bronchoscopic biopsies and brushings. 
 In April 2022, we announced that we had dosed our first patient in the Phase 1/2 clinical trial. 
 In November 2022, we announced interim clinical data at the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference. The presentation focused on safety, tolerability, and delivery and expression of the 4D-710 CFTR R transgene in lung tissue samples from patients enrolled in cohort 1 (n=3; 1E15 vg) with data cutoff date of October 7, 2022. 4D-710 was well tolerated, with no 4D-710-related adverse events following aerosol delivery. The aerosol delivery procedure for 4D-710 was well tolerated. One patient experienced grade 1 dry throat and fatigue during aerosol delivery. 
 Clinical biomarker results showed evidence of 4D-710-mediated CFTR R transgene DNA delivery in endobronchial biopsies from the three patients (positive in 5 of 5 biopsies, 100 and evidence CFTR R transgene RNA expression (positive in 11 of 11 endobronchial samples (brushing and biopsies), 100 ). All 3 major cell types demonstrated transgene expression: ciliated columnar cells, goblet cells and basal cells. Machine learning driven image analyses estimated that ~40 of bronchial epithelial cells were positive for CFTR R RNA by in situ hybridization ISH, range 36-47 ). 

In January 2023, we announced the first patient in the high dose cohort (2E15 vg) was treated in December 2022 and no 4D-710 related adverse events were reported through Day 28. We expect to share additional data from this 4D-710 clinical trial in 2023. We also announced that preclinical research was initiated with the combination of 4D-710 with CFTR modulator therapy to support development of 4D-710 in the approximately 85 of CF patients amenable to CFTR modulator therapy. 
 17 

4D-725 for Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency Lung Disease 
 Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency is a prevalent disease, affecting approximately 200,000 individuals in the United States and Europe according to the NIH. A significant unmet medical need remains despite approved therapies. 
 Preclinical development was initiated for a new product candidate designed for single dose aerosol treatment of patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin lung disease; this product candidate utilizes 4DMT s proprietary A101 aerosol vector currently used in the CF program and expresses a genetically-validated transgene. We anticipate that development and manufacturing activities will benefit from prior clinical experience and GMP manufacturing of the A101-based 4D-710 product candidate that has been dosed in CF patients. 
 Cardiology Therapeutic Area 
 Introduction 
 We are developing product candidates to treat cardiomyopathies. These target indications may include both primary cardiomyopathies that involve the heart exclusively, or secondary cardiomyopathies that occur in the context of a systemic disease. In the context of secondary cardiomyopathies, such as Fabry disease, we design and engineer the product to treat all diseased organs including the high unmet medical need in the heart. Our customized and evolved vector C102 was invented for low dose intravenous infusion, leading to transgene expression throughout the myocardium in cardiomyocytes. We believe that this approach will help inform the clinical development of subsequent product candidates using the same vector. 
 4D-310 for Fabry Disease Cardiomyopathy 
 Disease Background, Unmet Medical Need, and Target Patient Population 
 Fabry disease is a monogenic disease caused by mutations in the GLA gene which encodes for the alpha-galactosidase A AGA enzyme, that result in the body s inability to produce sufficient AGA enzyme activity, causing the accumulation of toxic levels of sphingolipids, such as the substrate globotriaosylceramide-3 lyso-Gb3 ), in critical organs, including the heart, kidney and blood vessels. The cardiomyopathy in Fabry disease is the leading cause of death, accounting for 75 of deaths. Substrate accumulation in the heart can lead to life-threatening heart failure, arrhythmias, and vascular blockages. Fabry disease is progressive and fatal, with an average life expectancy of approximately 50 years. Progression of the disease causes significant reduction in the quality of life and significant economic burden associated with greater patient needs for supportive care. 
 Annual worldwide sales of Fabry medicines were approximately 1.8 billion in 2021. We estimate the potential initial addressable Fabry patient population in the United States and EU-5 to be up to 36,000 individuals, 57 of whom suffer from Classic Fabry disease. Of note, we estimate the prevalence of individuals with Fabry disease-associated GLA mutations in the United States and EU-5 falls between 50,000 and 70,000 in the United States and the EU-5 based on recent newborn screening. Pre-treatment antibody titers to genetic medicines, including 4D-310, may result in a reduction in the addressable patient population, if antibody titers at baseline are shown to be predictive of treatment response and/or tolerability. 
 The current treatment paradigm for Fabry disease is bi-weekly infusion of AGA enzyme, a class of therapies broadly referred to as enzyme replacement therapies ERT and/or small molecule chaperone therapy designed to bind to and stabilize a patient s own endogenous target protein. Fabrazyme, an ERT, received accelerated regulatory approval in 2003 in the United States based on improvements in a kidney interstitial capillary substrate biopsy endpoint and received full approval in 2021. Galafold, a chaperone therapy, received approval in the EU in 2016 and U.S. in 2018. 
 AGA is normally produced within target cells themselves, but ERTs reportedly lack efficient uptake by parenchymal cells including cardiomyocytes. As a result, patients remain at risk of cardiac complications 
 18 

including death. Finally, antibodies develop to AGA in the majority of Classic Fabry disease patients after ERT and can further worsen clinical outcomes. 
 Therefore, we believe cardiac-targeted treatment of Fabry disease is still an unmet medical need. 
 Our Solution 
 We are developing 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease cardiomyopathy. 4D-310 is designed for an efficient, single low dose IV administration to patients with classic and late-onset disease, including those who have previously received ERT. 4D-310 is comprised of C102 and a codon-optimized GLA transgene under control of a ubiquitous promoter. 4D-310 is designed to generate AGA activity via intracellular production within diseased cells including cardiomyocytes and to generate plasma AGA activity, potentially resulting in cross correction of a broad range of organs. 
 We believe 4D-310 has the potential for mutation independent treatment of both classic (early onset, severe) as well as late-onset Fabry disease, both of which are often associated with cardiomyopathy. We believe reducing substrate in cardiomyocytes would represent a strategic advantage and significant opportunity in the treatment of Fabry-associated cardiomyopathy, which we believe remains a significant unmet medical need and is a leading cause of death in patients with Fabry disease. 
 In addition, AGA produced by 4D-310 within target cells themselves will not be exposed to serum antibodies against AGA. These antibodies develop following ERT in approximately 80 of classic Fabry disease patients. We therefore have the potential to treat this patient population via intracellular production of AGA, in contrast to approaches that rely exclusively on delivery of AGA through the bloodstream. 
 Finally, single dose genetic medicine treatment with 4D-310 may obviate biweekly ERT infusions in these patients, and/or every other day small molecule medicines for patients amenable to AGA chaperone therapy. 
 Competition and Differentiation: AAV and Genetic Medicines for Fabry Disease 
 Companies are developing liver-expressing AAV genetic medicines for Fabry disease using conventional AAVs designed for expression from the liver only using liver-specific promoters. These product candidates are designed for the production and secretion of AGA enzyme for activity in the blood, as with ERT, but with more stable blood levels than achieved with intermittent ERT infusions. When administered as ERT in patients, the AGA protein has not been shown definitively to enter cardiomyocytes or other affected parenchymal cells. It is therefore unclear whether genetic medicine-induced production of AGA from the liver, with secretion into the bloodstream, would result in effective correction in cardiac muscle cells or other affected parenchymal cells such as in the kidney. 
 We believe 4D-310 is the only genetic medicine candidate designed specifically to express the AGA enzyme in cardiac tissues, as well as in other affected tissues in these patients, potentially addressing a major unmet medical need. 
 We believe 4D-310 has the potential to be differentiated from approved agents and those in clinical development, to our knowledge, on the basis of four features: 
 1. Targeted expression in cardiomyocytes : An IV dose of 4D-310 is designed to generate high AGA levels directly within muscle cells throughout the heart. Cells within the kidney, blood vessels and small intestine also produce intracellular AGA after 4D-310 treatment, albeit at significantly lower levels than in the heart. 

2. One-time therapy : Unlike AGA chaperones that require dosing every other day for a patient s life, or IV ERT every two weeks for life, 4D-310 is designed as a single dose therapy. 

19 

3. AGA mutation-independent biologic activity : Unlike AGA chaperones that are only effective against specific AGA mutations present in a minority of Fabry patients, 4D-310 is designed to treat patients with Fabry disease with any AGA mutation. 

4. Resistance to AGA antibodies : We believe that 4D-310 may be able to treat patients that have anti-AGA antibodies. Those antibodies develop in approximately 80 of classic Fabry disease patients (early onset, severe disease) treated with ERT. This is in contrast to competing approaches that rely exclusively on AGA delivery through the bloodstream, that may be inhibited by these antibodies since AGA comes into contact with anti-AGA antibodies in the bloodstream that may inhibit delivery to target organs. Unlike ERT and gene therapies that are designed to rely exclusively on AGA production and secretion from the liver into the blood, 4D-310 is designed to include intracellular AGA production in target tissues themselves, thus avoiding AGA antibody contact and inhibition. We therefore plan to evaluate the treatment of patients with pre-existing AGA antibodies, potentially resulting in a larger addressable patient population. 

The target product profile for 4D-310 is compared to competing technologies below. Many aspects of this profile have been supported by data generated to date with either the C102 vector or with 4D-310 itself. 
 
 Preclinical Animal Model Pharmacology and Toxicology Studies 
 We completed an IND-enabling GLP toxicology and biodistribution study of 4D-310 in normal mice. No meaningful toxicity was reported at doses up to 1.5E14 vg/kg, based both on in-life and histopathology assessments. This dose is 300 of the highest planned dose in our Phase 1/2 clinical trial. 4D-310-mediated AGA expression and/or AGA enzyme activity was observed in all target tissues tested, including heart, kidney, blood vessels, small intestine and blood. 
 Pharmacology studies have been completed in Fabry disease knock-out mice. We observed that a single IV treatment with 4D-310 resulted in high stable blood concentrations and durable AGA production in target tissues, including the heart and kidney, and that toxic lyso-Gb3 metabolites were reduced significantly in all evaluated target tissues versus vehicle control. Efficacy was demonstrated with doses as low as 1E12 vg/kg. No adverse findings were observed in these knock-out animals at doses as high as 5E13 vg/kg. 
 We performed a dose-ranging toxicity and biodistribution study in primates. Doses of 3E12, 1E13 and 5E13 vg/kg were well-tolerated and resulted in AGA activity concentrations in blood equal to 1.9-fold, 3.4-fold and 70-fold higher than pretreatment blood levels, respectively, within 14 days after treatment. NHPs used in this study were healthy and had normal baseline levels of AGA activity. No meaningful toxicity 
 20 

was noted clinically or with blood testing. Histopathology assessments were normal. Tissue analyses demonstrated dose-related 4D-310 genome delivery, RNA expression and AGA activity throughout the heart, especially within the left ventricle which is the key target tissue. AGA expression and enzymatic activity were also demonstrated within the kidney. 
 Clinical Development: Phase 1/2 INGLAXA Clinical Trials for Fabry Disease Cardiomyopathy 
 We are currently studying 4D-310 in two on-going Phase 1/2 dose-escalation and dose-expansion clinical trials (United States: INGLAXA-1 and Asia-Pacific: INGLAXA-2) assessing a single intravenous dose of 4D-310, 4DMT s customized and evolved C102 vector-based product candidate designed for Fabry disease cardiomyopathy. The primary endpoints of the trials are safety and tolerability. Key exploratory endpoints include markers of biologic activity in the heart, including cardiac imaging parameters and quality of life. In the Asia-Pacific study, cardiac biopsies will also be assessed. 
 On January 9, 2023, we reported program updates and interim clinical data updates from the 4D-310 INGLAXA trials. The Company announced that no additional patients will be enrolled in the current clinical trials pending potential amendments, and that the program will be evaluated in the second half of 2023 after 12-month clinical data are obtained on all six of the currently enrolled patients, including on-going safety and cardiac endpoints for a potential pivotal trial as recommended by the FDA: peak VO 2 by cardiopulmonary exercise test (CPET), quality-of-life by Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire (KCCQ), and left ventricular contractility by global longitudinal strain (GLS) by echocardiography. The Company reported improvements in all cardiac endpoints listed above in patients who reached 12 months follow up as of the data cutoff of December 5, 2022 (n=3), and the single available cardiac biopsy was positive for widespread genome delivery and transgene expression from 4D-310. Additionally, the Company reported 3 instances of transient acute atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) in which resolution started within ~1-4 days. One case of aHUS was determined to be a grade 4 dose limiting toxicity (DLT), which led to led us to voluntarily pause enrollment on our two INGLAXA trials in January 2023. Otherwise, 4D-310 was generally well-tolerated with no liver, heart, or dorsal root ganglia (DRG) toxicity observed. 
 Consistent with the Company s plans for the program as noted above and as communicated to the FDA, the FDA subsequently notified the Company of a Clinical Hold pursuant to CFR 312.42 (b)(iv). In its notification, the FDA acknowledged the Company s paused enrollment worldwide, and directed the Company to continue long term follow up of treated patients under the current IND. The IND for 4D-310 remains open and active. 
 On February 22, 2023, we presented interim Phase 1/2 data from the INGLAXA clinical trials in conjunction with the WORLD Symposium , including results of a detailed investigation of the grade 4 DLT aHUS event. Regarding the instance of grade 4/DLT aHUS, our findings indicated that complement activation, which drives aHUS, was present before 4D-310 dosing in this patient. In addition, we observed rapid anti-AAV capsid IgM antibody rise, capsid binding, and complement pathway activation, a known class effect of IV administered AAV. 
 21 

Meaningful Improvement in All Five Cardiac Endpoints Compared to ERT Natural History 
 
 As of January 2023, enrollment was closed. Currently enrolled participants will continue with scheduled study assessments and clinical data will be evaluated after all enrolled participants complete 12 months of follow-up. To mitigate the risk of aHUS, we intend to implement the highly effective rituximab/sirolimus immunosuppressive regimen and exclude patients with pre-dosing complement activation. We believe alignment with FDA on these proposed protocol amendments will address FDA feedback with respect to the clinical hold. In addition, we obtained alignment with FDA on endpoints for a potential pivotal trial, including peak VO 2 (CPET), quality of life (KCCQ), and left ventricular function (global longitudinal strain/echocardiography). We also have alignment with FDA on Phase 3 CMC plans. 
 Competition 
 We are aware of several companies focused on developing genetic medicines in various indications as well as companies addressing methods for modifying genes and regulating gene expression. We may also face competition from large and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, government agencies and public and private research institutions with genetic medicine and other therapeutic approaches. 
 We consider our most direct competitors with respect to 4D-150 for the treatment of wet AMD and DME to be Eylea (aflibercept) from Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., which is the current wet AMD standard of care, and a combination of antibody-based programs including, but not limited to, Lucentis, Susvimo, and Vabysmo from Roche, KSI-301 from Kodiak Sciences Inc., and OPT-302 from Opthea Limited, and AAV-based gene therapy based programs including RGX-314 from REGENXBIO (Phase 3 subretinal, Phase 2 suprachoroidal), ADVM-022 from Adverum Biotechnologies (Phase 2, discontinued in diabetic populations), and EXG102-031 from Exegenesis Bio (Phase 1). We are also aware of mid-stage sustained release anti-VEGF tyrosine kinase inhibitor programs at Ocular Therapeutix, EyePoint Pharmaceuticals, and Clearside Biomedical. 
 We consider our most direct competitors with respect to 4D-175 for the treatment of Geographic Atrophy to be Apellis s C3 inhibitor SYFOVRE (approved) and Iveric s C5 inhibitor ACP (filed for marketing approval with the FDA). We are also aware that Novartis Therapeutics and Janssen Pharmaceuticals have complement inhibitor gene therapies and that AGTC and Gemini Therapeutics each have a research program on complement factor H gene therapy. 
 22 

We consider our most direct competitors with respect to 4D-710 for the treatment of cystic fibrosis lung disease to be Vertex, which has several approved CFTR modulators, as well as other companies in preclinical/early-clinical development of cystic fibrosis products, including Vertex, Krystal Biotech, and Spirovant Sciences. 
 We consider our most direct competitors with respect to 4D-725 for the treatment of alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency lung disease to be Vertex (AAT correctors in Phase 2 and Phase 1), Krystal Biotech (lung directed gene therapy in preclinical development), Beam (base editing in preclinical development), and Wave Life Sciences/GSK (RNA editing in preclinical development). 
 We consider our most direct competitors with respect to 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease to be Amicus Therapeutics, which has Galafold (migalastat) approved as a small molecule chaperone for specific mutations, and Sangamo, which is in Phase 1/2 development of AAV2/6-based isaralgagene civaparvovec. Other competitors include Sanofi Genzyme, Takeda, and Protalix, all of which either commercialize or develop enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of Fabry disease. 
 With respect to 4D-125 for the treatment of XLRP, we consider our most direct AAV gene therapy competitors to be as follows: Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC-501 administered by subretinal surgery in a Phase 2 clinical trial) and Janssen Pharmaceuticals / MeiraGTx (botaretigene sparoparvovec administered by subretinal surgery enrolling a Phase 3 clinical trial). 
 With respect to 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia, we currently believe there are no gene therapies in development for this disease. 
 Manufacturing 
 CMC Strategy 
 In order to fulfill our strategy to maximize the robustness and internal control of our manufacturing processes from discovery and process development through to clinical-grade current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP manufacturing, we have designed and are continually developing and scaling our in-house manufacturing platform for both GMP and non-GMP manufacturing. While many companies in the AAV genetic medicine field outsource their process development and manufacturing to other companies or academic manufacturing centers, in contrast, our manufacturing processes were developed internally using internal technology transfers from our own process development labs. Our current in-house manufacturing capabilities include GMP manufacturing (upstream, downstream and fill/finish), production capabilities for clinical trials, IND-enabling GLP toxicology studies, and research candidate production. We also collaborate with contract manufacturing organizations CMOs to supplement our internal capacity. 
 cGMP Capabilities 
 Our team has extensive experience with the manufacturing and analytical testing of numerous unique AAV capsids. Our team has internally manufactured over 200 unique AAV vectors, including both proprietary evolved 4DMT capsid variants and naturally occurring capsids. Our team has manufactured over 300 total lots of AAV vectors for research or clinical use. This total also includes multiple lots of product candidate material for GLP toxicology and biodistribution studies. We have in-house cGMP manufacturing capabilities for clinical trial material production. Our manufacturing team has completed and released 18 lots of clinical trial material for our five product candidates in clinical development. Leveraging internal testing capabilities in addition to qualified contract testing laboratories, we fully test and release our GLP and GMP lots for use in toxicology and clinical trials, respectively. We have developed and qualified assays for characterization, in-process testing, and release and stability testing of our internally and externally manufactured proprietary AAV vectors. 
 23 

Process Development Capabilities 
 We use robust, scalable and transferable manufacturing unit operations throughout both the vector characterization process and product development, which are both platform-specific and product-specific. The upstream manufacturing step involves triple plasmid transfections in an adherent HEK293 mammalian production cell line. Downstream manufacturing steps for purification and concentration include multiple orthogonal column chromatography steps and tangential flow filtration. The downstream purification columns used in our process are from stable sources including General Electric. Using internally developed manufacturing processes and testing, we characterize our novel capsids and payloads. In addition, leveraging internal expertise and capabilities, we package and test our novel vectors with payloads using internally developed manufacturing processes, including both adherent and suspension processes. 
 Manufacturing Facilities 
 Our manufacturing facilities are on site at company headquarters in Emeryville, California and include process development labs, an analytical development lab, and a cGMP manufacturing facility. These manufacturing facilities are also designed for production of material for GLP toxicology and biodistribution studies. In addition, in 2022, we completed construction of a second manufacturing facility to enable commercial-scale lot sizes under cGMP. Our cGMP facilities are able to provide additional capacity for production of Phase 1 through Phase 3 clinical trials material. We expect to utilize commercial-scale bioreactors that are designed to manufacture higher titer clinical trial material lots. Our manufacturing facilities are also designed for production of material for GLP toxicology and biodistribution studies. 
 Manufacturing Team 
 Our team of approximately 40 highly trained individuals is led by our President and Chief Operating Officer, Dr. Fred Kamal, and includes Ph.D. scientists. Collectively, they have significant experience in viral vector manufacturing, chemistry-manufacturing-controls CMC ), regulatory affairs, analytical and process development, and quality assurance and controls. As of February 2023, our team had submitted 6 INDs, all of which have been granted clearance by the U.S. FDA, enabling our clinical candidates to advance to Phase 1/2 clinical development. Our team also has experience prior to 4DMT with manufacturing multiple viral vectors from preclinical studies through to multiple Phase 3 trials. For example, Dr. Kamal helped to write and compile the AAV gene therapy Biologics License Application (BLA) for Zolgensma Novartis ), the first AAV gene therapy approved for intravenous administration in humans. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, manufacturing and process discoveries, and other know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. In particular, our patent strategy includes the filing of patent applications covering unique gene sequences selected through our Therapeutic Vector Evolution process. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 
 Our product and lead optimization candidates were discovered by us utilizing our proprietary technology. We have filed several non-provisional and provisional patent applications, all owned by us, relating to our product and lead optimization candidates in the United States and certain foreign countries and through the World Intellectual Property Organization that are directed to compositions of matter, dosage unit forms, methods of treatment, and medical uses. We have also licensed several non-provisional patent applications, granted patents and international patent applications relating to our targeted and evolved vector, A101, which is used in 4D-710 and 4D-725, and to other AAV-based technologies. 
 As of January 11, 2023, our solely owned patent portfolio includes ten granted U.S. patents and thirty-three granted foreign patents; each of these patents is expected to expire between May 2037 and 
 24 

April 2041, excluding any additional term from patent term adjustment or patent term extension if appropriate maintenance and other governmental fees are paid. Our solely owned patent portfolio also includes ten pending U.S. non-provisional applications and ninety pending foreign applications. We expect that United States and European patents, if issued from pending applications in our solely owned portfolio, would expire between May 2037 and August 2041, excluding any additional term from patent term adjustment or patent term extension if appropriate maintenance and other governmental fees are paid. Additional patent term for the presently issued or later issued U.S. patents may be awarded as a result of the patent term extension provision of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments of 1984. Similarly, in the European Union member countries, a supplementary protection certificate, if obtained, provides up to an additional five years of market exclusivity. Our solely owned patent portfolio also includes two pending U.S. provisional patent applications. 
 In other jurisdictions (currently, Australia, Bahrain, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Iran, Israel, Japan, Korea, Kuwait, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Oman, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, United Arab Emirates, Ukraine, and Vietnam), patents, if issued on pending applications in our solely owned patent portfolio, where applicable, relating to our product and lead optimization candidates, including composition of matter, dosage unit form, method of treatment and medical use, are expected to expire between May 2037 and August 2041, if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, and other government fees are paid. These patents and patent applications (if applicable), depending on the national laws, may benefit from extension of patent term in individual countries if regulatory approval of any of our product candidates is obtained in those countries. For example, in Japan, the term of a patent may be extended by a maximum of five years in certain circumstances. 
 As of January 11, 2023, our in-licensed patent portfolio includes five granted U.S. patents and twenty-one granted foreign patents; each of these patents is expected to expire between June 2024 and May 2036, excluding any additional term from patent term adjustment or patent term extension if appropriate maintenance and other governmental fees are paid. Our in-licensed patent portfolio also includes five pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications and fourteen pending foreign patent applications. We expect that United States and European patents, if issued from applications in our in-licensed portfolio would expire between June 2024 and June 2038, excluding any additional term from patent term adjustment or patent term extension if appropriate maintenance and other governmental fees are paid. 
 In other jurisdictions (currently, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Korea and Mexico), patents, if issued on pending applications in our in-licensed patent portfolio, where applicable, relating to our product candidates, including composition of matter and various other patents, including dosage unit form, method-of-treatment and medical use patents are expected to expire between June 2024 and June 2038, if the appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, and other government fees are paid. These patents and patent applications (if applicable), depending on the national laws, may benefit from extension of patent term in individual countries if regulatory approval of any of our product or lead optimization candidates is obtained in those countries. For example, in Japan, the term of a patent may be extended by a maximum of five years in certain circumstances. 
 Individual patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, patents issued for regularly filed applications in the United States are effective for 20 years from the earliest effective non-provisional filing date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO delay in issuing the patent as well as a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. However, as to the FDA component, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. The actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product by product basis, from country to country and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the 
 25 

scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 
 We also protect our trade secrets and other proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and other contractors. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our employees, consultants, scientific advisors or other contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, alter our drugs or processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future drugs may have a material adverse impact on us. 
 Strategic Collaborations 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. 
 In November 2017, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement (the 2017 Roche Agreement ), with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., collectively referred to as Roche. Under the Roche Agreement, we granted Roche an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain intellectual property rights to research, develop, make, use, import, export, and sell products and constructs using our proprietary AAV vectors to treat ophthalmological diseases and disorders, excluding treatment and prevention of cancer and central nervous system conditions (but not retinal nerves) and delivery of DNA-directed RNA interference (the Roche Field ). 
 At the effective date of the 2017 Roche Agreement, choroideremia was designated a Roche product class and the 4D-110 product was licensed to Roche. We were responsible for conducting research and development services prior to pivotal clinical studies, and Roche was responsible for conducting subsequent development and commercialization activities. In addition, Roche agreed to pay for research and development services we incur at an agreed upon full-time employee rate and certain third party costs, excluding costs associated with the manufacturing work for choroideremia. 
 Pursuant to the 2017 Roche Agreement, the Company received a non-refundable upfront payment of 21.0 million as consideration. In addition, the Company was entitled to contingent payments including (i) 1.0 million for each Roche nominated product beyond the first three, (ii) up to 30.0 million upon exercise of the option to convert a product the Company nominated and developed prior to pivotal clinical studies, (iii) development milestone payments of up to 223.0 million, of which 86.0 million related to choroideremia and the rest related to other licensed products; and (iv) sales-based milestones of up to 123.0 million in connection with licensed products. Through September 30, 2021, the Company received 10.0 million for development milestone payments that are non-refundable. The 2017 Roche Agreement also included prorochevisions that entitled the Company to receive royalty payments ranging from the mid-single digits to the mid-teens for the net sales of the licensed products, in each case subject to the reductions in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
 In its accounting treatment, we identified a single combined performance obligation for the license, research services and participation in the joint steering committee and concluded that Roche s option did not represent a material right. The transaction price and estimated period of performance were re-evaluated at each reporting period and adjusted as needed to reflect changes in the scope of the project, reimbursable expenses and other conditions affecting variable consideration. 
 26 

In June 2021, we received from Roche notice of termination without cause of the 2017 Roche Agreement. The licenses granted by us to Roche under the 2017 Roche Agreement terminated in their entirety on September 16, 2021. Therefore, as of September 16, 2021, Roche no longer has a license for 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia or any other product class, and we are no longer entitled to receive any further milestones or royalties from Roche. In July 2021, we notified Roche of our election to continue development of choroideremia. As a result, in accordance with the terms of the agreement, all rights to 4D-110 data and intellectual property generated under the collaboration reverted to us. Under the 2017 Roche Agreement, if we are required to initiate a new Phase 1/2a clinical trial for 4D-110, we would not owe any royalty to Roche on net sales of 4D-110 following regulatory approval and commercialization. If, however, we obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize 4D-110 without being required to conduct a new Phase 1/2a clinical trial, we must pay Roche a mid-single digit percentage royalty on the net sales of 4D-110. 
 Collaboration and License Agreements with uniQure biopharma B.V. 
 In August 2019, we entered into an Amended and Restated Collaboration and License Agreement (the Amended and Restated uniQure Agreement with uniQure biopharma B.V., now uniQure N.V. uniQure ), which amended and restated the Collaboration and License Agreement that we entered into with uniQure in January 2014. 
 Under the Amended and Restated uniQure Agreement, we granted uniQure an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain of our intellectual property rights, and other rights, to research, develop, make, use, and commercialize pre-selected AAV capsid variants Selected Variants ), and compounds and products containing such Selected Variants, using our proprietary AAV technology for delivery of genetic medicine constructs to cells in the central nervous system and the liver (the uniQure Field ). uniQure is solely responsible, at its cost and expense, to develop and commercialize the compounds and products containing the Selected Variants in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated uniQure Agreement. We retain all rights to all other AAV capsid variants, and compounds and products containing such AAV capsid variants, in the uniQure Field. 
 Also in August 2019, we entered into a separate Collaboration and License Agreement with uniQure Second uniQure Agreement ). Under the Second uniQure Agreement, the parties agreed to research and develop new AAV capsid variants that are not Selected Variants New Variants using the Company s proprietary AAV technology for delivery of transgene constructs that affect certain targets uniQure Targets in the uniQure Field. We are responsible for the research of the New Variants, and uniQure is responsible for the development and commercialization of a certain number of compounds and products containing New Variants, that affect the uniQure Targets Licensed Products ). We granted uniQure an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain of our intellectual property rights, and other rights, to research, develop, make, use, and commercialize the Licensed Products. We retain rights to New Variants in the uniQure Field that affect targets other than the uniQure Targets. We also retain rights to any new AAV capsid variants developed under the agreements that are not New Variants, including products containing such variants. 
 Under both the Amended and Restated uniQure Agreement and the Second uniQure Agreement, uniQure will be required to pay us royalties on worldwide annual net sales of licensed products at a mid-single digit percentage rate, subject to certain specified reductions. These royalties are payable on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest of ten years after the date of the first commercial sale of such product in such country, the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent right covering such product in such country (of which there are none), and the expiration of any applicable exclusivity granted by a regulatory authority in such country for such product (the uniQure Royalty Term ). uniQure will also be required to pay us a portion of the amounts it receives for licensing or sublicensing to third parties our intellectual property rights licensed or other rights otherwise granted under the Amended and Restated uniQure Agreement, and a portion of the amounts it receives for licensing to third parties our intellectual property rights granted under the Second uniQure Agreement, each at a rate between mid-single digit to mid-twenties percentages, depending on the stage of development at which such third-party grant occurs. 
 27 

Under both the Amended and Restated uniQure Agreement and the Second uniQure Agreement, under certain circumstances, we may propose to uniQure, and uniQure may grant to us, a non-exclusive right for us to develop and commercialize certain licensed products based on Selected Variants in the uniQure Field, or New Variants in the uniQure Field, to deliver transgene constructs that affect the uniQure Targets 4DMT Proposed Products ). Pursuant to the Second uniQure Agreement, under certain circumstances, uniQure may propose to us, and we may grant to uniQure a non-exclusive right for uniQure to develop and commercialize certain licensed products using any new AAV capsid variants developed under the agreement that are not New Variants in the uniQure Field to deliver transgene constructs that affect targets other than the uniQure Targets uniQure Proposed Products ). If either party obtains the rights to develop and commercialize a 4DMT Proposed Product or a uniQure Proposed Product, as applicable, such party will be required to pay the other party royalties on worldwide annual net sales of such products at a mid-single digit percentage rate, subject to specified reductions. These royalties will be payable on a product-by-product basis during the uniQure Royalty Term for such products. The party receiving such license will also be required to pay the other party a portion of the amounts that it may receive for licensing or sublicensing to third parties rights for such 4DMT Proposed Products or uniQure Proposed Products, as applicable, at a rate between mid-single digit to mid-twenties percentages depending on the stage of development at which the sublicense is granted. 
 Each of the Amended and Restated uniQure Agreement and the Second uniQure Agreement will expire on the expiration of all payment obligations of the parties under such agreement. Each party may terminate either agreement for the other party s insolvency or bankruptcy. Each party may also terminate either agreement in its entirety in some circumstances or on an indication-by-indication basis if the other party fails to cure its material breach under the applicable agreement within 90 days of receiving notice, subject to an additional cure period in accordance with the terms of such agreement. uniQure may terminate either agreement upon 90 days prior written notice. If we terminate either agreement for uniQure s material breach, insolvency or bankruptcy or if uniQure terminates either agreement for convenience, the rights to the Selected Variants, and products containing such Selected Variants, or the New Variants, and products containing such New Variants, as applicable, generally revert back to us. If uniQure terminates either agreement for our material breach under the applicable agreement, insolvency or bankruptcy, uniQure may retain its rights to the intellectual property license grant under such agreement and uniQure s payment obligations will survive. 
 Exclusive License and Agreements with The Regents of the University of California and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania 
 In December 2013, we entered into two Exclusive License and Bailment Agreements (the 2013 UC Agreements with The Regents of the University of California (the UC Regents with one of the agreements covering AAV2 capsid mutants with novel properties for enhanced performance in genetic medicine and the other covering AAV for enhanced gene delivery in the presence of neutralizing antibodies. Under both 2013 UC Agreements, the UC Regents granted us an exclusive, sublicensable license under certain patent rights to make, use, sell, offer to sell, and import products and services, and to practice methods in the United States and foreign countries where the licensed patent rights exist. The license grant under one of the 2013 UC Agreements is in all fields of use and the license grant under the other 2013 UC Agreement is in all fields of use, with the exception of the ophthalmic field. We agreed to certain general and specific diligence obligations under both 2013 UC Agreements in connection with the development, manufacture and sales of the licensed products, services and methods. 
 Under each 2013 UC Agreement, we paid the UC Regents an upfront payment of 5,000. Further, at the closing of our Series A financing that was a qualified financing pursuant to the 2013 UC Agreements, we issued 311,812 shares of our common stock in aggregate under both agreements. Under each 2013 UC Agreement, we agreed to pay the UC Regents a specified annual license maintenance fee in each year in which we do not owe royalties to the UC Regents. We also agreed to pay the UC Regents a mid-teens to mid-twenties percentage range of any consideration, including royalties, we receive for the grant of a sublicense under the licensed patent rights under each 2013 UC Agreement, with the consideration payable to the UC Regents to not exceed such percentage range in the aggregate under both 2013 UC Agreements for the same sublicense grant. We may reduce any such sublicense consideration payable to UC Regents 
 28 

if we sublicense any of our own or third-party patent rights under the sublicense grant based on the relative value of the sublicensed patents. Upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones by the first licensed product or method, we will be required to pay the UC Regents up to 3.1 million under each 2013 UC Agreement. We will also be required to pay the UC Regents a royalty on net sales of licensed products, services and methods covered by the patents licensed under the 2013 UC Agreements at a percentage in the low single-digit percentage rate, subject to certain specified reductions. Under the UC Agreements, a specified minimum annual royalty will also be due to the UC Regents beginning the first calendar year after the year in which any net sales of a licensed product first occur, such minimum royalty amount to increase on an annual basis, but not to exceed 0.1 million in the aggregate under both UC Agreements. Under each UC Agreement, royalties are payable until the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent right covering the licensed product, service or method, at which time the agreement shall expire. The UC Regents may terminate each of the 2013 UC Agreements if we fail to cure a breach of such UC Agreement within 60 days of notice. If we fail to meet our diligence obligations, the UC Regents has the right, under each 2013 UC Agreement, to either terminate the agreement or to reduce our exclusive license to a non-exclusive license, after giving us 60 days to cure or request arbitration. We may terminate either 2013 UC Agreement at-will in its entirety or with respect to any portion of the licensed patent rights upon 90 days prior written notice. 
 In January 2019, the Company entered into an Exclusive License and Bailment Agreement the 2019 UC Agreement with the UC Regents to license patent rights related to certain retinal AAV variants. The UC Regents granted us an exclusive, sublicensable license to make, use, sell, offer to sell, and import products and services, and to practice methods in the United States and foreign countries where the licensed patent rights exist. The license grant under the 2019 UC Agreement is in all fields of use. We agreed to certain general and specific diligence obligations under the 2019 UC Agreement in connection with the development, manufacture and sales of the licensed products, services and methods. 
 Under the 2019 UC Agreement, we paid the UC Regents an upfront payment of 50,000 and agreed to pay a specified annual license maintenance fee in each year in which we do not owe royalties to the UC Regents. We also agreed to pay the UC Regents a mid-teens to mid-twenties percentage range of any consideration, including royalties, we receive for the grant of a sublicense under the licensed patent rights under the 2019 UC Agreement. We may reduce any such sublicense consideration payable to UC Regents if we sublicense any of our own or third-party patent rights under the sublicense grant based on the relative value of the sublicensed patents. Upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones by the first licensed product or method, we will be required to pay the UC Regents up to 3.1 million under the 2019 UC Agreement. We will also be required to pay the UC Regents a royalty on net sales of licensed products, services and methods covered by the patents licensed under the 2019 UC Agreements at a percentage in the low single-digit percentage rate, subject to certain specified reductions. Under the 2019 UC Agreement, a specified minimum annual royalty will also be due to the UC Regents beginning the first calendar year after the year in which any net sales of a licensed product first occur, such minimum royalty amount to increase on an annual basis, but not to exceed 0.1 million in the aggregate. Under the 2019 UC Agreement, royalties are payable until the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent right covering the licensed product, service or method, at which time the agreement shall expire. The UC Regents may terminate the 2019 UC Agreement if we fail to cure a breach of the agreement within 60 days of notice. If we fail to meet our diligence obligations, the UC Regents has the right to either terminate the agreement or to reduce our exclusive license to a non-exclusive license, after giving us 60 days to cure or request arbitration. We may terminate either 2019 UC Agreement at-will in its entirety or with respect to any portion of the licensed patent rights upon 90 days prior written notice. 
 In July 2021, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the UC/UPenn Agreement with the UC Regents and the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania UPenn to license intellectual property related to certain AAV vectors. The UC Regents and UPenn granted us an exclusive, sublicensable license to make, use, sell, offer to sell, and import products and services, and to practice methods in the United States and foreign countries where the licensed patent rights exist. The license grant under the UC/UPenn Agreement is in all therapeutic and prophylactic fields of use and excludes diagnostic uses. We agreed to certain general and specific diligence obligations under the UC/UPenn Agreement in connection with the development, manufacture and sales of the licensed products, services and methods. 
 29 

In July 2021, the Company paid a non-refundable license fee of 100,000 to the UC Regents upon execution of the agreement. The Company is obligated to pay a non-refundable license maintenance fee of 10,000 on the one-year anniversary of the contract effective date and each year thereafter, except years for which the Company has paid royalties on the net sales of a licensed product. In addition, the Company is obligated to make certain contingent payments including (i) development sales milestones up to 3.9 million, (ii) low single digit percentage rate royalties on the net sales of its licensed products that consists of a minimum annual royalty of up to 0.1 million per year for the term of the Agreement beginning in the first calendar year after the year in which net sales first occurred and (iii) sublicense consideration in the mid-single digits to the low twenties percentage rate range on any future sublicensing arrangements the Company may enter into with third-party licensees, which we may reduce if we sublicense any of our own or third-party patent rights under the sublicense grant based on the relative value of the sublicensed patents. Under the UC/UPenn Agreement, royalties are payable until the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent right covering the licensed product, services or method, at which time the agreement shall expire. The UC Regents or UPenn may terminate the UC/UPenn Agreement if we fail to cure a breach of the agreement within 60 days of notice. If we fail to meet our diligence obligations, the UC Regents has the right to either terminate the agreement or to reduce our exclusive license to a non-exclusive license, after giving us 60 days to cure or request arbitration. We may terminate the UC/UPenn Agreement at-will in its entirety or with respect to any portion of the licensed patent rights upon 90 days prior written notice. On February 22, 2023, we provided 90 days written notice to UC and UPenn to terminate the UC/UPenn Agreement its entirety at-will. Accordingly, the effective Termination Date of the UC/UPenn Agreement is May 23, 2023. 
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation 
 In 2016, we received a grant from Cystic Fibrosis Foundation CFF in the amount of 525,000 to support discovery and development of product candidates to treat cystic fibrosis. The grant was increased to 3.5 million in 2017 and was subsequently amended to allocate the 3.5 million to different milestones. The grant provides for repayment to CFF upon the commercialization of any product developed under the grant. The repayment is capped at nine times the grant actually paid to us. 
 In April 2020, CFF made a 10.0 million investment in our Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock financing. In return for the investment, CFF received shares of our Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, and we and CFF entered into a Funding Agreement (the Funding Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Funding Agreement, we agreed to use the proceeds of the CFF investment to support development of 4D-710, our product candidate for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, and to match CFF s support for the product candidate. As provided under the Funding Agreement, following acceptance by the FDA in October 2021 of our IND for 4D-710 Acceptance ), CFF made an additional 4.0 million investment (the Subsequent Investment ), in exchange for 125,715 shares of the Company s common stock. We have agreed to use the additional 4.0 million from the Subsequent Investment to support development of 4D-710 and to match CFF s support of the product candidate. Under the terms of the Funding Agreement, neither the 10.0 million investment in the Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock nor the 4.0 million of funding upon Acceptance are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. 
 Government Regulation 
 The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring, and post-approval reporting of biological product candidates such as those we are developing. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 30 

U.S. Biologics Regulation 
 In the United States, biological products are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before biologic product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA s GLPs; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an Institutional Review Board (IRB) or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed biologic product candidate for its intended purpose; 

preparation of and submission to the FDA of a BLA after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with current cGMP and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s continued safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with Good Clinical Practices GCP ); and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. 

Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate in the United States, we must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical trials. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information; and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 
 In addition to the submission of an IND to the FDA, under the National Institutes of Health NIH Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant DNA Molecules NIH Guidelines ), supervision of certain human gene transfer trials may also require evaluation and assessment by an institutional biosafety committee IBC ), a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees research utilizing recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecules at that institution. The IBC assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to the public health or the environment, and such assessment may result in some delay before initiation of a clinical trial. While the NIH Guidelines are not mandatory unless the research in question is being conducted at or sponsored by institutions receiving NIH funding of recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecule research, many companies and other institutions not otherwise subject to the NIH Guidelines voluntarily follow them. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP, which include the requirement that all 
 31 

research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. 
 For purposes of BLA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1 The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase 2 The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase 3 The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies may also be made a condition to approval of the BLA. 
 While the IND is active, progress reports summarizing the results of the clinical trials and nonclinical studies performed since the last progress report, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the drug, findings from animal or in vitro testing suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the drug, and any clinically important increased rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction compared to that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the product candidate and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 32 

BLA Submission and Review by the FDA 
 Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The BLA must include all relevant data available from preclinical and clinical studies, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical studies intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of the product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. The submission of a BLA requires payment of a substantial user fee to FDA, and the sponsor of an approved BLA is also subject to an annual program fee. A waiver of user fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the FDA accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. Once a BLA has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review standard applications within ten months after the filing date, or, if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the filing date. Priority review designation will direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of applications for products that, if approved, would be significant improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of serious conditions. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed, or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. The FDA may also convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions regarding approval. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 After the FDA evaluates a BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter CRL ). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the CRL without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots, and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the BLA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of a BLA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 
 If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), to ensure the benefits 
 33 

of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a medicine and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may also require one or more Phase IV post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 A sponsor may seek approval of its product candidate under programs designed to accelerate FDA s review and approval of new drugs and biological products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new biological product candidates are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a fast track product candidate has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once a BLA is submitted, the application may be eligible for priority review. For a fast track product candidate, the FDA may consider sections of the BLA for review on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. A fast track designated product candidate may also qualify for priority review, under which the FDA sets the target date for FDA action on the BLA at six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. 
 A product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for breakthrough therapy designation to expedite its development and review. A product candidate can receive breakthrough therapy designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the fast track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate, including involvement of senior managers. 
 In 2017, the FDA established the regenerative medicine advanced therapy RMAT designation as part of its implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act. The RMAT designation program is intended to fulfill the 21st Century Cures Act requirement that the FDA facilitate an efficient development program for, and expedite review of, any drug or biologic that meets the following criteria: (i) the drug or biologic qualifies as a RMAT, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (ii) the drug or biologic is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (iii) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. RMAT designation provides all the benefits of breakthrough therapy designation, including more frequent meetings with the FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate and eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Product candidates granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of clinical trial sites, including through expansion of trials to additional sites. 
 34 

Any marketing application for a drug or biologic submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product candidate with a fast track designation, RMAT designation and/or breakthrough therapy designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval process, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product candidate is eligible for priority review if it is designed to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness compared to available alternatives for such disease or condition. For original BLAs, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (as compared to ten months under standard review). Under the accelerated approval program, the FDA may approve a BLA on the basis of either a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Post-marketing studies or completion of ongoing studies after marketing approval are generally required to verify the biologic s clinical benefit in relationship to the surrogate endpoint or ultimate outcome in relationship to the clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. FDA may withdraw approval of a biologic or indication approved under accelerated approval on an expedited basis if, for example, the sponsor fails to conduct required post-marketing trials in a timely manner or if such trials fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. 
 Fast Track designation, priority review, accelerated approval, RMAT designation and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product candidate qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a disease or condition with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 individuals in the United States and when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug or biologic in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan drug exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA application user fee. 
 A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or, as noted above, if the second applicant demonstrates that its product is clinically superior to the approved product with orphan exclusivity or the manufacturer of the approved product is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or 
 35 

condition. We have obtained orphan drug designation for 4D-110 for the treatment of Choroideremia and for 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease, and we plan to seek additional orphan drug designations for some or all of our product candidates in specific orphan indications in which there is a medically plausible basis for the use of these products. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Biologics are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual program fees for any marketed products. Biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters, or untitled letters; 

clinical holds on clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products 
 36 

for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Biosimilars and Exclusivity 
 The Affordable Care Act, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called the BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study(ies). Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 A biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 Other Healthcare Laws 
 Pharmaceutical companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business. Such laws include, without limitation, U.S. federal and state anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, pricing reporting, and transparency laws and regulations with respect to payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare professionals, as well as similar foreign laws in the jurisdictions outside the U.S. Violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply may result in significant penalties, including, without limitation, administrative civil and criminal penalties, damages, disgorgement fines, additional reporting requirements and oversight obligations, contractual damages, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, and imprisonment. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). 
 37 

Data Privacy and Security Laws 
 Pharmaceutical companies may be subject to domestic and foreign privacy, security and data breach notification laws, which are rapidly evolving in many jurisdictions worldwide. In the United States, federal and state health information laws may govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related data. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to make compliance efforts more challenging, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 In the normal course of business, we may collect and store personal information and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business information, trade secrets, intellectual property, information regarding trial participants in connection with clinical trials, sensitive third-party information and employee information. To protect this information, our existing cybersecurity policies require monitoring and detection programs, network security measures, encryption of critical data, and security assessment of suppliers. We maintain various protections designed to safeguard against cyberattacks, including firewalls, virus detection software, authentication tools, supplier cyber risk assessments and ongoing awareness training. We have established and test our incident response plan and we protect against business interruptions by backing up our key systems. In addition, we periodically scan our environment for any vulnerabilities, perform penetration testing and engage third parties to assess the effectiveness of our data security practices. A third party security partner conducts regular network security reviews, scans, and assessments. In addition, we maintain insurance that includes cybersecurity coverage. 
 Our cybersecurity program is led by our Vice President of IT and Senior Director of IT Operations and Security. The program incorporates industry-standard frameworks, policies and practices designed to protect the privacy and security of our sensitive information. Our cybersecurity team reports to the Audit Committee quarterly on information security and cybersecurity matters, or as needed. Our Audit Committee, which is comprised of several members from our Board of Directors, has oversight responsibility for our data security practices and we believe the committee has the requisite skills and visibility into the design and operation of our data security practices to fulfill this responsibility effectively. 
 Despite the implementation of our cybersecurity program, our security measures cannot guarantee that a significant cyberattack will not occur. A successful attack on our information technology systems could have significant consequences to the business. While we devote resources to our security measures to protect our systems and information, these measures cannot provide absolute security. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations for additional information about the risks to our business associated with a breach or compromise to our information technology systems. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Sales of any pharmaceutical product depend, in part, on the extent to which such product will be covered by third-party payors, such as federal, state and foreign government healthcare programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations, and the level of reimbursement for such product by third-party payors. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any newly approved product, particularly for genetic medicine products where the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS and other third-party payors in the United States have not yet established a uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement. Decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular product does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. As a result, the coverage determination process can require manufacturers to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of a product to each payor separately and can be a time-consuming process, with no assurance 
 38 

that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. For products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment or procedure in which the product is used may not be available, which may impact physician utilization. 
 In addition, third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for pharmaceutical products and services. The U.S. government and state legislatures have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost effectiveness of pharmaceutical products, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit sales of any product. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for the product. 
 In international markets, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of us placing the medicinal product on the market. Pharmaceutical products may face competition from lower-priced products in foreign countries that have placed price controls on pharmaceutical products and may also compete with imported foreign products. Furthermore, there is no assurance that a product will be considered medically reasonable and necessary for a specific indication, will be considered cost-effective by third-party payors, that an adequate level of reimbursement will be established even if coverage is available, or that the third-party payors reimbursement policies will not adversely affect the ability for manufacturers to sell products profitably. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively the ACA was signed into law, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers in the United States. The ACA contains a number of provisions, including those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement adjustments and fraud and abuse changes. Additionally, the ACA increased the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 ; required collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; imposed a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell certain branded prescription drugs to specified federal government programs, implemented a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected; expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; created a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and established a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through 
 39 

the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted, including aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers, which will remain in effect through 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, absent additional Congressional action. In addition, on March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price beginning January 1, 2024. 
 Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted legislation designed, among other things, to bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated. 
 Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, mechanisms to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third-party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 140 full-time employees. Of these employees, 104 are engaged in research and development and 39 hold M.D. or Ph.D. degrees. Our employees are not represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Our human resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, developing, managing, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants, and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 
 Facilities 
 We lease approximately 59,000 square feet of office and laboratory space in Emeryville, California under leases agreements that expire in July 2024 and December 2029. We believe that our facilities are 
 40 

adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable additional alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms, if required. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were formed on September 12, 2013 as a Delaware limited liability corporation under the name 4D Molecular Therapeutics, LLC. On March 11, 2015, 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation. On March 20, 2015, 4D Molecular Therapeutics, LLC merged with 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc., with 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. being the surviving entity. Our principal executive offices are located at 5858 Horton Street #455, Emeryville, California 94608, and our telephone number is (510) 505-2680. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.4dmoleculartherapeutics.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act are also available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 
 41 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our financial statements and the related notes and the section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue and future prospects could be seriously harmed. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being seriously harmed in these risk factors and elsewhere will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and stock price. If our business is seriously harmed, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our ability to implement our business strategy is subject to numerous risks that you should be aware of before making an investment decision. The following is a summary of the principal risks that could seriously harm our business, all of which are more fully described below. This summary should be read in conjunction with the other risk factors included in this Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. 
 We are in the early stages of drug development and have a very limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 

We have had recurring net losses, and we expect to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. 

We will require substantial additional capital to finance our operations. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of our research and drug development programs or future commercialization efforts. 

All of our product candidates are based on a novel AAV genetic medicine technology with which there is limited regulatory and clinical experience to date, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. Further, the regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied therapeutic modalities. 

Gene therapies are novel, complex and difficult to manufacture. We could experience production problems that result in delays in our development or commercialization programs, limit the supply of our products or otherwise seriously harm our business. 

Adverse public perception or regulatory scrutiny of genetic medicine technology may negatively impact the developmental progress or commercial success of products that we develop alone or with collaborators. 

Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 

The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, expensive, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be substantially harmed. 

42 

Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, research or commercial partners or collaborators and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 

Our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 

Our rights to develop and commercialize our product candidates are subject in part to the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others, and the patent protection, prosecution and enforcement for some of our product candidates may be dependent on our licensors. 

Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 We are in the early stages of drug development and have a very limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 
 We are a clinical-stage genetic medicine company pioneering the development of product candidates using our targeted and evolved AAV vectors. We commenced operations in September 2013, have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any product revenue. Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. If our product candidates are not successfully developed and approved, we may never generate any product revenue. To date, we have not completed any clinical trials (including any pivotal clinical trial), obtained marketing approval for any product candidates, manufactured commercial scale quantities of any of our product candidates or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Our limited operating history as a company and early stage of drug development make any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will be seriously harmed. 
 We have had recurring net losses, and we expect to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We have incurred recurring net losses, including net losses of 107.5 million and 71.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 314.5 million. 
 We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources and efforts on research and development activities, including for our product candidates and our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales for several years, if at all. We continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the level of our future expenditures and our ability to generate revenue. Moreover, our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 
 progress our current and any future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development; 

experience delays in our preclinical studies and clinical trials, whether current or planned, due to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, or other factors; 

43 

expand our manufacturing facilities and work with our contract manufacturers to scale up the manufacturing processes for our product candidates; 

continue our research and discovery activities; 

continue the development of our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform; 

initiate and conduct additional preclinical, clinical or other studies for our product candidates; 

change or add additional contract manufacturers or suppliers; 

seek regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for our product candidates; 

establish sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we obtain approval; 

acquire or in-license product candidates, intellectual property and technologies; 

make milestone, royalty or other payments due under any current or future collaboration or license agreements; 

obtain, maintain, expand, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio; 

attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; 

experience any delays or encounter other issues related to our operations; 

meet the requirements and demands of being a public company; 

are adversely impacted by general economic conditions, such as rising inflation and increased interest rates; 

defend against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to our products; and 

address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may exacerbate the magnitude of the factors discussed above. 

Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders deficit and working capital. In any particular quarter or quarters, our operating results could be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 We will require substantial additional capital to finance our operations. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of our research and drug development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 Developing biopharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is a very time consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. Our operations have required substantial amounts of cash since inception. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and to a lesser extent from cash received pursuant to our collaboration and license agreements. We have initiated clinical trials, which are ongoing, and have additional product candidates in preclinical development that may enter clinical development. Developing our product candidates is expensive, and we expect to continue to spend substantial amounts as we fund our early stage research projects, continue preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates and, in particular, advance our product candidates through clinical trials. Even if we are successful in developing our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approvals and launching and commercializing any product candidate will require substantial funding. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 218.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 44 

Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will allow us to fund our planned operations for at least one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Additional funds may not be available when we need them, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted if global economic conditions continue to worsen or if the COVID-19 pandemic, including the spread of any variant thereof, causes new disruptions and volatility to credit and financial markets and to product supply chains. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to: 
 delay, limit, reduce or terminate preclinical studies, clinical trials or other research and development activities or eliminate one or more of our development programs altogether; or 

delay, limit, reduce or terminate our efforts to establish manufacturing and sales and marketing capabilities or other activities that may be necessary to commercialize our product candidates, or reduce our flexibility in developing or maintaining our sales and marketing strategy. 

We also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborators or others that may require us to relinquish rights to, or jointly own some aspects of, our product candidates or technologies that we would otherwise pursue on our own. We do not expect to realize revenue from sales of products or royalties from licensed products in the foreseeable future, if at all, and unless and until a product candidate is clinically tested, approved for commercialization and successfully marketed. 
 We will be required to seek additional funding in the future and currently intend to do so through collaborations, public or private equity offerings or debt financings, credit or loan facilities or a combination of one or more of these funding sources. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Additional funds may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will suffer dilution, and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. In addition, as a condition to providing additional funds to us, future investors may demand, and may be granted, rights superior to those of existing stockholders. Debt financing, if available, is likely to involve restrictive covenants limiting our flexibility in conducting future business activities, and, in the event of insolvency, debt holders would be repaid before holders of our equity securities received any distribution of our corporate assets. 
 If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or one or more of our other research and development initiatives. Any of the above events could seriously harm our business and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our product candidates, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. Moreover, we may expend our limited resources on product candidates that do not yield a successful product and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our product candidates, in particular our product candidates in IND-enabling studies and those in clinical trials, we must decide which product candidates and indications to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management and financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of any viable commercial product and may divert resources away from better opportunities. Similarly, our potential decisions to delay, terminate or collaborate with third parties in respect of certain product candidates may subsequently also prove to be less than optimal and could cause us to miss valuable opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our product candidates or misread trends in the biopharmaceutical industry, in particular for ophthalmology, 
 45 

cardiology and pulmonology diseases, our business could be seriously harmed. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 
 The amount of our future losses is uncertain and our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: 
 the timing and success or failure of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates or competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or collaboration partners; 

the timing and cost of, and level of investment in research, development and commercialization activities, which may change from time to time; 

the timing of receipt of approvals from regulatory authorities in the United States and internationally; 

the timing and status of enrollment and safety and efficacy readouts for our clinical trials; 

the cost of manufacturing, as well as building out our supply chain, which may vary depending on the quantity of production, the cost of continuing to establish and scale up our internal manufacturing capabilities, and the terms of any agreements we enter into with third-party suppliers; 

timing and amount of any option, milestone, royalty or other payments due under any current or future collaboration or license agreement; 

coverage and reimbursement policies with respect to our genetic medicine product candidates and potential future drugs that compete with our products, if approved; 

expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional products and technologies; 

the level of demand for our genetic medicine products, if approved, which may vary significantly over time; 

future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and 

the impact from general macroeconomic trends, such as higher inflation and increased interest rates. 

For example, most of our collaboration and license revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 was from Roche. However, Roche terminated its collaboration and license agreement with us effective September 16, 2021. The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below or if operating expenses 
 46 

or other costs are higher than the expectations of analysts or investors or below or above, as the case may be, any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated revenue or earnings guidance we may provide. 
 Risks Related to the Research, Discovery, Development and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 All of our product candidates are based on a novel AAV genetic medicine technology with which there is limited regulatory and clinical experience to date, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. Further, the regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied therapeutic modalities. 
 All of our product candidates are based on genetic medicine technology, and our future success depends on the successful development of this novel therapeutic approach. We cannot assure you that any development problems we or other genetic medicine companies experience in the future related to genetic medicine technology will not cause significant delays or unanticipated costs in the development of our product candidates, or that such development problems can be solved. In addition, the clinical study requirements of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and other regulatory agencies and the criteria these regulators use to determine the safety and efficacy of a product candidate vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of the potential products. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied therapeutic modalities. Further, as we are developing novel treatments for diseases in which there is limited clinical experience with new endpoints and methodologies, there is heightened risk that the FDA, European Medicines Agency EMA or comparable foreign regulatory bodies may not consider the clinical trial endpoints to provide clinically meaningful results, and the resulting clinical data and results may be more difficult to analyze. To date, few genetic medicine products have been approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, which makes it difficult to determine how long it will take or how much it will cost to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates in the United States, the European Union or other jurisdictions. Further, approvals by one regulatory agency may not be indicative of what other regulatory agencies may require for approval. 
 Regulatory requirements governing genetic medicine products have evolved and may continue to change in the future. For example, the FDA has established the Office of Therapeutic Products within its Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research CBER to consolidate the review of genetic medicine and related products, and the Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies Advisory Committee to advise CBER on its review. These and other regulatory review agencies, committees and advisory groups and the requirements and guidelines they promulgate may lengthen the regulatory review process, require us to perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization of these treatment candidates or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. 
 The National Institutes of Health NIH Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant DNA Molecules NIH Guidelines require supervision of human gene transfer trials, including evaluation and assessment by an Institutional Biosafety Committee IBC ), a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees research utilizing recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecules at that institution. The IBC assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to the public health or the environment, and such review may result in some delay before initiation of a clinical trial. While the NIH Guidelines are not mandatory unless the research in question is being conducted at or sponsored by institutions receiving NIH funding of recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecule research, many companies and other institutions not otherwise subject to the NIH Guidelines voluntarily follow them. 
 47 

We are subject to significant regulatory oversight by the FDA, and, in addition, the applicable IBC and Institutional Review Board IRB ), of each institution at which we or our collaborators conduct clinical trials of our product candidates, or a central IRB if appropriate, need to review and approve the proposed clinical trial. 
 Similarly, the EMA governs the development of gene therapies in the European Union and may issue new guidelines concerning the development and marketing authorization for genetic medicine products and require that we comply with these new guidelines. 
 Changes in applicable regulatory guidelines may lengthen the regulatory review process, require us to perform additional studies or trials, increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization of our product candidates or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. 
 As we advance our product candidates, we will be required to consult with these regulatory and advisory groups and comply with applicable guidelines. If we fail to do so, we may be required to delay or discontinue development of such product candidates. These additional processes may result in a review and approval process that is longer than we otherwise would have expected. Delays as a result of an increased or lengthier regulatory approval process or further restrictions on the development of our product candidates can be costly and could negatively impact our ability to complete clinical trials and commercialize our current and future product candidates in a timely manner, if at all and could seriously harm our business. 
 Adverse public perception or regulatory scrutiny of genetic medicine technology may negatively impact the developmental progress or commercial success of product candidates that we develop alone or with collaborators. 
 The developmental and commercial success of our current product candidates, or any that we develop alone or with collaborators in the future, will depend in part on public acceptance of the use of genetic medicine technology, including the use of AAVs, for the prevention or treatment of human diseases. Adverse public perception of gene therapies may negatively impact our ability to raise capital or enter into strategic agreements for the development of product candidates. 
 Genetic medicine remains a novel technology. The commercial success of our genetic medicine product candidates, if successfully developed and approved, may be adversely affected by claims that genetic medicine is unsafe, unethical or immoral. This may lead to unfavorable public perception and the inability of any of our product candidates to gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community. Unfavorable public perceptions may also adversely impact our or our collaborators ability to enroll clinical trials for our product candidates. Moreover, success in commercializing any product candidates that receive regulatory approval will depend upon physicians prescribing, and their patients being willing to receive, treatments that involve the use of such product candidates in lieu of, or in addition to, existing treatments with which they are already familiar and for which greater clinical data may be available. 
 Publicity of any adverse events in, or unfavorable results of, preclinical studies or clinical trials for any current or future product candidates, or with respect to the studies or trials of our competitors or of academic researchers utilizing similar technologies, even if not ultimately attributable to our technology or product candidates, could negatively influence public opinion. Negative public perception about the use of AAV technology in human therapeutics, whether related to our technology or a competitor s technology, could result in increased governmental regulation, delays in the development and commercialization of product candidates or decreased demand for the resulting products, any of which may seriously harm our business. 
 48 

Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 Adverse events or other undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 During the conduct of clinical trials, patients report changes in their health, including illnesses, injuries, and discomforts, to their study doctor. Often, it is not possible to determine whether or not the product candidate being studied caused these conditions. It is possible that as we test our product candidates in larger, longer and more extensive clinical trials, or as use of these product candidates becomes more widespread if they receive regulatory approval, illnesses, injuries, discomforts and other adverse events that were observed in previous trials, as well as conditions that did not occur or went undetected in previous trials, will be reported by patients. Less common adverse effects may not become evident until investigational products are tested in large-scale, Phase 3 clinical trials or, in some cases, after they are made available to patients on a commercial scale after approval. 
 If any serious adverse events occur, clinical trials or commercial distribution of any product candidates or products we develop alone or with collaborators could be suspended or terminated, and our business could be seriously harmed. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment and the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential liability claims. Regulatory authorities could order us or our collaborators to cease further development of, deny approval of, or require us to cease selling any product candidates or products for any or all targeted indications. If we or our collaborators elect, or are required, to delay, suspend or terminate any clinical trial or commercialization efforts, the commercial prospects of such product candidates or products may be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from them or other product candidates that we develop may be delayed or eliminated. Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects or adverse events caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including but not limited to: 
 regulatory authorities may suspend, limit or withdraw approvals of such product, or seek an injunction against its manufacture or distribution; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label including boxed warnings, or issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; 

we may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials or post-approval studies; 

we may be required to create a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), which could include a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, a communication plan for healthcare providers and/or other elements to assure safe use; 

the product may become less competitive; 

we may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of criminal penalties; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could seriously harm our business. 
 49 

Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We have no products approved for commercial sale, and we have never generated any revenue from product sales, and we may never generate product revenue or be profitable. 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. We do not anticipate generating any revenue from product sales until after we have successfully completed clinical development and received regulatory approval for the commercial sale of a product candidate, which will not occur for several years, if ever. 
 Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on many factors, including: 
 successfully completing research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 

the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in, and in the future may continue to result in delays to patient enrollment, patients discontinuing their treatment or follow up visits or changes to trial protocols; 

obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development and clinical trials; 

developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, as well as establishing and maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties that can provide adequate products and services to support clinical activities and any commercial demand for our product candidates; 

identifying, assessing, acquiring and/or developing new product candidates; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; 

the prevalence, duration and severity of potential side effects or other safety issues experienced with our product candidates or future approved products, if any; 

launching and successfully commercializing product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval, either by collaborating with a partner or, if launched independently, by establishing a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure; 

obtaining and maintaining an adequate price for our product candidates, both in the United States and in foreign countries where our product candidates are commercialized; 

obtaining adequate reimbursement for our product candidates or procedures using our product candidates from payors; 

the convenience and durability of our treatment or dosing regimen; 

acceptance by physicians, payors and patients of the benefits, safety and efficacy of our product candidates, or any future product candidates, if approved, including relative to alternative and competing treatments; 

patient demand for any of our product candidates that may be approved; 

addressing any competing technological and market developments; 

maintaining, protecting, expanding and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; and 

attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of our expenses, or when we will be able to generate any meaningful revenue or achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if we are required by the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies, to perform studies in addition to 
 50 

those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our or our collaborators clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates are approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate and ongoing compliance efforts. 
 Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable, and we will need to obtain additional funding through one or more equity or debt financings in order to continue operations. Revenue from the sale of any product candidate for which regulatory approval is obtained will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval, the accepted price for the product, the ability to get reimbursement at any price and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. If the number of addressable patients is not as large as we anticipate, the indication approved by regulatory authorities is narrower than we expect, the reasonably accepted population for treatment is narrowed by competition, physician choice or treatment guidelines or the price and available third-party reimbursement are lower than anticipated, we may not generate significant revenue from sales of such product candidate, even if approved. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our pipeline of product candidates or continue our operations and cause a decline in the value of our common stock, all or any of which may seriously harm our business. 
 Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks have affected and could continue to seriously and adversely affect our preclinical and clinical trials, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, shelter in place orders and other public health guidance measures were implemented, and may be implemented again to the extent eased, across much of the United States and Europe, including in the locations of our offices, clinical trial sites, key vendors and partners. We expect that our clinical development program timelines will be negatively affected by COVID-19, which could seriously harm our business. Further, in response to COVID-19 health guidance measures and concerns, we have implemented a work-from-home policy for all staff members excluding those working in certain laboratory and manufacturing functions and those necessary to maintain minimum basic operations. Our increased reliance on personnel working from home may negatively impact productivity, or disrupt, delay or otherwise seriously harm our business. For example, with our personnel working from home, some of our research activities that require our personnel to be in our laboratories will be delayed. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar pandemics, and related shelter in place orders and other public health guidance measures, we have, and may in the future, experience disruptions that could seriously harm our business. Disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic that have and may in the future impact our business include, but are not limited to: 
 delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 

delays or difficulties in initiating or expanding clinical trials, including delays or difficulties with clinical site initiation and recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 

increased rates of patients withdrawing from our clinical trials following enrollment as a result of contracting COVID-19 or other health conditions or being forced to quarantine; 

interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring and efficacy, safety and translational data collection, processing and analyses, due to limitations imposed on travel; 

recommendations by federal, state or local governments, employers and others or interruptions of clinical trial subject visits, which may impact the collection and integrity of subject data and clinical trial endpoints; 

51 

diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 

delays or disruptions in preclinical experiments and IND-enabling studies due to restrictions of on-site staff and unforeseen circumstances at CROs and vendors; 

interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies; 

interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing shortages, raw materials shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems; 

delays in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 

limitations on employee or other resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trials and preclinical work, including because of sickness of employees or their families, the desire of employees to avoid travel or contact with large groups of people, an increased reliance on working from home, school closures or mass transit disruptions; 

changes in regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical trials are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue such clinical trials altogether; 

delays in necessary interactions with regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government or contractor personnel; and 

refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies outside the United States. 

These and other factors arising from the COVID-19 pandemic could worsen in countries that are already afflicted with COVID-19, could continue to spread to additional countries or could return to countries where the pandemic has been partially contained, each of which could further adversely impact our ability to conduct clinical trials and our business generally, and could seriously harm our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve, including the spread of new variants that have proven to be more contagious and deadly. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may affect our clinical trials, business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments (such as the prevalence of new variants, difficulties in the vaccine rollout or reluctance of individuals to get inoculated), which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Future developments in these and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our clinical trials, business, financial condition and results of operations and could seriously harm our business. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials or may not be able to conduct or complete our clinical trials on the timelines we expect, if at all. 
 Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming, and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be initiated or conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. We also cannot be sure that submission of an IND or a clinical trial application CTA will result in the FDA or other regulatory authority, as applicable, allowing clinical trials to begin in a timely manner, if at all. Moreover, even if these trials begin, issues may arise that could delay, suspend or terminate such clinical trials. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing, and our future clinical trials may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely initiation or completion of clinical trials include: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; 

52 

delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design or implementation of the clinical trials; 

adverse impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic as further described elsewhere in these risk factors; 

delays or failure in obtaining regulatory authorization to commence a trial; 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in geographies outside the United States; 

delays in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

delays in identifying, recruiting, and enrolling patients who meet the requirements of our clinical trials; 

delays in obtaining required IRB approval at each clinical trial site; 

delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials or the inability to do any of the foregoing; 

insufficient or inadequate supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for use in clinical trials, or delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing or controlling a manufacturing process suitable for clinical trials; 

imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons, including after review of an IND or amendment, CTA or amendment, or equivalent foreign application or amendment; as a result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable risk to clinical trial participants; or a negative finding from an inspection of our clinical trial operations or study sites; 

developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raise FDA or foreign regulatory authority concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly; or if the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

delays caused by patients withdrawing from clinical trials or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 

difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 

failure by our CROs, other third parties, or us to adhere to clinical trial protocols; 

failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s good clinical practice requirements GCP or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 

occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 

changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 

clinical trials of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon development of such product candidates; 

53 

transfer of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a contract CMO or by us, and delays or failure by our CMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process; 

third parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us; and 

adverse public perception or regulatory scrutiny of genetic medicine technology may negatively impact the developmental progress or commercial success of products that we develop alone or with collaborators. 

In addition, disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the likelihood that we encounter such difficulties or delays in initiating, enrolling, conducting or completing our planned and ongoing clinical trials. 
 Patient enrollment, a determinative factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors including the severity of and difficulty of diagnosing the disease under investigation, knowledge of the disease in the medical community and availability of effective diagnostic methods, size and distribution of the patient population and process for identifying subjects, access of patients to medical professionals experienced in their disease, our ability to effectively disseminate information about our clinical trials to the patient population and access of patients to such information, eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial in question, design of the trial protocol, availability, efficacy of, and our ability to compete with approved and standard of care therapies or other clinical trials for the disease or condition under investigation, perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under trial or testing, availability of genetic testing for potential patients, efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials, patient referral practices of physicians, ability to obtain and maintain subject consent, the risk that enrolled subjects will drop out before completion of the trial, the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment, the time and financial commitments required of patients to enroll in our trials beyond the costs covered by the company, and the proximity and availability of and access to clinical trial sites for prospective patients. Furthermore, we rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials, and while we have agreements governing their committed activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance. 
 Any inability to successfully initiate or complete clinical trials could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may be required, or we may elect to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may seriously harm our business. 
 We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the data safety monitoring board for such trial or by the FDA or any other regulatory authority, or if the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted suspend or terminate the participation of their clinical investigators and sites subject to their review. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 
 Delays in the completion of any clinical trial of our product candidates will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and delay or potentially jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates and could seriously harm our business. 
 54 

The limited number of patients who have the diseases for which our product candidates are being studied may make it more difficult for us to enroll or complete clinical trials or may result in findings in our clinical trials that do not reach levels of statistical significance sufficient for marketing approval. 
 Many of the conditions for which we plan to evaluate our current product candidates in clinical trials are rare genetic diseases. Accordingly, there are limited patient pools from which to draw for clinical trials. In addition to the rarity of these diseases, the eligibility criteria of our clinical trials will further limit the pool of available study participants as we will require that patients have specific characteristics that we can measure to assure their disease is either severe enough or not too advanced to include them in a trial. We or our collaborators may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials on a timely basis or at all for any of our product candidates if we or our collaborators are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in the trials as required by applicable regulations or as needed to provide appropriate statistical power for a given trial. Similarly, because many of the conditions we intend to treat are rare in nature, we plan to design and conduct clinical trials utilizing a small number of patients in order to evaluate the safety and therapeutic activity of our product candidates. Conducting trials in smaller subject populations increases the risk that any safety or efficacy issues observed in only a few patients could prevent such trials from reaching statistical significance or otherwise meeting their specified endpoints, which could require us to conduct additional clinical trials, or delay or prevent our product candidates from receiving regulatory approval, which would seriously harm our business. 
 Research and development of biopharmaceutical products is inherently risky. We cannot give any assurance that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized or if they will ever be successfully commercialized. 
 We are at an early stage of development of our product candidates. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize our product candidates, and we may fail to do so for many reasons, including the following: 
 our product candidates may not successfully complete preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

delays in our clinical development plans due to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

a product candidate may on further study be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

our competitors may develop therapeutics that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 

our competitors may develop platform technologies that render our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology obsolete or less attractive; 

the product candidates and Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology that we develop may not be sufficiently covered by intellectual property for which we hold exclusive rights or may be covered by third-party patents or other intellectual property or exclusive rights; 

the market for a product candidate may change so that the continued development of that product candidate is no longer reasonable or commercially attractive; 

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; 

if a product candidate obtains regulatory approval, we may be unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities, or successfully market such approved product candidate; and 

a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors. 

If any of these events occur, we or our collaborators may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a product candidate or candidates, which would seriously harm our business. Failure of a product 
 55 

candidate may occur at any stage of preclinical or clinical development, and, because our product candidates and our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology are in an early stage of development, there is a relatively higher risk of failure, and we may never succeed in developing marketable products or generating product revenue. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to further develop our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology and current product candidates. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Each of our product candidates is in the early stages of development and will require significant additional clinical development, management of preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval, adequate manufacturing supply, a commercial organization, and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenue from product sales, if at all. Any clinical trials that we may conduct may not demonstrate the efficacy and safety necessary to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates. If the results of our ongoing or future clinical trials are inconclusive with respect to the efficacy of our product candidates or if we do not meet the clinical endpoints with statistical significance or if there are safety concerns or adverse events associated with our product candidates, we may be prevented or delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates. 
 If any of our product candidates successfully completes clinical trials, we generally plan to seek regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States, the European Union, and in additional foreign countries where we believe there is a viable commercial opportunity. We have never commenced, compiled or submitted an application seeking regulatory approval to market any product candidate. We may never receive regulatory approval to market any product candidates even if such product candidates successfully complete clinical trials, which would seriously harm our business. To obtain regulatory approval in countries outside the United States, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such other countries regarding safety, efficacy, purity, potency, chemistry, manufacturing and controls, clinical trials, commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our product candidates. We may also rely on our collaborators or collaboration partners to conduct the required activities to support an application for regulatory approval, and to seek approval, for one or more of our product candidates. We cannot be sure that our collaborators or collaboration partners will conduct these activities successfully or do so within the timeframe we desire. Even if we (or our collaborators or collaboration partners) are successful in obtaining approval in one jurisdiction, we cannot ensure that we will obtain approval in any other jurisdictions. Failure to obtain approval for our product candidates in multiple jurisdictions will seriously harm our business. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, we cannot assure you that any such product candidate will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or more effective than other commercially available alternatives. Any approval we may obtain could be for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired or may require labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings. We may also be required to perform additional or unanticipated clinical trials to obtain approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements to maintain approval. In addition, regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of a product or impose restrictions on its distribution, such as in the form of a REMS. The failure to obtain timely regulatory approval of product candidates, any product marketing limitations or a product withdrawal would seriously harm our business. 
 Investment in biopharmaceutical product development involves significant risk that any product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval, and become commercially viable. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of our product candidates through the development process or, if approved, successfully commercialize any of our product candidates. 
 56 

Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could seriously harm our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and/or approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, the FDA s ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs and biologics to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. 
 Separately, in response to the COVID-19, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. Even though the FDA has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities to ensure the safety of its employees and those of the firms it regulates as it adapts to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional delays. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we or our collaborators must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Further, because our product candidates are subject to regulation as biological drug products, we will need to demonstrate that they are safe, pure, and potent for use in their target indications. Each product candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended use. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of early-stage or later-stage clinical trials, and results of early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. The results of clinical trials in one set of patients or disease indications may not be predictive of those obtained in another. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most product candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. 
 57 

We have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support marketing approval. We cannot be certain that our ongoing and planned clinical trials or any other future clinical trials will be successful. Additionally, any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of our product candidates in those and other indications, which could seriously harm our business. 
 In addition, even if such clinical trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for any of our product candidates, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use of our product candidate, which may also limit its commercial potential. 
 Interim, top-line and preliminary data from studies or trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we publicly disclose top-line or preliminary data from preclinical studies and clinical trials, which are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the top-line or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary or top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, top-line and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 
 From time to time, we also disclose interim data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between preliminary, top-line or interim data and final data could seriously harm our business. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. Any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant by you or others with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product candidate or our business. If the top-line data that we report differ from final results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, product candidates may be harmed, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates or to develop commercially successful products. If we fail to successfully identify and develop additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 One of our strategies is to identify and pursue preclinical and clinical development and commercialization of additional product candidates through our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology. Our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology may not produce a pipeline of viable 
 58 

product candidates, or our competitors may develop platform technologies that render our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology obsolete or less attractive. Our research methodology may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates or our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make them unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. Identifying, developing and obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing additional product candidates will require substantial funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. If we are unable to successfully identify, acquire, develop and commercialize additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. 
 The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. We may face competition with respect to any product candidates that we seek to develop or commercialize in the future from major pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization. 
 There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that are currently pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the indications for which we have product candidates, including XLRP, choroideremia, Fabry disease, wet AMD, and cystic fibrosis lung disease. Certain of our competitors have commercially approved products for the treatment of the diseases that we are pursuing or may pursue in the future, including Biogen, Roche, Sanofi, Takeda and Vertex. These drugs are well established therapies and are widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors, which may make it difficult to convince these parties to switch to our product candidates. Companies that we are aware are developing therapeutics in the ophthalmology, cardiology and pulmonology disease areas include large companies with significant financial resources, such as Allergan, Biogen, Novartis, Pfizer, Regeneron, Roche, Sanofi, Takeda and Vertex, and biopharmaceutical companies such as Adverum, Amicus, Kodiak Sciences, Krystal, REGENXBIO, Sangamo, and Spirovant. In addition to competition from other companies targeting ophthalmology, pulmonology, and cardiology any products we may develop may also face competition from other types of therapies, such as gene-editing therapies and drug delivery devices. 
 Many of our current or potential competitors, either alone or with their strategic partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our product candidates. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Furthermore, currently approved products could be discovered to have application for treatment of ophthalmology, cardiology and pulmonology indications, which could give such products significant regulatory and market timing advantages over any of our product candidates. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, EMA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours. Additionally, products or technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing against competitors any product candidates we may develop. 
 59 

If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any product candidates we may develop, we may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have no experience in the sale, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any approved product for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales, marketing and commercial support infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our collaborators for some of our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 There are risks involved with both establishing our own commercial capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force or reimbursement specialists is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing and other commercialization capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our commercialization personnel. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize any approved product on our own include: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales, marketing, reimbursement, compliance, customer service, medical affairs and other support personnel; 

our inability to recruit and build a commercial infrastructure due to the impacts of COVID-19; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future approved products; 

the inability of reimbursement professionals to negotiate arrangements for formulary access, reimbursement, and other acceptance by payors; 

the inability to price our products at a sufficient price point to ensure an adequate and attractive level of profitability; 

restricted or closed distribution channels that make it difficult to distribute our products to segments of the patient population; 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent commercialization organization. 

If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, commercial support and distribution services, our product revenue or the profitability of product revenue may be lower than if we were to market and sell any products we may develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to commercialize our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We may have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we do not establish commercialization capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates if approved and our business would be seriously harmed. 
 60 

Even if any product candidates we develop receive marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 The commercial success of any of our product candidates will depend upon its degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. Even if any product candidates we may develop receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any product candidates we may develop, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the efficacy and safety of such product candidates as demonstrated in pivotal clinical trials and published in peer-reviewed journals; 

the potential and perceived advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the ability to offer our products for sale at competitive prices; 

the ability to offer appropriate patient access programs, such as co-pay assistance; 

sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement; 

the extent to which physicians recommend our products to their patients; 

convenience and ease of dosing and administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved by FDA, EMA or other regulatory agencies; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including any limitations, contraindications or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling; 

restrictions on how the product is distributed; 

the timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; and 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

If any product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue, and we may not become profitable and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Risks Related to Manufacturing 
 Gene therapies are novel, complex and difficult to manufacture. We could experience production problems that result in delays in our development or commercialization programs, limit the supply of our products or otherwise seriously harm our business. 
 We currently have a development, manufacturing and testing agreement and cooperation agreement with Catalent to manufacture supplies of our product candidates in the future. Our product candidates require processing steps that are more complex than those required for most chemical and protein pharmaceuticals. Moreover, unlike chemical pharmaceuticals, the physical and chemical properties of a biologic such as ours generally cannot be fully characterized. As a result, assays of the finished product may not be sufficient to ensure that the product will perform in the intended manner. Accordingly, we employ multiple steps to control our manufacturing process to assure that the process works and the product candidate is made strictly and consistently in compliance with the process. Problems with the manufacturing process, even minor deviations from the normal process, could result in product defects or manufacturing 
 61 

failures that result in lot failures, product recalls, product liability claims or insufficient inventory, which could delay or prevent the initiation of clinical trials or receipt of regulatory approvals. We may encounter problems achieving adequate quantities and quality of clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, or other comparable applicable foreign standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yields and costs. 
 In addition, FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to submit samples of any lot of any approved product together with the protocols showing the results of applicable tests at any time. Under some circumstances, the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require that we not distribute a lot until the agency authorizes its release. Slight deviations in the manufacturing process, including those affecting quality attributes and stability, may result in unacceptable changes in the product that could result in lot failures or product recalls. Lot failures or product recalls could cause us to delay clinical trials or product launches which could be costly to us and otherwise seriously harm our business. 
 We also may encounter problems hiring and retaining the experienced scientific, quality control and manufacturing personnel needed to operate our manufacturing process which could result in delays in our production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 Any problems in our manufacturing process or the facilities with which we contract could make us a less attractive collaborator for potential partners, including larger pharmaceutical companies, which could limit our access to additional attractive development programs. Problems in third-party manufacturing processes or facilities also could restrict our ability to meet market demand for our products. Additionally, should our agreement with Catalent or agreements with other parties with whom we have manufacturing agreements be terminated for any reason, there are a limited number of manufacturers who would be suitable replacements, and it would take a significant amount of time to transition the manufacturing to a replacement. 
 Delays in obtaining regulatory approval of our manufacturing process or disruptions in our manufacturing process may delay or disrupt our commercialization efforts. 
 Before we can begin to commercially manufacture our product candidates in third-party or our own facilities, we must obtain regulatory approval from the FDA to market our product using the manufacturing process and facility we proposed in our marketing application. In addition, we must pass a pre-approval inspection of our manufacturing facility by the FDA before any of our product candidates can obtain marketing approval, if ever. In order to obtain approval of a BLA for our product candidates, we will need to ensure that all of our manufacturing processes, methods and equipment are compliant with cGMP, and perform extensive audits of vendors, contract laboratories and suppliers. If any of our vendors, contract laboratories or suppliers is found to be out of compliance with cGMP, we may experience delays or disruptions in manufacturing while we work with these third parties to remedy the violation or while we work to identify suitable replacement vendors. The cGMP requirements govern quality control of the manufacturing process and documentation policies and procedures. In complying with cGMP, we will be obligated to expend time, money and effort in production, record keeping and quality control to assure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory action and may not be permitted to sell any products that we may develop. 
 Delays in developing our manufacturing capabilities or failure to achieve operating efficiencies from it may require us to devote additional resources and management time to manufacturing operations and may delay our product development timelines. 
 We have recently completed the build out of approximately 17,000 square feet of laboratory and manufacturing space at our headquarters in Emeryville, California, a large portion of which we plan to devote to manufacturing activities for our clinical trials under cGMP. We may face delays in the production of clinical supply at our manufacturing facility and cannot guarantee when our facility will be able to produce sufficient quantities of product candidates needed to support our planned clinical trials. Any delays in developing our internal manufacturing capabilities, including any delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
 62 

may disrupt or delay the supply of our product candidates if we have not maintained a sufficient back-up supply of such product candidates through third-party manufacturers. Moreover, changing manufacturing facilities during the clinical development process may also require that we or our collaborators conduct additional studies, make notifications to regulatory authorities, make additional filings to regulatory authorities, and obtain regulatory authority approval for the new facilities, which may be delayed or which we may never receive. We will further need to comply with the FDA s and applicable foreign regulatory authorities cGMP requirements for the production of product candidates for clinical trials and, if approved, commercial supply, and will be subject to FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority inspection. These requirements include the qualification and validation of our manufacturing equipment and processes. We may not be able to develop or acquire the internal expertise and resources necessary for compliance with these requirements. 
 In order to develop internal manufacturing expertise, we may be forced to devote greater resources and management time than anticipated, particularly in areas relating to operations, quality, regulatory, facilities and information technology. We also may encounter problems hiring and retaining the experienced scientific, quality control and manufacturing personnel needed to operate our manufacturing processes. If we experience unanticipated employee shortage or turnover in any of these areas, we may not be able to effectively manage our ongoing manufacturing operations and we may not achieve the operating efficiencies that we anticipate from developing these capabilities, which may negatively affect our product development timeline or result in difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Any such problems could result in the delay, prevention or impairment of clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates and would seriously harm our business. 
 We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct product manufacturing for certain of our product candidates, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 
 Although we are in process of expanding internal manufacturing capabilities, we currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of some of our preclinical study and planned clinical trial materials and, therefore, we can control only certain aspects of their activities. The facilities used by us and our contract manufacturers to manufacture certain of our product candidates must be reviewed by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit our BLA to the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with the cGMP for manufacture of our products. If we or our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, we will not be able to obtain and/or maintain regulatory approval for our products as manufactured at their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 
 In addition, we rely on additional third parties to manufacture plasmids used in the manufacture of our product candidates and to perform quality testing, and reliance on these third parties entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured the plasmids ourselves, including: 
 reduced control for certain aspects of manufacturing activities; 

termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing and service agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; and 

disruptions to the operations of our third-party manufacturers and service providers caused by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or service provider. 

Any of these events could lead to clinical trial delays or failure to obtain regulatory approval, or impact our ability to successfully commercialize future product candidates. Some of these events could be 
 63 

the basis for FDA or European Union Member State regulatory authority action, including injunction, recall, seizure or total or partial suspension of product manufacture. 
 Any contamination in our manufacturing process, shortages of raw materials or failure of any of our key suppliers to deliver necessary components could result in delays in our research studies, preclinical, and clinical development or marketing schedules. 
 Given the nature of biologics manufacturing, there is a risk of contamination during manufacturing. Any contamination could materially harm our ability to produce product candidates on schedule and could harm our results of operations and cause reputational damage. 
 Some of the raw materials required in our manufacturing process, such as plasmids, are derived from biologic sources. Such raw materials are difficult to procure and may be subject to contamination or recall. A material shortage, contamination, recall or restriction on the use of biologically derived substances in the manufacture of our product candidates could adversely impact or disrupt the commercial manufacturing or the production of clinical material, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We depend on third-party suppliers for key raw materials used in our manufacturing processes, and the loss of these third-party suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate raw materials could seriously harm our business. 
 We rely on third-party suppliers for the raw materials required for the production of our product candidates. Our dependence on these third-party suppliers and the challenges we may face in obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials involve several risks, including limited control over pricing, availability, quality and delivery schedules. As a small company, our negotiation leverage is limited, and we are likely to get lower priority than our competitors who are larger than we are. We cannot be certain that our suppliers will continue to provide us with the quantities of these raw materials that we require or satisfy our anticipated specifications and quality requirements. Any interruption in supply of raw materials could materially harm our ability to manufacture our product candidates until a new source of supply, if any, could be identified and qualified. We may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supplier in a reasonable time or on commercially reasonable terms. Any performance failure on the part of our suppliers could delay the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates, including limiting supplies necessary for clinical trials and regulatory approvals, which would seriously harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, expensive, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be seriously harmed. 
 We and any collaborators are not permitted to commercialize, market, promote or sell any product candidate in the United States without obtaining marketing approval from the FDA. Foreign regulatory authorities impose similar requirements. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, approval policies, regulations or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. We have not submitted for or obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate. We and any collaborators must complete additional preclinical or nonclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans to the satisfaction of the regulatory authorities before we will be able to obtain these approvals, and it is possible that none of 
 64 

our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, implementation or results of our or our collaborators clinical trials; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may determine that our product candidates are not safe and effective, only moderately effective or have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use of our products; 

the population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 

we or our collaborators may be unable to demonstrate to the FDA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our or our collaborators interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications, or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our or our collaborators clinical data insufficient for approval. 

This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical trials, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would seriously harm our business. 
 In addition, even if we or our collaborators were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings, or a REMS. Regulatory authorities may not approve the price we or our collaborators intend to charge for products we may develop, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could seriously harm our business. 
 We may attempt to secure approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities through the use of accelerated approval pathways. If we are unable to obtain such approval, we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials beyond those that we contemplate, which could increase the expense of obtaining, and delay the receipt of, necessary marketing approvals. Even if we receive accelerated approval from the FDA, if our confirmatory trials do not verify clinical benefit, or if we do not comply with rigorous post-marketing requirements, the FDA may seek to withdraw accelerated approval. 
 We may in the future seek an accelerated approval for one or more of our product candidates. Under the accelerated approval program, the FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product candidate 
 65 

designed to treat a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit over available therapies upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint or intermediate clinical endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA considers a clinical benefit to be a positive therapeutic effect that is clinically meaningful in the context of a given disease, such as irreversible morbidity or mortality. For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign, or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. The accelerated approval pathway may be used in cases in which the advantage of a new drug over available therapy may not be a direct therapeutic advantage but is a clinically important improvement from a patient and public health perspective. If granted, accelerated approval is usually contingent on the sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, l confirmatory studies to verify and describe the drug s clinical benefit. If such confirmatory studies fail to confirm the drug s clinical benefit, or if the sponsor fails to conduct required confirmatory studies in a timely manner, the FDA may withdraw its approval of the drug on an expedited basis. 
 Prior to seeking accelerated approval for any of our product candidates, we intend to seek feedback from the FDA and will otherwise evaluate our ability to seek and receive accelerated approval. There can be no assurance that after our evaluation of the feedback and other factors we will decide to pursue or submit a BLA for accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval. Furthermore, if we decide to submit an application for accelerated approval for any of our product candidates, there can be no assurance that such submission or application will be accepted or that any expedited development, review or approval will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. The FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities could also require us to conduct further studies prior to considering our application or granting approval of any type. A failure to obtain accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval for our product candidate would result in a longer time period to commercialization of such product candidate, if any, could increase the cost of development of such product candidate and could harm our competitive position in the marketplace. 
 Even if we or our collaborators obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our products will remain subject to regulatory scrutiny. 
 If one of our product candidates is approved, it will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post- market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any approved marketing application. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, and quality control. 
 We will have to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs and biologics are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s approved label. As such, we may not promote our products off-label for indications or uses for which they do not have approval, though we may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with our product s approved labeling. The holder of an approved application must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing clinical studies to verify the safety and efficacy of our products in general or in specific patient subsets. An unsuccessful post-marketing 
 66 

study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval or label restrictions. 
 If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, such regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things: 
 issue warning letters; 

impose civil or criminal penalties; 

suspend or withdraw regulatory approval; 

suspend any of our clinical trials; 

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us; 

impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our manufacturing facility or our contract manufacturers facilities; or 

seize or detain products, or require a product recall. 

Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, our business will be seriously harmed. 
 Moreover, the policies of the FDA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 We have received Fast Track designation for 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease, and for 4D-125 for the treatment of patients with inherited retinal dystrophies due to defects in the RPGR gene, including XLRP, and we may seek Fast Track designation for certain future product candidates. However, we may not be able to obtain such designations, and there is no guarantee that 4D-310 or 4D-125 will experience a faster regulatory review or obtain regulatory approval. 
 If a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need for this disease condition, the product sponsor may apply for Fast Track designation. The sponsor of a Fast Track product has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once a BLA is submitted, the product candidate may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. We have received Fast Track designation for 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease, and for 4D-125 for the treatment of patients with inherited retinal dystrophies due to defects in the 
 67 

RPGR gene, including XLRP and we may receive Fast Track designation for other product candidates in the future; however, we may not experience a faster development, review or approval process, and receipt of the designation does not increase the likelihood that the FDA will approve 4D-310 or 4D-125 for any indication. In addition, the FDA may rescind the Fast Track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 We have received orphan drug designation for 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia as well as 4D-125 for the treatment of patients with inherited retinal dystrophies due to defects in the RPGR gene, including XLRP, and for 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease, and we may seek orphan drug designation for certain future product candidates. However, we may be unable to obtain such designations or to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including market exclusivity, which may cause our revenue, if any, to be reduced. 
 We have received orphan drug designation in the United States for 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia and for 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease. In the European Union, we have received orphan drug designation for 4D-125 for the treatment of patients with inherited retinal dystrophies due to defects in the RPGR gene, including XLRP. Although we may seek orphan product designation for some or all of our other product candidates, we may never receive such designations. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug or biologic product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. In the European Union, the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products COMP ), grants orphan drug designation to promote the development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union. Additionally, designation is granted for products intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the European Union would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the drug or biological product or where there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment, or, if such a method exists, the medicine must be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. 
 In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and application fee waivers. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. 
 In addition, if a product receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has orphan designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same disease or condition for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity for the orphan patient population. Exclusive marketing rights in the United States may also be unavailable if we or our collaborators seek approval for a disease or condition broader than the orphan designated disease or condition and may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective. In the European Union, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity following drug or biological product approval. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 
 Even if we obtain orphan drug designation, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product candidate, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug with 
 68 

for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is safer, more effective, or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug or biologic nor gives the drug or biologic any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 
 If the product candidates that we or our collaborators may develop receive regulatory approval in the United States or another jurisdiction, they may never receive approval in other jurisdictions, which would limit market opportunities for such product candidates and seriously harm our business. 
 Approval of a product candidate in the United States by the FDA or by the requisite regulatory agencies in any other jurisdiction does not ensure approval of such product candidate by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. The approval process varies among countries and may limit our or our collaborators ability to develop, manufacture, promote and sell product candidates internationally. Failure to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions would prevent the product candidates from being marketed outside of the jurisdictions in which regulatory approvals have been received. In order to market and sell product candidates in the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we and our collaborators must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and may involve additional preclinical studies or clinical trials both before and after approval. In many countries, any product candidate for human use must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. In some cases, the intended price for such product is also subject to approval. Further, while regulatory approval of a product candidate in one country does not ensure approval in any other country, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. If we or our collaborators fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain all required marketing approvals, the target market for a particular potential product will be reduced, which would limit our ability to realize the full market potential for the product and seriously harm our business. 
 Enacted and future healthcare legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and to commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 
 In the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively the ACA was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private payors. Among the provisions of the ACA, those of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries include the following: 
 an annual, non-deductible fee payable by any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents (other than those designated as orphan drugs), which is apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; 

new requirements to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals, including reporting transfers of value made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers and reporting investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

an increase to the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and an extension the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

69 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability; 

a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and 

establishment of a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 

Since its enactment, there have been judicial, U.S. Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform measures, if any, will impact our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, led to aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws or any other similar laws introduced in the future may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other health care funding, which could negatively affect our customers and accordingly, seriously harm our business. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under government payor programs, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient assistance programs. Most recently, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures and could seriously harm our business. 
 Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient 
 70 

reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could seriously harm our business. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our product candidates or put pressure on our product pricing. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third-party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. Prescription drugs and biological products that are in violation of these requirements will be included on a public list. These reforms could reduce the ultimate demand for our product candidates or put pressure on our product pricing and could seriously harm our business. 
 In the European Union, similar political, economic and regulatory developments may affect our ability to profitably commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In addition to continuing pressure on prices and cost containment measures, legislative developments at the European Union or member state level may result in significant additional requirements or obstacles that may increase our operating costs. The delivery of healthcare in the European Union, including the establishment and operation of health services and the pricing and reimbursement of medicines, is almost exclusively a matter for national, rather than European Union, law and policy. National governments and health service providers have different priorities and approaches to the delivery of health care and the pricing and reimbursement of products in that context. In general, however, the healthcare budgetary constraints in most European Union member states have resulted in restrictions on the pricing and reimbursement of medicines by relevant health service providers. Coupled with ever-increasing European Union and national regulatory burdens on those wishing to develop and market products, this could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In markets outside of the United States and European Union, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. 
 We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or judicial action in the United States, the European Union or any other jurisdiction. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Even if we are able to commercialize any product candidates, due to unfavorable pricing regulations and/or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, we may not be able to offer such products at competitive prices which would seriously harm our business. 
 The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drugs vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if any product candidates we may develop obtain marketing approval. 
 Our ability to successfully commercialize any products that we may develop also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other organizations. Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary 
 71 

trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Government authorities currently impose mandatory discounts for certain patient groups, such as Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Affairs VA hospitals, and may seek to increase such discounts at any time. Future regulation may negatively impact the price of our products, if approved. Increasingly, other third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. For genetic medicine and other products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, that the level of reimbursement will be sufficient. 
 Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In order to get reimbursement, physicians may need to show that patients have superior treatment outcomes with our products compared to standard of care drugs, including lower-priced generic versions of standard of care drugs. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors and coverage and reimbursement levels for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time consuming and costly process that may require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale, and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products we may develop could seriously harm our business. 
 Even if we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates, we may never obtain approval or commercialize such products outside of the United States, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. 
 In order to market any products outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety and efficacy. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approvals could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and may require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials which would be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. Satisfying these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. In addition, our failure to obtain regulatory approval in any country may delay or have negative effects on the process for regulatory approval in other countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining 
 72 

regulatory approval in international markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, our ability to realize the full market potential of our products will be harmed. 
 We currently have no sales organization. If we are unable to establish sales capabilities on our own or through third parties, we may not be able to market and sell any products effectively, if approved, or generate product revenue. 
 We currently do not have a marketing or sales organization. In order to commercialize any product, if approved, in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, we must build our marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful in doing so. In advance of any of our product candidates receiving regulatory approval, we expect to establish a sales organization with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize each such product candidate, which will be expensive and time-consuming. We have no prior experience in the marketing, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products, and there are significant risks involved in building and managing a sales organization, including our ability to hire, retain, and incentivize qualified individuals, generate sufficient sales leads, provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel, and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of these products. We may choose to collaborate with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales force and distribution systems. If we are unable to enter into such arrangements on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. If we are not successful in commercializing products, either on our own or through arrangements with one or more third parties, we may not be able to generate any future product revenue and we would incur significant additional losses and our business would be seriously harmed. 
 Our business operations and current and future relationships with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors, patient organizations and customers will be subject to applicable healthcare regulatory laws, which could expose us to penalties and seriously harm our business. 
 Our business operations and current and future arrangements with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors, patient organizations and customers, may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell and distribute our product candidates, if approved. Such laws include: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or certain rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under any U.S. federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil federal False Claims Act, which can be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. Pharmaceutical manufacturers can cause false claims to be presented to the 

73 

U.S. federal government by engaging in impermissible marketing practices, such as the off-label promotion of a product for an indication for which it has not received FDA approval. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the healthcare fraud statute implemented under HIPAA or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 

the U.S. Public Health Service Act, which prohibits, among other things, the introduction into interstate commerce of a biological product unless a biologics license is in effect for that product; 

the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to CMS information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians (as defined by statute), certain other non-physician practitioners (including physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, anesthesiology assistants, and certified nurse midwives) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; and state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and 

similar healthcare laws in the European Union and other jurisdictions, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers. 

We may also be subject to additional federal laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, which prohibits, among other things, U.S. companies and their employees and agents from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to foreign government officials, employees of public international organizations and foreign government owned or affiliated entities, candidates for foreign political office, and foreign political parties or officials thereof, and federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 
 Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices, including certain of our advisory board 
 74 

arrangements with physicians, some of whom are compensated in the form of stock or stock options, do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment, which could affect our ability to operate our business. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. 
 We use and generate materials that may expose us to material liability. 
 Our research programs involve the use of hazardous materials and chemicals. We are subject to foreign, federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other matters, the use, manufacture, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and waste products such as human tissue samples that may have the potential to transmit diseases. We may incur significant costs to comply with these current or future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. In addition, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from hazardous materials and may incur material liability as a result of such contamination or injury. In the event of an accident, an injured party may seek to hold us liable for any damages that result. Any liability could exceed the limits or fall outside the coverage of our workers compensation, property and business interruption insurance and we may not be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms, if at all. We currently carry no insurance specifically covering environmental claims. 
 Compliance with governmental regulations regarding the treatment of animals used in research could increase our operating costs, which would adversely affect the commercialization of our products. 
 The Animal Welfare Act AWA is the federal law that covers the treatment of certain animals used in research. Currently, the AWA imposes a wide variety of specific regulations that govern the humane handling, care, treatment and transportation of certain animals by producers and users of research animals, most notably relating to personnel, facilities, sanitation, cage size, and feeding, watering and shipping conditions. Third parties with whom we contract are subject to registration, inspections and reporting requirements under the AWA. Furthermore, some states have their own regulations, including general anti-cruelty legislation, which establish certain standards in handling animals. Comparable rules, regulations, and or obligations exist in many foreign jurisdictions. If we or our contractors fail to comply with regulations concerning the treatment of animals used in research, we may be subject to fines and penalties and adverse publicity, and our operations could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We expect to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and some aspects of our research and preclinical testing, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research or testing. 
 We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, clinical data assessments and analysis organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators, to conduct some aspects of our research, preclinical testing and clinical trials. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us or be unable to fulfill their contractual 
 75 

obligations. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it would delay our product development activities. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities reduces our control over these activities, but does not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with GCP for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible, reproducible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. We are also required to register ongoing clinical trials and to post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database within certain timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for any product candidates we may develop and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our medicines. 
 We also expect to rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop or commercialization of our product candidates, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
 We rely on various CROs to obtain NHPs for use in vector discovery and preclinical development work. In February 2023, we were informed that Charles River Laboratories (Charles River), one of our primary suppliers of NHPs, received a subpoena from the United States Department of Justice with respect to its importation of NHPs from Cambodia. Charles River reported that it has voluntarily suspended NHP shipments from Cambodia at this time. If we are unable to secure adequate supply of NHPs from Charles River or other CROs, or the shortage of NHPs causes the price of NHPs to rise substantially, certain of our vector discovery projects and preclinical development efforts will be delayed, and the cost of conducting discovery projects and preclinical development activities may substantially increase. Such delays or cost increases could materially adversely affect our discovery and preclinical development activities and our business. 
 We may depend on collaborations with third parties for the research, development and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop. If any such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to realize the market potential of those product candidates. 
 We have sought, and may in the future seek third-party collaborators for the research, development and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop. Our likely collaborators for any other collaboration arrangements include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, regional, national and international pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and academic institutions. If we enter into any such arrangements with any third parties, we will likely have shared or limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or potential commercialization of any product candidates we may seek to develop with them. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements with commercial entities will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. We cannot predict the success of any collaboration that we enter into. 
 Collaborations involving our product candidates we may develop, pose the following risks to us: 
 collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

76 

collaborators may not properly obtain, maintain, enforce or defend intellectual property or proprietary rights relating to our product candidates or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to expose us to potential litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings, including proceedings challenging the scope, ownership, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property; 

collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our product candidates that result from our collaboration with them, and in such cases, we may not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property or such product candidates; 

disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of intellectual property developed pursuant to collaborations; 

we may need the cooperation of our collaborators to enforce or defend any intellectual property we contribute to or that arises out of our collaborations, which may not be provided to us; 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 

disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

collaborators may decide not to pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates we develop or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborator s strategic focus or available funding or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more product candidates may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product candidates; 

we may lose certain valuable rights under circumstances identified in our collaborations, including if we undergo a change of control; 

collaborators may undergo a change of control and the new owners may decide to take the collaboration in a direction which is not in our best interest; 

collaborators may become party to a business combination transaction and the continued pursuit and emphasis on our development or commercialization program by the resulting entity under our existing collaboration could be delayed, diminished or terminated; 

collaborators may become bankrupt, which may significantly delay our research or development programs, or may cause us to lose access to valuable technology, devices, materials, know-how or intellectual property of the collaborator relating to our products and product candidates; 

key personnel at our collaborators may leave, which could negatively impact our ability to productively work with our collaborators; 

collaborations may require us to incur short and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our stockholders, or disrupt our management and business; 

77 

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates or our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology; and 

collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. 

We may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborations. Recent business combinations among biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have resulted in a reduced number of potential collaborators. In addition, the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate or delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue which could seriously harm our business. 
 If we enter into collaborations to develop and potentially commercialize any product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we or our collaborator elect not to exercise the rights granted under the agreement or if we or our collaborator are unable to successfully integrate a product candidate into existing operations and company culture. In addition, if our agreement with any of our collaborators terminates, our access to technology and intellectual property licensed to us by that collaborator may be restricted or terminate entirely, which may delay our continued development of our product candidates utilizing the collaborator s technology or intellectual property or require us to stop development of those product candidates completely. We may also find it more difficult to find a suitable replacement collaborator or attract new collaborators, and our development programs may be delayed or the perception of us in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. Any collaborator may also be subject to many of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval, and commercialization described in this Risk Factors section, and any negative impact on our collaborators may adversely affect us. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret protection for our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses as well as our ability to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. We generally seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses that are important to our business. Our patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless, and until, patents issue from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover the technology. There can be no assurance that our patent applications or those of our licensors will result in additional patents being issued or that issued patents will afford sufficient protection against competitors with similar technology, nor can there be any assurance that the patents issued will not be infringed, designed around or invalidated by third parties. Even issued patents may later be found invalid or unenforceable or may be modified or revoked in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. Further, we have one granted patent (U.S. patent no. 11,136,557) and three pending patent applications (U.S. patent application nos. 16/486,681, 17/725,289 and 17,468,290), that were made with government support, that may be subject, under certain circumstances, to march-in-rights under 35 U.S.C. 203, which is a right that allows the government, in certain limited circumstances, to force a party with a license to intellectual property funded, at least in part, by the government, to grant a license to such property to another entity. U.S. patent no. 11,136,557 was made with the support of U.C. Berkeley and 
 78 

relates to our A101 vector. The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, competitors may be able to use our product candidates and proprietary technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We and our licensors have applied, and we intend to continue applying, for patents covering aspects of our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses that we deem appropriate. However, we may not be able to apply for patents on certain aspects of our current or future product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses in a timely fashion, at a reasonable cost, in all jurisdictions, or at all, and any potential patent coverage we obtain may not be sufficient to prevent substantial competition. 
 The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our actual or potential future collaborators or licensors will be successful in protecting our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process, the noncompliance with which can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, and partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction; 

patent applications may not result in any patents being issued; 

patents that may be issued or in-licensed may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; 

our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with or eliminate our ability to make, use and sell our potential product candidates; 

other parties may have designed around our claims or developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our platform, may have filed or may file patent applications and may have received or may receive patents that overlap or conflict with our patent applications, either by claiming the same methods or devices or by claiming subject matter that could dominate our patent position; 

any successful opposition to any patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the practice of our technologies or the successful commercialization of any products or product candidates that we may develop; 

because patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses; 

an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the USPTO to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our licensors' patent applications for any patent application with an effective filing date before March 16, 2013; 

there may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; and 

79 

countries other than the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing product candidates. 

The patent prosecution process is also expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants and other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. 
 The patent position of biopharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. Moreover, the issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents, if issued, patents obtained by our collaborators or the patent rights that we license from others, may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Once granted, patents may remain open to opposition, interference, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, nullification or derivation action in court or before patent offices or similar proceedings for a given period after allowance or grant, during which time third parties can raise objections against such initial grant. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical products or product candidates, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our product candidates. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Our ability to enforce our patent rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It may be difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components or methods that are used in connection with their products and services. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s product or service. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. 
 In addition, proceedings to enforce or defend our patents could put our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Such proceedings could also provoke third parties to assert claims against us, including that some or all of the claims in one or more of our patents are invalid or otherwise unenforceable. If any of our patents covering our product candidates are invalidated or found unenforceable, or if a court found that valid, enforceable patents held by third parties covered one or more of our product candidates, our competitive position could be harmed or we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce or defend our rights. If we initiate lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, or litigate against third-party claims, such proceedings would be expensive and would divert the attention of our management and technical personnel. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot ensure that: 
 any of our patents, or any of our pending patent applications, if issued, or those of our licensors, will include claims having a scope sufficient to protect our product candidates; 

any of our pending patent applications or those of our licensors may issue as patents; 

others will not or may not be able to make, use, offer to sell, or sell products that are the same as or similar to our own but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license; 

80 

we will be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates on a substantial scale, if approved, before the relevant patents that we own or license expire; 

we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions covered by each of the patents and pending patent applications that we own or license; 

we or our licensors were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

others will not develop similar or alternative technologies that do not infringe the patents we own or license; 

any of the patents we own or license will be found to ultimately be valid and enforceable; 

any patents issued to us or our licensors will provide a basis for an exclusive market for our commercially viable products or will provide us with any competitive advantages; 

a third party may not challenge the patents we own or license and, if challenged, a court would hold that such patents are valid, enforceable and infringed; 

we may develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents of others will not have an adverse effect on our business; 

our competitors do not conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have enforceable patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we will develop additional proprietary technologies or product candidates that are separately patentable; or 

our commercial activities or products will not infringe upon the patents of others. 

Where we obtain licenses from or collaborate with third parties, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from third parties, or such activities, if controlled by us, may require the input of such third parties. We may also require the cooperation of our licensors and collaborators to enforce any licensed patent rights, and such cooperation may not be provided. Therefore, these patents and patent applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Moreover, if we do obtain necessary licenses, we will likely have obligations under those licenses, and any failure to satisfy those obligations could give our licensor the right to terminate the license. Termination of a necessary license, or expiration of licensed patents or patent applications, could seriously harm our business. 
 Furthermore, our owned and in-licensed intellectual property rights may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, the research resulting in certain of our in-licensed patent rights and technology was funded in part by the U.S. government. As a result, the government may have certain rights, or march-in rights, to such patent rights and technology. When new technologies are developed with government funding, the government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any exercise by the government of such rights could seriously harm our business. 
 81 

The lives of our patents may not be sufficient to effectively protect our product candidates and business. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after its first effective non-provisional filing date. Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, are limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition. In addition, although upon issuance in the United States a patent s life can be extended based on certain delays caused by the USPTO and clinical development, this extension can be reduced or eliminated based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. If we do not have sufficient patent life to protect our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses, our business would be seriously harmed. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business would be seriously harmed. 
 We rely on the protection of our trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information to maintain our competitive position. We have taken steps to protect our trade secrets and unpatented know-how, including entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties, and confidential information and inventions agreements with employees and consultants. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Despite these efforts, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. In addition, such security measures may not provide adequate protection for our proprietary information, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee, consultant or third party with authorized access. Our security measures may not prevent an employee, consultant, collaborator or third party from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our product candidates that we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. 
 In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, third parties may still obtain this information or may come upon this or similar information independently, and we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Trade secrets will over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic to industry scientific positions. 
 Though our agreements with third parties typically restrict the ability of our employees, collaborators, licensors, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. Because from time to time we have relied on, and in future expect to rely on third parties in the development, manufacture, and distribution of our product candidates and provision of our services, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. Despite employing the contractual and other security precautions described above, the need to share trade secrets increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in 
 82 

violation of these agreements. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets, the value of this information may be greatly reduced and our competitive position would be harmed. If we do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information may be jeopardized. 
 Our rights to develop and commercialize our product candidates are subject in part to the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others, and the patent protection, prosecution and enforcement for some of our product candidates may be dependent on our licensors. 
 We currently are reliant upon licenses of certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our technology, including technology related to our product candidates. For example, we rely on our exclusive license agreements with U.C. Berkeley for certain rights with respect to the intellectual property covering certain compositions of matter and methods of use of certain AAV variants related to our 4D-710 and 4D-725 product candidates. These and other licenses we may enter into in the future may not provide adequate rights to use such intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use or in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and product candidates in the future. As a result, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our technology and product candidates in fields of use and territories for which we are not granted rights pursuant to such licenses. 
 Licenses to additional third-party technology that may be required for our development programs may not be available in the future or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, which could seriously harm our business. 
 In some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution and enforcement of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from third parties. In addition, some of our agreements with our licensors require us to obtain consent from the licensor before we can enforce patent rights, and our licensor may withhold such consent or may not provide it on a timely basis. Therefore, we cannot be certain that our licensors or collaborators will prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend such intellectual property rights in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, including by taking reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of know-how and trade secrets, or by paying all applicable prosecution and maintenance fees related to intellectual property registrations for any of our product candidates. We also cannot be certain that our licensors have drafted or prosecuted the patents and patent applications licensed to us in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which may affect the validity and enforceability of such patents or any patents that may issue from such applications. If they fail to do so, this could cause us to lose rights in any applicable intellectual property that we in-license, and as a result our ability to develop and commercialize products or product candidates may be adversely affected and we may be unable to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. 
 Our current licenses, and our future licenses likely will, impose various royalty payments, milestones, and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with any of these obligations, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license. Termination by the licensor would cause us to lose valuable rights, and could prevent us from developing and commercializing our product candidates and proprietary technologies. Our business would be seriously harmed if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents against infringing third parties, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if any current or future licenses terminate, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties may gain the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor s rights. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of royalty obligations we would be required to pay on the sales of future products, if any, the amounts may be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and 
 83 

intellectual property we use in product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize any product candidates, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 If our trademarks and trade names, whether registered in the future or unregistered now, are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Any trademarks we may register in the future or any current unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. We may license our trademarks and trade names, to the extent any are registered, to third parties, such as distributors. Though these license agreements may provide guidelines for how our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and tradenames by our licensees may jeopardize our rights in or diminish the goodwill associated with our trademarks and trade names. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could seriously harm our business. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make genetic medicine products that are similar to our product candidates or utilize similar genetic medicine technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we or our licensors or future collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we or our licensors or future collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

84 

Should any of these events occur, they could seriously harm our business. 
 Any collaboration arrangements that we may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our products. 
 Any future collaborations that we enter into may not be successful, such as our collaboration agreement with Pfizer that was terminated in 2018, with AstraZeneca that concluded in 2020 without AstraZeneca exercising its option and with Roche that was terminated without cause effective September 2021. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborations are subject to numerous risks, which may include that: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to collaborations; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on trial or test results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products and product candidates that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates; 

a collaborator with marketing, manufacturing and distribution rights to one or more products and product candidates may not commit sufficient resources to or otherwise not perform satisfactorily in carrying out these activities; 

we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability; 

disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that causes the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our current or future product candidates or that results in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

collaborations may be terminated, and, if terminated, may adversely affect the price of our common stock and may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable current or future product candidates; 

collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our product candidates that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to develop or commercialize such intellectual property; and 

a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws resulting in civil or criminal proceedings. 

Risks Related to Our Operations 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. The loss of the services provided by any of our executive officers, other key employees, and 
 85 

other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in delays in the development of our product candidates and harm our business. 
 We conduct our operations at our facilities in Emeryville, California, in a region that is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high, which may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. We expect that we may need to recruit talent from outside of our region, and doing so may be costly and difficult. 
 To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided stock option grants. The value to employees of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. In addition, our employees are employed at-will, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. If we are unable to attract, incentivize and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms, or at all, it could seriously harm our business. 
 We will need to grow the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 140 full-time employees. As our development plans and strategies develop, we must add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, financial and other personnel. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, retaining and motivating additional employees; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for our current and future product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; 

expanding our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures; and 

managing increasing operational and managerial complexity. 

Our future financial performance and our ability to continue to develop and, if approved, commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. Our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to manage these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 86 

Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. Portions of our future clinical trials may be conducted outside of the United States and unfavorable economic conditions resulting in the weakening of the U.S. dollar would make those clinical trials more costly to operate. Furthermore, a severe or prolonged economic downturn, including a recession or depression resulting from the current COVID-19 pandemic or other factors such as increased inflation or closure of or liquidity issues at financial institutions (including, for example, Silicon Valley Bank) could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our product candidates or any future product candidates, if approved, and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy or political disruption, including any international trade disputes, could also strain our manufacturers or suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our potential products. Any of the foregoing could seriously harm our business, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the political or economic climate and financial market conditions could seriously harm our business. 
 If we engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities and subject us to other risks. 
 We may engage in various acquisitions and strategic partnerships in the future, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

the issuance of our equity securities which would result in dilution to our stockholders; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property, products and product candidates of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s attention from our existing product candidates and initiatives in pursuing such an acquisition or strategic partnership; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; and 

our inability to generate revenue from acquired intellectual property, technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives or even to offset the associated transaction and maintenance costs. 

In addition, if we undertake such a transaction, we may incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. 
 Our information technology systems, or those used by our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches and other disruptions. 
 We collect and maintain information in digital form that is necessary to conduct our business, and we are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information of 
 87 

customers and our employees and contractors. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal information technology systems and those of our collaborators, future CROs and other contractors and consultants may be vulnerable to attack, damage and interruption from computer viruses and malware (e.g. ransomware), malicious code, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, denial or degradation of service attacks, unauthorized access or use, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we and our third party service providers and partners may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Our third party service providers and partners are also subject to these heightened risks. The costs to us to investigate and mitigate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and while we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and information technology systems, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service, negative publicity and other harm to our business and our competitive position. 
 We and certain of our service providers have experienced certain cyberattacks and security incidents from time to time. Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any significant system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss, corruption or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets, personal data or other proprietary or sensitive information or other similar disruptions. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. If a security breach or other incident were to result in the unauthorized access to or unauthorized use, disclosure, release or other processing of clinical trial data or personal data, it may be necessary to notify individuals, governmental authorities, supervisory bodies, the media, and other parties pursuant to privacy and security laws. Likewise, we rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for research and development of our product candidates and other third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their information technology systems could also seriously harm our business. Any security compromise affecting us, our partners or our industry, whether real or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, and lead to regulatory scrutiny. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary or personal information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed, and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. Any losses, costs or liabilities may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, any applicable insurance policies. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our business. 
 Our operations, and those of our CROs, CMOs, suppliers, and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are partly uninsured. In addition, we rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research and development of our product candidates, and 
 88 

they may be affected by government shutdowns or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our business. 
 All of our operations including our corporate headquarters are located in multiple facilities in Emeryville, California. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our corporate, development or research facilities due to fire, earthquake and other natural disaster, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized entry or other events could cause us to cease or delay development of some or all of our product candidates. Although we maintain property damage and business interruption insurance coverage on these facilities, our insurance might not cover all losses under such circumstances and our business could be seriously harmed by such delays and interruption. 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we are or may become subject to numerous state, federal and foreign laws, requirements and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and security of personal data, such as information that we may collect in connection with clinical trials in the United States and abroad. Implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we cannot yet determine the impact future laws, regulations, standards, or perception of their requirements may have on our business. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business, affect our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer use and share personal information, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to increase in the future. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulation, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing our processing of personal information could result in negative publicity, government investigations and enforcement actions, claims by third parties and damage to our reputation, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 As our operations and business grow, we may become subject to or affected by new or additional data protection laws and regulations and face increased scrutiny or attention from regulatory authorities. In the United States, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and regulations implemented thereunder (collectively, HIPAA ), imposes, among other things, certain standards on certain health care providers, health plans, and health care clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services that involve creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of such covered entities, and their covered subcontractors. We may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to significant penalties if we violate HIPAA. 
 Certain states have also adopted comparable privacy and security laws and regulations, which govern the privacy, processing and protection of health-related and other personal information. Such laws and regulations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our future customers and strategic partners. For example, California enacted the CCPA on June 28, 2018, which went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA creates individual privacy rights for California consumers and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal data. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability, and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. Further, the CPRA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, significantly amends the CCPA and imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information 
 89 

security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA, the CPRA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 In Europe, the GDPR went into effect in May 2018 and imposes strict requirements for processing the personal data of individuals within the European Economic Area EEA ). Companies that must comply with the GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of data protection requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant undertaking, whichever is greater. Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States, and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the EEA and the United States remains uncertain. For example, in July 2020, the CJEU limited how organizations could lawfully transfer personal data from the EEA to the United States by invalidating the Privacy Shield for purposes of international transfers and imposing further restrictions on use of the standard contractual clauses SCCs ). In March 2022, the US and EU announced a new regulatory regime intended to replace the invalidated regulations; however, this new EU-US Data Privacy Framework has not been implemented beyond an executive order signed by President Biden on October 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities. European court and regulatory decisions subsequent to the CJEU decision of July 2020 have taken a restrictive approach to international data transfers. As the enforcement landscape further develops, and supervisory authorities issue further guidance on and revised SCCs for - international data transfers, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines; we may have to stop using certain tools and vendors and make other operational changes; and/or it could otherwise affect the manner in which we provide our services, and could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 
 Further, from January 1, 2021, companies have had to comply with the GDPR and also the United Kingdom GDPR, or the UK GDPR, which, together with the amended UK Data Protection Act 2018, retains the GDPR in UK national law. The UK GDPR mirrors the fines under the GDPR, i.e., fines up to the greater of 20 million 17.5 million) or 4 of global turnover. As we continue to expand into other foreign countries and jurisdictions, we may be subject to additional laws and regulations that may affect how we conduct business. Failure or perceived failure to comply with the GDPR, the UK GDPR, and other countries privacy or data security-related laws, rules or regulations could result in significant regulatory penalties and fines, affect our compliance with contracts entered into with our partners, collaborators and other third-party payors, and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. 
 Although we work to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, our contractual obligations and other legal obligations, these requirements are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another or other legal obligations with which we must comply. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our employees, representatives, contractors, consultants, CROs, collaborators, or other third parties to comply with such requirements or adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, and seriously harm our business. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50-percentage-point cumulative change (by value) in the equity ownership of certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change taxable income or taxes may be limited. If 
 90 

finalized, Treasury Regulations currently proposed under Section 382 of the Code may further limit our ability to utilize our pre-change NOLs or other pre-change tax attributes if we undergo a future ownership change. We have experienced ownership changes in the past. We may also experience ownership changes as a result of any future shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are outside our control. As a result, our ability to use our NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes may be subject to limitation. We will be unable to use our NOLs or other tax attributes if we do not attain profitability sufficient to offset our available NOLs or other tax attributes prior to their expiration, to the extent subject to expiration. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may seriously harm our business. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of any of our future domestic and foreign earnings. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 
 results from, and any delays in, our clinical trials for our clinical-stage product candidates or any other future clinical development programs, including any delays related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the success of existing or new competitive products or technologies; 

commencement or termination of collaborations for our product candidates; 

failure or discontinuation of any of our product candidates; 

failure to develop our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform technology; 

results of preclinical studies, clinical trials or regulatory approvals of product candidates of our competitors, or announcements about new research programs or product candidates of our competitors; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries, including sanctions imposed by either the U.S. or foreign governments; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the commencement of litigation; 

the level of expenses related to any of the research programs or product candidates that we may develop; 

the results of our efforts to develop additional product candidates or products; 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 

sales of our common stock by us, our insiders, or other stockholders; 

91 

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our stock; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

the impact of political instability, natural disasters, war and/or events of terrorism, such as the war between Ukraine and Russia, and the corresponding tensions created from such conflict between Russia, the United States and countries in Europe as well as other countries such as China; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

general economic, industry, and market conditions; and 

the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

In recent years, the stock market in general, and the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Further, the stock market in general has been highly volatile due to the COVID-19 pandemic, macroeconomic factors such as higher inflation and increased interest rates and political uncertainty in the United States. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Since the completion of our initial public offering in December 2020, the price of our common stock has been volatile, and we expect such volatility to continue. Following periods of such volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We currently have research coverage by seven financial analysts. If one or more of these analysts should drop research coverage of us or if one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of our common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 Further, shares issued upon the exercise of stock options outstanding under our equity incentive plans, or pursuant to future awards granted under those plans, will become available for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of applicable vesting schedules and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 Moreover, holders of an aggregate of 11.6 million shares of our common stock have rights, subject to conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. 
 92 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We will seek additional capital through one or a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements. We, and indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any future offerings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Additionally, any future collaborations we enter into with third parties may provide capital in the near term but limit our potential cash flow and revenue in the future. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
 Insiders have substantial influence over us, which could limit your ability to affect the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 
 Our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of our outstanding stock and their respective affiliates beneficially own shares representing approximately 55 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company and might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, as an emerging growth company the JOBS Act allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make comparison of our financials to those of other public companies more difficult. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) December 31, 2025, (2) the last day of the year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (3) the last day of the year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of 
 93 

the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year or (4) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to continue to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including, among other things, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, presenting only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and reduced disclosure obligations. 
 We will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. We may fail to comply with the rules that apply to public companies, including Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which could result in sanctions or other penalties that would seriously harm our business. 
 We incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses as a public company, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and regulations regarding corporate governance practices. The listing requirements of the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC require that we satisfy certain corporate governance requirements relating to director independence, filing annual and interim reports, stockholder meetings, approvals and voting, soliciting proxies, conflicts of interest and a code of conduct. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. Moreover, the reporting requirements, rules and regulations have and will likely continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Any changes we make to comply with these obligations may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis, or at all. These reporting requirements, rules and regulations, coupled with the increase in potential litigation exposure associated with being a public company, could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or board committees or to serve as executive officers, or to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors and officers insurance, on acceptable terms. 
 We are subject to Section 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 and the related rules of the SEC, which generally require our management and independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404 requires an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However, for so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404. Once we are no longer an emerging growth company or, if prior to such date, we opt to no longer take advantage of the applicable exemption, we will be required to include an opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 During the course of our review and testing, we may identify deficiencies and be unable to remediate them before we must provide the required reports. Furthermore, if we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or, when required to do so, our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, which could harm our operating results, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to fall. In addition, as a public company we will be required to file accurate and timely quarterly and annual reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. In order to report our results of operations and financial statements on an accurate and timely basis, we will depend in part on CROs to provide timely and accurate notice of their costs to us. 
 94 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our Company may deem advantageous. These provisions, among other things: 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; 

eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

authorize our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval; 

provide our board of directors with the exclusive right to elect a director to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship; 

provide that our directors may be removed only for cause; 

permit stockholders to only take actions at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 

prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders; 

provide for a staggered board, which will result in only a few directors being up for re-election in each calendar year; 

require that stockholders give advance notice to nominate directors or submit proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings; 

authorize our board of directors, by a majority vote, to amend the bylaws; 

require the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock to amend many of the provisions described above; and 

limit the liability of, and provide indemnification to, our directors and officers. 

In addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 95 

In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 We will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. 

We may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law. 

We are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification. 

We will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification. 

The rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. 

We may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. Nothing in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 96 

Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision that will be contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock, and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock for the foreseeable future. Since we do not intend to pay dividends, your ability to receive a return on your investment will depend on any future appreciation in the market value of our common stock. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate or even maintain the price at which our holders have purchased it. 
 The continuation of hostilities in Ukraine may exacerbate certain risks we face. 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the global response, including the imposition of sanctions by the United States and other countries, could create or exacerbate risks facing our business. We have evaluated our operations and partner contracts, and we currently do not expect the conflict to directly have a significant effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However, if the hostilities persist, escalate or expand, risks that we have identified in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be materially increased. For example, if our supply arrangements or clinical operations are disrupted due to expanded sanctions or involvement of countries where we have operations or relationships, our business could be materially disrupted. Further, the use of cyberattacks could expand as part of the ongoing conflict, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain or enhance our cyber security measures. These and other risks are described more fully in this Risk Factors section. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Any legal proceedings or claims against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our reputation regardless of the outcome. 
 We may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as disputes or employment claims made by our current or former employees. Any litigation, whether meritorious or not, could harm our reputation, will increase our costs and may divert management s attention, time and resources, which may in turn seriously harm our business. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs and could seriously harm our business. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk when and if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may 
 97 

include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to cease commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased or interrupted demand for our products; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

loss of revenue; 

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 

the inability to commercialize any product candidate; and 

a decline in our share price. 

Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with collaborators. Our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, research or commercial partners or collaborators and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud, misconduct or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, research or commercial partners or other collaborators, including the foundations we work with, and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the laws of the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; comply with manufacturing standards we have established; comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. In particular, research, sales, marketing, education and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, educating, marketing and promotion, sales and commission, certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our 
 98 

reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws. In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could seriously harm our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 If we or any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage fail to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could seriously harm our business. 
 We and any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and permitting requirements, including those governing laboratory procedures; the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous and regulated materials and wastes; the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air and water; and employee health and safety. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third-party facilities. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, product development and manufacturing efforts. In addition, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty, and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials, assist in research and development and to manufacture our product candidates, will at times require us to share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology by in part entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s independent discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may seriously harm our business. 
 99 

We may fail to comply with any of our obligations under existing or future agreements pursuant to which we license or have otherwise acquired intellectual property rights or technology, which could result in the loss of rights or technology that are material to our business. 
 We are party to various agreements that we depend on to operate our business. Our rights to use currently licensed intellectual property, or intellectual property to be licensed in the future, are or will be subject to the continuation of and our compliance with the terms of these agreements. These agreements are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations which could lead to disputes, including but not limited to those regarding: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which our proprietary technology and product candidates infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

the sublicensing of patent and other rights; 

diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the creation or use of intellectual property by us or our counterparties, alone or jointly; 

the scope and duration of our payment obligations; 

rights upon termination of such agreement; and 

the scope and duration of exclusivity obligations of each party to the agreement. 

The resolution of any contractual interpretation dispute that may arise, if unfavorable to us, could seriously harm our business. Such resolution could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, or decrease the third party s financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. 
 If disputes over intellectual property rights that we have licensed or acquired from third parties prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current license agreements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. If we fail to comply with our obligations under current or future license agreements, these agreements may be terminated or the scope of our rights under them may be reduced and we might be unable to develop, manufacture or market any product that is licensed under these agreements. 
 Litigation or other proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to spend significant time and money and could prevent us from selling our products. 
 Our commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. However, our research, development and commercialization activities may be subject to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate patents or other intellectual property rights owned or controlled by third parties. Claims by third parties that we infringe their proprietary rights may result in liability for damages or prevent or delay our developmental and commercialization efforts. We cannot assure you that our operations do not, or will not in the future, infringe existing or future patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. 
 Third parties may have or obtain patents or other proprietary rights that could limit our ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import our product candidates and future approved products, if any, or impair our competitive position. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions, reexaminations, inter partes review 
 100 

proceedings and post-grant review proceedings before the USPTO and/or corresponding foreign patent offices. Numerous third-party U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications exist in the fields in which we are developing product candidates. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. 
 Furthermore, the scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history and can involve other factors such as expert opinion. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of claims in a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our products. Further, we may incorrectly determine that our technologies or product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates. 
 As the biotechnology industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. Our competitors in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in patent portfolios and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use and sell our product candidates. We do not always conduct independent reviews of pending patent applications of and patents issued to third parties. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are typically published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Certain U.S. patent applications that will not be filed outside the United States can remain confidential until patents issue. In addition, patent applications in the United States and elsewhere can be pending for many years before issuance, or unintentionally abandoned patents or applications can be revived. Furthermore, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our product candidates or the use of our product candidates. As such, there may be applications of others now pending or recently revived patents of which we are unaware. These applications may later result in issued patents, or the revival of previously abandoned patents, that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our product candidates. As a result, we may be unaware of third-party patents that may be infringed by commercialization of our product candidates, and cannot be certain that we were the first to file a patent application related to a product candidate or technology. Moreover, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time consuming and could: 
 result in costly litigation; 

divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 

cause development delays; 

prevent us from commercializing our product candidates until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; 

require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis; 

require us to pay damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing, which may include treble damages if we are found to have been willfully infringing such intellectual property; 

101 

require us to pay the attorney s fees and costs of litigation to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing; and/or 

require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

Although no third party has asserted a claim of patent infringement against us as of the date of this report, others may hold proprietary rights that could prevent our product candidates or any future products from being marketed. Any patent-related legal action against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to our product candidates or proprietary technologies could subject us to potential liability for damages, including treble damages if we were determined to willfully infringe, and require us to obtain a license to manufacture or market our product candidates or any future products. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be time-consuming and a substantial diversion of management and employee resources from our business. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions or that any license required under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Even if such licenses are available, we could incur substantial costs related to royalty payments for licenses obtained from third parties, which could negatively affect our gross margins, and the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us. In addition, we cannot be certain that we could redesign our product candidates or proprietary technologies to avoid infringement, if necessary, or on a cost-effective basis. Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent us from developing and commercializing our product candidates or any future products which could seriously harm our business. In addition, intellectual property litigation, regardless of its outcome, may cause negative publicity and could prohibit us from marketing or otherwise commercializing our product candidates and technology. 
 If we collaborate with third parties in the development of technology in the future, our collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability. Further, collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability. Also, we may be obligated under our agreements with our collaborators, licensors, suppliers and others to indemnify and hold them harmless for damages arising from intellectual property infringement by us. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. Further, our issued patents could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Competitors may infringe our intellectual property rights or those of our licensors. To prevent infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court or administrative tribunal may decide that a patent we own or license is not valid, is unenforceable and/or is not infringed. If we or any of our potential future collaborators were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent directed at one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable in whole or in part. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge include an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could include an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO, even outside the context of litigation. Similar mechanisms for challenging the validity and enforceability of a patent exist in foreign patent offices and may result in the revocation, cancellation, or amendment of any foreign patents we hold in the future. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable, and prior art could render our patents or those of our licensors invalid. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we could lose at least part, and perhaps 
 102 

all, of the patent protection on an affected product candidate. Such a loss of patent protection would seriously harm our business. 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO, or equivalent actions brought in foreign jurisdictions, may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be seriously harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if a non-exclusive license is offered and our competitors gain access to the same technology. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties or enter into development or manufacturing partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace and seriously harm our business. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and licenses. 
 We currently have rights to the intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patents that we own, to develop our product candidates. Because our programs may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will depend in part on our ability to acquire, license or use these proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our product candidates. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. 
 We have collaborated with a U.S. academic institution and may in the future collaborate with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. These institutions may provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable 
 103 

to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of that program and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we, our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former or concurrent employers or former or current clients. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries, in addition to our employees, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of our product candidates. Many of these consultants, and many of our employees, were previously employed at, or may have previously provided or may be currently providing consulting services to, other biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may become subject to claims that we, our employees or a consultant inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to their former employers or their former or current clients. We may also be subject to claims that patents and applications we have filed to protect inventions of our employees or consultants, even those related to one or more of our product candidates, are rightfully owned by their former or concurrent employer or former or current client. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, which could seriously harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 Our agreements with employees and consultants provide that any inventions conceived by an individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property. Although our policy is to have all such individuals complete these agreements, we may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances, and individuals with whom we have these agreements may not comply with their terms. The assignment of intellectual property may not be self-executing and despite such agreement, such inventions may become assigned to third parties. In the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or proprietary information, these agreements, even if obtained, may not provide meaningful protection, particularly for our trade secrets or other confidential information. We may also be subject to claims that former employees, consultants, or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. In addition, we may face claims by third parties that our agreements with employees or consultants obligating them to assign intellectual property to us are ineffective or in conflict with prior or competing contractual obligations of assignment, which could result in ownership disputes regarding intellectual property we have developed or will develop and interfere with our ability to capture the commercial value of such intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights. Such an outcome could seriously harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and distraction to our management and other employees. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension for our product candidates, our business may be seriously harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of any of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term restoration under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as 
 104 

compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act allows a maximum of one patent to be extended per FDA approved product as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only those claims covering such approved drug product, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Patent term extension may also be available in certain foreign countries upon regulatory approval of our product candidates. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration of the applicable product, and our business may be seriously harmed. 
 Changes in patent law in the United States or in other countries could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 Our patent rights may be affected by developments or uncertainty in the U.S. or foreign patent statutes, patent case laws, USPTO rules and regulations or in the rules and regulations of foreign patent offices. 
 There are a number of recent changes to the U.S. patent laws that may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example, on September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act Leahy-Smith Act was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to the U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. In particular, under the Leahy-Smith Act, the United States transitioned in March 2013 to a first to file system in which the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent. Third parties are allowed to submit prior art before the issuance of a patent by the USPTO, and may become involved in post-grant proceedings including opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope or enforceability of, or invalidate, our patent rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position. This could have a negative impact on some of our intellectual property and could increase uncertainties surrounding obtaining and enforcement or defense of our issued patents. In addition, Congress may pass patent reform legislation that is unfavorable to us. The Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents we might obtain in the future. Similarly, statutory or judicial changes to the patent laws of other countries may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Complying with these laws and regulations could limit our ability to obtain new patents in the future that may be important for our business. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending all current and future patents in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing 
 105 

products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 The legal systems of many foreign countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights. For example, some foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, some countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. If we or any of our licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our business may be seriously harmed. 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We employ reputable professionals and rely on such third parties to help us comply with these requirements and effect payment of these fees with respect to the patents and patent applications that we own, and if we license intellectual property we may have to rely upon our licensors to comply with these requirements and effect payment of these fees with respect to any patents and patent applications that we license. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by corporate citizenship and ESG matters and or our reporting of such matters. 
 Institutional, individual, and other investors, proxy advisory services, regulatory authorities, consumers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance ESG practices of companies. As we look to respond to evolving standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, our efforts may result in a significant increase in costs and may nevertheless not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and evolving standards or regulatory requirements, which may negatively impact our financial results, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, our attractiveness as an investment or business partner, or expose us to government enforcement actions, private litigation, and actions by stockholders or stakeholders. 
 
 106 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Emeryville, California, where we lease approximately 59,000 square feet of office, research and development, engineering and laboratory space pursuant to lease agreements that expire in July 2024 and December 2029. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable additional alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms, if required. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 
 From time to time, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings arising from the ordinary course of its business. If applicable, the Company records a liability for such matters when it believes that it is both probable that a liability may be imputed, and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment by the Company is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 Ite m 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 
 107 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FDMT since December 11, 2020. Prior to this date, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of March 13, 2023, there were approximately 17 holders of record of our common stock. The approximate number of holders is based upon the actual number of holders registered in our records at such date and excludes holders in street name or persons, partnerships, associations, corporations, or other entities identified in security positions listings maintained by depository trust companies. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 
 On December 15, 2020, we closed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 9,660,000 shares of common stock at a price to the public of 23.00 per share. We received net proceeds of 204.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 15.6 million and offering costs of 1.9 million. 
 None of the expenses associated with the IPO were paid to directors, officers, or persons owning 10 or more of any class of equity securities, or to their associates, or to our affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries. Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, BofA Securities and Evercore ISI acted as book-running managers for the offering. 
 Shares of our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on December 11, 2020. The shares were registered under the Securities Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250150), which was declared effective by the SEC on December 11, 2020. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus dated December 11, 2020, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act. 
 
 108 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases 
 None. 
 Item 6. [ Reserved] 
 Part II. Item 6 is no longer required pursuant to certain amendments to Regulation S-K that eliminated Item 301. 
 
 109 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this report ). This discussion and analysis and other parts of this report contain forward-looking statements based upon current beliefs, plans and expectations related to future events and our future financial performance that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, such as statements regarding our intentions, plans, objectives, expectations, forecasts and projections. Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those set forth under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 
 Overview 
 
 We are a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company harnessing the power of directed evolution for targeted genetic medicines. We seek to unlock the full potential of genetic medicines using our platform, Therapeutic Vector Evolution, which combines the power of directed evolution with our approximately one billion synthetic AAV capsid-derived sequences to invent evolved vectors for use in our products. We believe key features of our targeted and evolved vectors will help us to potentially create targeted genetic medicine product candidates with improved therapeutic profiles. These profiles will allow us to treat a broad range of large market diseases, unlike most current genetic medicines that generally focus on rare or small market diseases. 
 
 We have built a deep portfolio of genetic medicine product candidates, with five product candidates in clinical trials: 4D-150 for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration wet AMD and diabetic macular edema DME ), 4D-125 for the treatment of X-linked retinitis pigmentosa XLRP ), 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia, 4D-710 for the treatment of cystic fibrosis lung disease, and 4D-310 for the treatment of Fabry disease cardiomyopathy. In addition, we have two product candidates in preclinical studies: 4D-175 for geographic atrophy GA and 4D-725 for alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency lung disease. 
 We have funded our operations primarily through the sale and issuance of equity securities and to a lesser extent from cash received pursuant to our collaboration and license agreements. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses and expect that our operating losses will increase significantly as we, among other things, continue to advance our product candidates through preclinical and clinical development, seek regulatory approval, and prepare for, and, if approved, proceed to commercialization; broaden and improve our platform; acquire, discover, validate and develop additional product candidates; maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio; and hire additional personnel. 
 Our net losses were 107.5 million and 71.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 314.5 million. We do not expect positive cash flows from operations in the foreseeable future. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities. 
 We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales since our inception. Our ability to generate product revenue will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, if approved. 
 We will require substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and further the development of our product candidates. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings, or other capital sources, which could include income from collaborations, strategic partnerships, or other 
 110 

strategic arrangements, for the foreseeable future. Adequate funding may not be available when needed or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and otherwise. If we fail to obtain necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, it could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. Insufficient liquidity may also require us to relinquish rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose. We cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. 
 The extent of the impact of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and clinical development timelines and plans remains uncertain, and will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak and its impact on our clinical trial enrollment, trial sites, CROs, third-party manufacturers, and other third parties with whom we do business, as well as its impact on our key scientific and management personnel. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue to date has been generated through payments from our collaboration and license agreements, primarily from upfront and milestone payments and expense reimbursement. We have not generated any revenue from the sale of approved products and do not expect to do so for the foreseeable future. The primary drivers for revenue consist of the following: 
 uniQure: In August 2019, we amended our agreement with uniQure and entered into a separate new collaboration and license agreement with uniQure. Neither party was required to pay monetary consideration in connection with the amendment or new agreement. We determined the incremental transaction price of the amendment and new agreement to be 5.1 million and recorded the amount as deferred revenue in August 2019. We began recognizing revenue related to uniQure in 2020 and expect to recognize the remaining revenue under the agreement in 2023. We recognized revenue of 3.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to this agreement. See Note 7 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further discussion regarding the accounting treatment of this agreement. 

Roche: In November 2017, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. (together, Roche ). We received an upfront payment of 21.0 million in 2017, were reimbursed for our internal and third-party costs and were entitled to contingent payments, including milestone payments. In 2020, we received milestone payments totaling 10.0 million, which were comprised of a 5.0 million milestone payment upon the release of clinical trial material for our Phase 1 clinical trial for 4D-110 to treat choroideremia in the second quarter of 2020 and an additional 5.0 million milestone payment upon dosing our first patient in the trial in the third quarter of 2020. We began recognizing revenue related to this agreement in 2017. In June 2021, we received notice of termination of the collaboration and license agreement from Roche. The termination became effective on September 16, 2021. There was no revenue from Roche in 2022. See Note 7 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further discussion regarding the accounting treatment of this agreement. 

Future collaboration and license revenue is highly dependent on the successful development and commercialization of products by our collaboration partners, which is uncertain, and revenue may fluctuate significantly from period to period. Additionally, we may never receive the consideration from our license agreements that is contemplated for option fees, development and sales-based milestone payments or royalties on sales of licensed products, given the contingent nature of these payments. Our collaboration and license revenue in 2022 was primarily from uniQure. 
 111 

Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development expenses primarily consist of costs incurred for the discovery and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates. These expenses include salaries and personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation of our scientific personnel performing research and development activities; laboratory supplies; research materials; fees paid to CROs to execute preclinical studies and clinical trials; fees paid to CMOs to manufacture materials for preclinical studies and clinical trials; fees related to obtaining technology licenses; consulting costs; costs related to seeking regulatory approval of our product candidates; and allocated facility-related costs, information technology costs, depreciation expense, and other overhead. 
 We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. We have entered into various agreements with CROs and CMOs. Costs of certain activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks. Payments made prior to the receipt of goods or services that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are deferred and capitalized as prepaid expenses and other current assets on our balance sheet. The capitalized amounts are recognized as expense as the goods are delivered or the related services are performed. 
 We do not allocate our costs by product candidate, as a significant amount of research and development expenses includes internal costs, such as salary and other personnel-related expenses, laboratory supplies and allocated overhead, and external costs, such as fees paid to third parties to conduct research and development activities on our behalf, none of which are tracked by product candidate. In particular, with respect to internal costs, several of our departments support multiple product candidate research and development programs and, therefore, the costs cannot be allocated to a particular product candidate or development program. 
 At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing or estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, any of our product candidates. We expect our research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development activities related to developing our product candidates, as our product candidates advance into later stages of development, as we begin to conduct larger clinical trials, as we seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, and incur expenses associated with hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. See the section titled Risk Factors for additional risks regarding regulatory development and approval. 
 General and Administrative 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including salaries, employee benefit costs and stock-based compensation expense for our personnel in executive, finance and accounting, human resources, business development, and other administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include professional fees for legal, patent, consulting, accounting and tax services, allocated overhead, including rent, equipment, depreciation, information technology costs and utilities, and other general operating expenses not otherwise classified as research and development expenses. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase as a result of increased personnel-related costs, patent costs for our product candidates, consulting, legal and accounting services associated with maintaining compliance with stock exchange listing and requirements of the SEC, investor relations costs, director and officer insurance premiums, and other costs associated with being a public company. 
 112 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Our other income (expense) primarily consists of interest income earned on our cash equivalents, and marketable securities and adjustments for the change in the fair value of our derivative liability which must be remeasured at each reporting period. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenue: 

Collaboration and license revenue 

3,129 

18,038 

(14,909) 

-83 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

80,253 

61,360 

18,893 

31 

General and administrative 

32,908 

28,011 

4,897 

17 

Total operating expenses 

113,161 

89,371 

23,790 

27 

Loss from operations 

(110,032) 

(71,333) 

(38,699) 

54 

Other income (expense), net 

2,538 

16 

2,522 

15763 

Net loss 

(107,494) 

(71,317) 

(36,177) 

51 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 14.9 million, or 83 , from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of a 17.2 million decrease in revenue recognized under our collaboration and license agreement with Roche due to its termination in September 2021, partially offset by a 2.3 million increase in revenue recognized under our collaboration and license agreement with uniQure. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table provides a breakout of research and development expenses for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Research and development trials and consumables expenses 

30,886 

26,335 

4,551 

17 

Payroll and personnel expenses 

38,037 

26,448 

11,589 

44 

Facilities and other research and development expenses 

11,330 

8,577 

2,753 

32 

Total research and development expenses 

80,253 

61,360 

18,893 

31 

113 

Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 18.9 million, or 31 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the following: 
 a 4.6 million increase in research and development trials and consumables expense primarily due to higher clinical trial costs of 5.1 million and consumables of 4.3 million, offset by lower preclinical costs of 3.7 million and lower other outside service costs of 1.1 million; 

an 11.6 million increase in payroll and personnel expenses due to increased headcount of research and development personnel, including a 2.4 million increase in employee stock-based compensation expense; and 

a 2.7 million increase in facilities and other research and development expenses primarily for allocated overhead, including rent, equipment, depreciation, information technology costs and utilities. 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 4.9 million, or 17 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to: 
 a 3.0 million increase in personnel costs due to increased headcount of general and administrative personnel, including a 0.9 million increase in employee stock-based compensation expense; 

a 0.6 million increase in professional services, including legal, accounting and other advisory services; and 

a 1.3 million increase in other costs mainly consulting services and facilities-related expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 We have funded our operations primarily through the sale and issuance of our equity securities, including from the sale of our common stock in our IPO and Follow-on Offering and the sale of our Series A, Series A-1, Series B and Series C redeemable preferred stock, and to a lesser extent from cash received pursuant to our collaboration and license agreements. 
 In December 2020, we completed our IPO. We issued and sold 9,660,000 shares of common stock at a price to the public of 23.00 per share. The aggregate net proceeds from our IPO were 204.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs. 
 In November 2021, we completed our Follow-on Offering in which 4,750,000 shares of our common stock were sold at an offering price of 25.00 per share. The net proceeds from the Follow-on Offering were 111.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. 
 In March 2022, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the offering of up to 300.0 million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and units, which was declared effective by the SEC in April 2022 (the S-3 Registration Statement ). In March 2022, we also entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC as sales agent to sell shares of our common stock, from time to time, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to 100.0 million pursuant to the S-3 Registration Statement as an at-the-market offering under the Securities Act (the 2022 ATM Offering Program ). As of December 31, 2022, no shares of the Company's common stock were sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement. As of March 3, 2023, 90.1 million of common stock remained available for sale under the Sales Agreement. 
 114 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 218.5 million. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 We have experienced recurring net losses and had an accumulated deficit of 314.5 million at December 31, 2022. Our transition to profitability is dependent upon the successful development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates and those of our collaboration partners and achieving a level of revenue adequate to support our cost structure. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We expect that our research and development and general and administrative expenses will continue to increase for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we expect our capital expenditures will increase significantly in the future for costs associated with building commercial manufacturing capacity. As a result, we will need significant additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain through one or more equity offerings, debt financings or other third-party funding, including potential strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of gene therapy product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amount of increased capital we will need to raise to support our operations and the outlays and operating expenditures necessary to complete the development of our product candidates and build additional manufacturing capacity, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the progress of our current and future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development; 

potential delays in our preclinical studies and clinical trials, whether current or planned, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, or other factors; 

expanding our manufacturing facilities and working with our contract manufacturers to scale up the manufacturing processes for our product candidates; 

continuing our research and discovery activities; 

continuing the development of our Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform; 

initiating and conducting additional preclinical, clinical or other studies for our product candidates; 

changing or adding additional contract manufacturers or suppliers; 

seeking regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for our product candidates; 

establishing sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we obtain approval; 

acquiring or in-licensing product candidates, intellectual property and technologies; 

making milestone, royalty or other payments due under any current or future collaboration or license agreements; 

obtaining, maintaining, expanding, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property portfolio; 

attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel; 

potential delays or other issues related to our operations; 

meeting the requirements and demands of being a public company; 

defending against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to our products; and 

115 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and adverse macroeconomic conditions such as, but not limited to, higher inflation and increased interest rates, each of which may exacerbate the magnitude of the factors discussed above. 

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will allow us to fund our planned operations for at least one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We have based our estimates as to how long we expect we will be able to fund our operations on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect, in which case we would be required to obtain additional financing sooner than currently projected, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. See the section titled Risk Factors for additional risks associated with our substantial capital requirements. 
 We do not have any committed external sources of funds. Accordingly, we will be required to obtain further funding through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources to complete the clinical development for the product candidates for treatment of wet AMD, DME, GA, cystic fibrosis lung disease, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency lung disease, Fabry disease cardiomyopathy, XLRP, choroideremia or any other indication we may pursue. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Any future debt financing into which we enter would result in fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include grants of security interests on our assets and restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, granting liens over our assets, redeeming stock or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that could adversely affect our common stockholders. Further, additional funds may not be available when we need them, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine. 
 If we are unable to obtain additional funding, we expect to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or investment in internal manufacturing capabilities, which could adversely affect our business. If we raise additional funds through collaborations or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 Summary Statement of Cash Flows 
 The following is a summary of cash flows for the periods indicated below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(86,685) 

(69,134) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(17,050) 

(172,680) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

3,085 

118,089 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(100,650) 

(123,725) 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 
 116 

Net cash used in operating activities was 86.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was primarily due to the net loss of 107.5 million partially offset by a change of 22.1 million in noncash charges and by a net change of 1.3 million in our operating assets and liabilities. The noncash charges primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 17.1 million, depreciation and amortization of 2.4 million, amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 1.5 million and amortization/accretion of premium/discount on marketable securities of 1.1 million. The change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 3.1 million decrease in deferred revenue, 1.6 million decrease in accounts payable, 0.3 million decrease in operating lease liabilities, offset by an increase of 2.5 million in accrued and other liabilities and a 1.2 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 69.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the net loss of 71.3 million partially offset by a change of 17.7 million in noncash charges and by a net change of 15.5 million in our operating assets and liabilities. The noncash charges primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 13.8 million, depreciation and amortization of 1.5 million and the amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 1.5 million. The change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 14.7 million decrease in deferred revenue and a 4.2 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily offset by a 2.3 million increase in accounts payable. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 17.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of purchases of marketable securities of 153.3 million, as well as purchases of property and equipment of 11.5 million, offset by the maturities of marketable securities of 147.8 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 172.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting of purchases of marketable securities of 168.6 million, as well as purchases of property and equipment of 9.1 million, offset by the maturities of marketable securities of 5.0 million. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was due to proceeds received from the issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options of 2.7 million and from ESPP purchases of 0.8 million, offset by payment of offering costs of 0.5 million. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 118.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily comprised of 114.3 million in net proceeds from offerings, as well as proceeds received from the issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and warrants of 3.4 million and from ESPP purchases of 0.4 million. 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 Our commitments include obligations under vendor contracts to provide research services and other purchase commitments with our vendors. In the normal course of business, we enter into services agreements with contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations and other third parties. Generally, these agreements provide for termination upon notice, with specified amounts due upon termination based on the timing of termination and the terms of the agreement. The actual amounts and timing of payments under these agreements are uncertain and contingent upon the initiation and completion of the services to be provided. These amounts are not fixed and determinable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal commitments consisted of obligations under our operating lease for our headquarters. Please see Note 9 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 117 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, as well as the reported revenue and expenses during the reported periods. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements and understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We determine revenue recognition for arrangements within the scope of ASC 606 by performing the following five steps: (i) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations based on estimated selling prices; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) we satisfy each performance obligation. 
 Our revenue is primarily derived through our license, research, development and commercialization agreements. The terms of these types of agreements may include (i) licenses to our technology, (ii) research and development services, and (iii) services or obligations in connection with participation in research or steering committees. Payments to us under these arrangements typically include one or more of the following: nonrefundable upfront and license fees, research funding, milestone and other contingent payments to us for the achievement of defined collaboration objectives and certain preclinical, clinical, regulatory and sales-based events, as well as royalties on sales of any commercialized products. Arrangements that include upfront payments are recorded as deferred revenue upon receipt or when due and may require deferral of revenue recognition to a future period until performance obligations are met. The event-based milestone payments, royalties and cost reimbursements represent variable consideration, and we use the most likely amount method to estimate this variable consideration. Royalty payments are recognized when earned or as the sales occur. We record cost reimbursements as accounts receivable when right to consideration is unconditional. 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account in ASC 606. We allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated selling price and recognize revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. We include the unconstrained amount of estimated variable consideration in the transaction price. At the end of each reporting period, we re-evaluate the estimated variable consideration included in the transaction price and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjust our estimate of the overall transaction price. 
 Significant management judgment is required to determine the level of effort required under an arrangement, and the period over which the Company expects to complete its performance obligations under the arrangement. Changes in these estimates can have a material effect on revenue recognized. 
 118 

Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 We estimate our accrued research and development expenses as of each balance sheet date. This process involves reviewing contracts and purchase orders with service providers, identifying services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed, the expected remaining period of performance and the associated expenses incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual cost. Depending on the timing of payments to the service providers and the estimated expenses incurred, we may record net prepaid or accrued research and development expenses relating to these costs. 
 Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include fees paid to: 
 CROs in connection with preclinical development and clinical studies; and 

CMOs and other vendors related to process development and manufacturing of materials for use in preclinical development and clinical studies. 

Our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing may vary and may result in us reporting changes in estimates in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences from our estimates to the amounts actually incurred. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 We use a fair value-based method to account for all stock-based compensation arrangements with employees and nonemployees including stock options and stock awards. Our determination of the fair value of stock options on the date of grant utilizes the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 The fair value of the option granted is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period during which an optionee is required to provide services in exchange for the option award, known as the requisite service period, which usually is the vesting period. Prior to January 1, 2020, the stock-based compensation expense for nonemployees was subject to remeasurement until the related vesting conditions were met. Effective January 1, 2020, the measurement date for nonemployee awards is the date of grant without changes in the fair value of the award. We account for forfeitures as they occur for both employees and nonemployees. 
 Estimates of the fair value of equity awards as of the grant date using valuation models such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model are affected by assumptions with a number of complex variables. 
 Changes in the following assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized; and the resulting change in fair value, if any, is recognized in our statements of operations during the period the related services are rendered. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop: 
 Expected Term The expected term for employee options is calculated using the simplified method as we do not have sufficient historical information to provide a basis for estimate. The simplified method is based on the average of the vesting tranches and the contractual life of each grant. 

Expected Volatility For all stock options granted to date, the expected volatility was estimated based on a study of publicly traded industry peer companies as we did not have sufficient trading history for our common stock. We selected the peer group based on similarities in industry, stage of development, size and financial leverage with our principal business operations. For each grant, we measured historical volatility over a period equivalent to the expected term. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues whose term is similar in duration to the expected term of the respective stock option. 

119 

Expected Dividend Yield We have not paid and do not currently anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, we have estimated the dividend yield to be zero. 

As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was 37.1 million and is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.2 years. The intrinsic value of all outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 48.0 million, of which approximately 20.2 million related to vested options and approximately 27.8 million related to unvested options. 
 Common Stock Valuations 
 Prior to our IPO in December 2020, the estimated fair value of the common stock underlying our stock options and stock awards was determined at each grant date by our board of directors, with assistance from management and external appraisers. All options to purchase shares of our common stock were intended to be exercisable at a price per share not less than the per-share fair value of our common stock underlying those options on the date of grant. The approach to estimate the fair value of our common stock was consistent with the methods outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. Subsequent to our IPO, the fair value of our common stock is determined based on its closing market price as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires, among other things, that deferred income taxes be provided for temporary differences between the financial statement reporting and tax basis of our assets and liabilities. In addition, deferred tax assets are recorded for the future benefit of utilizing net operating losses and research and development credit carryforwards and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such items are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that they will be realized. 
 We account for uncertain tax positions by assessing all material positions taken in any assessment or challenge by relevant taxing authorities. Assessing an uncertain tax position begins with the initial determination of the position s sustainability and is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense or benefit. To date, there have been no interest or penalties charged in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 NOLs and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders over a three-year period in excess of 50 as defined under Sections 382 and 383 in the Internal Revenue Code, which could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Since our inception, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 120 

JOBS Act 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies may delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, while we are an emerging growth company, we will not be subject to new or revised accounting standards at the same time that they become applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025, (ii) the last day of the year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (iii) the last day of the year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year, or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. As an emerging growth company: 
 we will present only two years of audited financial statements for any interim period, and related management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations; 

we will avail ourselves of the exemption from the requirement to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ); 

we will provide less extensive disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; 

we will not require stockholder non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; and 

we will take advantage of extended transition periods to comply with new or revised accounting standards, delaying the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private companies. 

As a result, the information in this report in the future may be different from what you might receive from other public reporting companies. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for information. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity and Effects of Inflation 
 The market risk inherent in our financial instruments and in our financial position represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 218.5 million, consisting of bank deposits, interest-bearing money market funds, and marketable securities, for which the fair value would be affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, due to the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and marketable securities, an immediate 10 change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair value of our cash equivalents or marketable securities. 
 We do not believe that inflation or interest rate changes have had a significant impact on our results of operations for any periods presented herein. 
 121 

Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required by this item are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 1 

Balance Sheets 
 F- 2 

Statements of Operations 
 F- 3 

Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 4 

Statements of Stockholders ' Equity 
 F- 5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F- 7 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of such date. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 122 

Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 This Annual Report on Form-10K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 

123 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting within 120 days after December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 124 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The financial statements schedules and exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are as follows: 

(1) Financial Statements; 

Reference is made to the financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II hereof. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 

The exhibits required to be filed as part of this report are listed in the Exhibit List attached hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 125 

Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as currently in effect. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/15/20 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as currently in effect. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/17/22 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 

X 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2020, among the Registrant and the investors party thereto. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 4.3 

10.1(a)# 
 
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/17/20 
 
 10.1(a) 

10.1(b)# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/17/20 
 
 10.1(b) 

10.2(a)# 
 
 2020 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-8 
 
 12/15/20 
 
 99.2(a) 

10.2(b)# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.2(b) 

10.2(c)# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.2(c) 

10.2(d)# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.2(d) 

10.3# 
 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 S-8 
 
 12/15/20 
 
 99.3 

10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.4 

10.5 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated November 16, 2017, among the Registrant, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/17/20 
 
 10.5 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Collaboration and License Agreement, dated August 6, 2019, between the Registrant and uniQure biopharma B.V. 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/17/20 
 
 10.6 

10.7 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated August 6, 2019, by and between the Registrant and uniQure biopharma B.V. 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/17/20 
 
 10.7 

10.8 
 
 Exclusive License and Bailment Agreement, dated December 19, 2013, between the Registrant and The Regents of the University of California. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.8 

10.9 
 
 Exclusive License and Bailment Agreement, dated December 19, 2013, between the Registrant and The Regents of the University of California. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.9 

10.10# 
 
 Offer Letter, dated March 20, 2015 between David Kirn, M.D. and the Registrant. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.10 

10.11# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 15, 2019 between Peter Francis, M.D., Ph.D. and the Registrant. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.11 

10.12# 
 
 Offer Letter, dated January 4, 2019 between August Moretti and the Registrant. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/20 
 
 10.12 

10.13# 
 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated September 22, 2021, by and between David Kirn and 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/24/21 
 
 10.13 

10.14# 
 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated September 22, 2021, by and between August Moretti and 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/24/21 
 
 10.14 

10.15# 
 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated September 22, 2021, by and between Robert Stephen Fishman and 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/24/21 
 
 10.15 

126 

10.16# 
 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated September 22, 2021, by and between Fred Kamal and 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/10/21 
 
 10.16 

10.17# 
 
 Restated Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/12/22 
 
 10.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Form 10-K). 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Certain confidential portions (indicated by brackets and asterisks) have been omitted form this exhibit. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 Item 16. For m 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 127 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David Kirn 

David Kirn, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer and Director Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

Power o f Attorney 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David Kirn and August Moretti, jointly and severally, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David Kirn 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 

David Kirn, M.D. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ August J. Moretti 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 15, 2023 

August J. Moretti 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ John F. Milligan 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 March 15, 2023 

John F. Milligan, Ph.D. 

/s/ Jacob Chacko 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 

Jacob Chacko, M.D., MBA 

/s/ Noriyuki Kasahara 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 

Noriyuki Kasahara, M.D., Ph.D. 

/s/ Susannah Gray 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 

Susannah Gray, MBA 

/s/ Nancy Miller-Rich 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15 2023 

Nancy Miller-Rich 

/s/ Charles P. Theuer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 

Charles P. Theuer, M.D., Ph.D. 

/s/ Shawn Cline Tomasello 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 

Shawn Cline Tomasello, MBA 

128 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2021. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 F- 1 

4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets (includes and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, attributable to related parties) 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities, long-term 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Derivative liability 

Operating lease liabilities, long-term portion 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 F- 2 

4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Collaboration and license revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development (includes and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, attributable to related parties) 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 F- 3 

4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Net unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F- 4 

4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Loss 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and warrants 

Issuance of common stock upon offerings, net of issuance cost 

Issuance of common stock warrant 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock - 2020 ESPP 

Vesting of common stock warrants issued for services 

Net unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and warrants 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock - 2020 ESPP 

Vesting of common stock warrants issued for services 

Net unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F- 5 

4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Vesting of common stock warrants in return for services 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Net amortization (accretion) of premium (discount) on marketable securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Issuance of common stock upon offerings, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and warrants 

Issuance of common stock through 2020 ESPP 

Payment of offering costs 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing and financing information 

Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 

Receivable for common stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

Unpaid offering costs 

Decrease in right-of-use assets due to reduction in operating lease liabilities upon modification 

() 

Issuance of common stock warrant to settle liability 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F- 6 

4D Molecular Ther apeutics, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 shares of common stock at a price to the public of per share, which included shares sold upon the underwriters exercise of their overallotment option to purchase additional shares. The Company received an aggregate of million in net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs. Upon the closing of the Company's initial public offering in December 2020 (the IPO ), all outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into shares of common stock. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, there were shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding. Follow On Public Offering In November 2021, the Company completed its second underwritten public offering Follow-on Offering in which shares of the Company's common stock were sold at an offering price of per share pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-1. The net proceeds from the Follow-on Offering were million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. Liquidity The Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations and had an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022. The Company believes that its cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 are sufficient for the Company to fund planned operations for at least one year from the issuance date of these financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has historically financed its operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, and to a lesser extent, from cash received pursuant to its collaboration and license agreements. To date, none of the Company s product candidates have been approved for sale, and therefore, the Company has not generated any revenue from product sales. Management expects operating losses and negative cash flows from operations to continue for the foreseeable future. The Company plans to raise additional funding as required based on the status of its clinical trials and projected cash flows. There can be no assurance that, in the event the Company requires additional financing, such financing will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. Failure to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, raise additional capital and reduce discretionary spending should additional capital not become available could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to achieve its business objectives. 

reportable and operating segment. The Company s chief executive officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on a company-wide basis for purposes of allocating resources and assessing financial performance. 
 financial institutions in the United States of America. The Company s cash equivalents are invested in money market funds. The Company also invests in U.S. Treasuries, U.S. government sponsored agencies, commercial paper and corporate bonds. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash and cash equivalents. Such deposits may, at times, exceed federally insured limits. 

Customer B 

Total 

Less than The Company s partners in collaboration and license agreements who represent 10 or more of the Company s total accounts receivable are as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Customer A 

Customer B 

Total 

Switzerland 

United States 

Total revenue 

allowance was required at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did t have any write-offs relating to uncollectible accounts receivable during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the assets or the lease term. Upon sale or retirement of assets, the costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected within operating expenses in the statements of operations. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 
 such impairments of long-lived assets in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), ASC 842 using the alternative modified retrospective approach effective as of . As of January 1, 2021, the Company recognized operating lease right-of-use assets of million, and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities of million and million, respectively. In connection with the adoption of ASC 842, deferred rent of million and lease incentive liability of million, which were previously recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, accrued and other current liabilities and other liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2020, were derecognized. The adoption of the standard did t have an impact on the Company's statements of operations or comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity or cash flows. As of January 1, 2021, the Company elected to apply the package of practical expedients requiring no reassessment of whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, the lease classification of any expired or existing leases, or the capitalization of initial direct costs for any existing leases. Additionally, the Company elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and not to recognize leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. At contract inception, the Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease. A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. If determined to be or contain a lease, the lease is assessed for classification as either an operating or finance lease at the lease commencement date, defined as the date on which the leased asset is made available for use by the Company, based on the economic characteristics of the lease. A right-of-use asset represents the economic benefit conveyed to the Company by the right to use the underlying asset over the lease term. A lease liability represents the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease right-of-use assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and operating lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make payments arising from the lease. Operating right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease and are measured at the present value of the fixed payments due over the expected lease term less the present value of any incentives, rebates, or abatements the Company expects to receive from the lessor. The Company records amortization of operating right-of-use assets and accretion of lease liabilities as a single lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term. No lease renewal options are recognized as part of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The Company's operating leases are presented in the balance sheet as operating lease right-of-use assets, classified as noncurrent assets, and operating lease liabilities, classified as current and noncurrent based on the discounted lease payments to be made within the proceeding twelve months. As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to discount lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimated rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow equivalent funds on a collateralized basis at the lease commencement date. 

, using the straight-line method. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. The Company s policy for issuing stock upon stock option exercise is to issue new common stock. 

Commercial paper 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. treasuries 

U.S. government sponsored agencies 

Total 

Liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Total 

Basis for Fair Value Measurements 

Fair Value as of 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Money market funds 

Commercial paper 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. treasuries 

Total 

Liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Total 

Level 3 Inputs The fair value of the derivative liability is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the derivative liability was determined using a present value analysis with multiple scenarios. In determining the fair value of the derivative liability, the inputs impacting fair value include the change of control payment to CFF, the probability of a change of control event, the product status at time of a change of control event and the discount rate. See Note 15 for further discussion on embedded derivative. There were transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 during the periods presented. 

Change in fair value included in other income (expense), net 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value included in other income (expense), net 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

U.S. treasuries 

() 

U.S. government sponsored agencies 

() 

Total short-term marketable securities 

() 

Long-term marketable securities: 

Commercial paper 

() 

Total long-term marketable securities 

() 

Amortized Cost Basis 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Short-term marketable securities: 

Commercial paper 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

U.S. treasuries 

() 

Total short-term marketable securities 

() 

Long-term marketable securities: 

Commercial paper 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

U.S. treasuries 

() 

Total long-term marketable securities 

() 

All marketable securities held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 had contractual maturities of less than . There have been material realized gains or losses on marketable securities for the periods presented. Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the amortized cost and estimated fair value of the Company's marketable securities. Accrued interest receivable of million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented separately within the prepaid expenses and other current assets line item in the Company's balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate fair value of securities held by the Company in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than twelve months was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate fair value of securities held by the Company in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than twelve months was million and million, respectively. The Company determined that it has the ability and intent to hold all marketable securities that have been in a continuous loss position until maturity or recovery, thus there has been recognition of any other-than-temporary impairment in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Office equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

All property and equipment are maintained in the United States. Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 F- 16 

Accrued clinical and preclinical study costs 

Consulting and professional 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued and other current liabilities 

Roche 

CFF 

CFF 

million. The total amount of revenue in the year ended December 31, 2021, which was included in deferred revenue at January 1, 2021, was million. uniQure In January 2014, the Company and uniQure biopharma B.V. uniQure entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement (the uniQure Agreement to collaborate on the discovery and non-clinical research activities related to the Company s Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform in order to generate and validate vectors for gene delivery to treat diseases within the central nervous system and liver (together, the uniQure Field ). The uniQure Agreement provided uniQure with a research license as well as an exclusive development and commercialization license for each project variant selected for further development. The initial research term is with an option for uniQure to extend the research term one time for an additional year. Once the Company s research plan has concluded, uniQure is solely responsible for the continued development, manufacturing and commercialization of the project variants as potential product candidates. In October 2016, uniQure exercised its option to extend the research term for an additional year to January 2018. The Company was also required to work exclusively with uniQure in the uniQure Field (the uniQure Exclusivity Clause ). Pursuant to the uniQure Agreement, the Company received upfront payments of million, and was entitled to receive (i) contingent payments for the achievement of research and development milestones of up to million for each licensed product selected under the arrangement, and (ii) royalties in the single digit range on future sales of the potential product candidates and sublicense consideration in the low teens to low thirties range on any future sublicensing arrangements. The Company also received capped research and development service fees based on contractual full-time employee rates per year. In connection with the performance obligations under the uniQure Agreement, the founders of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, LLC received equity options to purchase an aggregate of of uniQure ordinary shares that vested over the initial term of the agreement. The upfront payment of million was recorded as deferred revenue and was recognized on a ratable basis over the estimated performance period of . Payments and reimbursements for research costs were recognized on an as-incurred basis. The options to purchase uniQure shares were deemed to be a noncash component of the arrangement consideration, as the vesting of options is linked to the uniQure Agreement and there is a requirement for the holders of the options to provide services under the agreement. The fair value of the uniQure options, which was estimated to be million, was recognized ratably as revenue over the estimated performance period of and the associated compensation expense related to the stock options was recorded as research and development expense. In August 2019, the Company and uniQure entered into an Amended and Restated Collaboration and License Agreement (the Amended uniQure Agreement ), which amended and restated the uniQure Agreement, and a separate Collaboration and License Agreement (the Second uniQure Agreement ). Under these agreements, the Company agreed to transfer incremental rights and services to uniQure in exchange for uniQure eliminating the uniQure Exclusivity Clause and transferring other rights back to the Company. Under the Amended uniQure Agreement, uniQure continues to have an exclusive license to select AAV capsid variants (the Selected Variants in the uniQure Field. uniQure continues to be solely responsible, at its cost, to develop and commercialize the compounds and products containing the Selected Variants. The amended uniQure Agreement eliminated the uniQure Exclusivity Clause in the uniQure Agreement. Furthermore, the contingent payments that the Company was entitled to from uniQure for the achievement of research and development milestones of up to million for each licensed product selected under the uniQure Agreement were eliminated and sublicense consideration on any future sublicensing arrangements was reduced from the low teens to low thirties percentages to mid-single digit to mid-twenties percentages. Under the Second uniQure Agreement, the parties agreed to research and develop new AAV capsid variants (the New Variants that are not Selected Variants that affect certain targets selected by uniQure (the uniQure Targets in the uniQure Field. The Company is solely responsible, at its cost, for the research of the New Variants. The Company granted uniQure an exclusive license to a certain number of the New Variants (the uniQure New Variants that affect the uniQure Targets. uniQure is solely responsible, at its cost, to develop and commercialize the compounds and products containing the uniQure New Variants that affect the uniQure Targets (the Licensed Products ). The Company retains all rights to New Variants in the uniQure Field that affect targets other than the uniQure Targets. Under both the Amended uniQure Agreement and the Second uniQure Agreement, uniQure will be required to pay the Company royalties on worldwide annual net sales of Licensed Products at a mid-single digit percentage rate, subject to certain specified reductions. uniQure will also be required to pay the Company sublicensing consideration for sublicensing the Company s intellectual property rights licensed under the Amended uniQure Agreement or the Second uniQure Agreement to third parties at a rate between the mid-single digit to mid-twenties. The Company has reciprocal obligations, at the same percentage rates as uniQure, to pay uniQure royalties and sublicensing consideration for sublicensing certain intellectual property rights licensed under the Amended uniQure Agreement or the Second uniQure Agreement to third parties. The Company concluded that the Amended uniQure Agreement and the Second uniQure Agreement should be accounted for as one combined contract that should be accounted for as a separate contract from the uniQure Agreement given that the incremental licensed intellectual property rights and research and development services are distinct from the rights and services previously transferred to uniQure under the uniQure Agreement and the transaction price increased by an amount that equals the standalone selling price of the incremental rights and services to be transferred to uniQure under the Amended uniQure Agreement and Second uniQure Agreement. Neither party was required to pay monetary consideration in connection with the execution of the Amended uniQure Agreement or the Second uniQure Agreement or for subsequent performance by the parties under those agreements, notwithstanding the potential future royalty and sublicense consideration described above. The fair value of the non-monetary consideration given by uniQure to the Company, for the intellectual property right is million. This intellectual property right is considered to be an in-process research and development asset with no alternative future use and, accordingly, was written off as acquired in-process research and development expense in the year ended December 31, 2019. The incremental transaction price described in the paragraph above was recorded as deferred revenue given that the Company identified one single combined performance obligation under ASC 606, which includes the licenses to the New Variants, research services and participation in the joint steering committee JSC ). Revenue is being recognized using the input method based on actual costs incurred as a percentage of total budgeted costs as the Company completes its performance obligation. Based on the current estimated timelines, the deferred revenue is expected to be recognized as revenue in 2023. The Company determined the transaction price using the risk adjusted net present value analysis rNPV methodology to value the elimination of the uniQure exclusivity clause and other material rights received by the Company, including the potential royalties the Company would receive from uniQure. The rNPVs incorporate estimates and assumptions including the number of products the Company and uniQure would develop, the risk-adjusted probability of successfully developing a biopharmaceutical product, the probability that uniQure will develop a product, the research and development costs, the potential worldwide sales and associated commercialization costs, corporate tax rate, and discount rate. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized revenue of million and million under the Amended uniQure Agreement and the Second uniQure Agreement, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred revenue relating to uniQure was million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the decrease in total budgeted costs for the remaining performance obligation resulted in a million increase in revenue recognized related to the performance obligation partially satisfied prior to January 1, 2022 . There were amounts due from uniQure under the uniQure Agreement, Amended uniQure Agreement or Second uniQure Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation was million and million, respectively. CRF In November 2015, the Company entered into a research funding and collaboration agreement (the CRF Agreement with the Choroideremia Research Foundation CRF ), a non-profit organization dedicated to finding a cure for choroideremia, a rare inherited disorder that causes progressive vision loss, ultimately leading to complete blindness. The goal of the CRF Agreement is for CRF to contribute funding to help with the advancement of the Company s choroideremia research program. The Company is responsible for all decision making and execution of any and all of the related activities to be completed in its sole discretion. The initial term of the CRF Research Plan is . The agreement includes contribution by the Company to CRF of up to million upon certain development or approval milestones. The overall arrangement has automatic extensions of up to three additional years. As of December 31, 2022, milestones have been achieved. Revenue was fully recognized for this agreement in the year ended December 31, 2017. There was deferred revenue relating to the CRF Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. amount was due from or to CRF under the CRF Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Roche In November 2017, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. (together, Roche to discover and develop products containing optimized next generation AAV Vectors focused on ophthalmological diseases and disorders excluding select criteria (the 2017 Roche Agreement ). The Company and Roche both have the ability to nominate products to discover, develop and commercialize. At the effective date of the 2017 Roche Agreement, choroideremia was designated a Roche product class and the 4D-110 product was licensed to Roche. The Company was responsible for conducting research and development services prior to pivotal clinical studies, and Roche was responsible for conducting subsequent development and commercialization activities. In addition, Roche agreed to pay for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate for work performed for choroideremia under the 2017 Roche Agreement, and certain external costs, except for the costs associated with the manufacturing work for choroideremia. Under the 2017 Roche Agreement, Roche had an option, exercisable prior to pivotal clinical studies, to license 4D-125 (for the treatment of XLRP), which was not exercised. Pursuant to the 2017 Roche Agreement, the Company received a non-refundable upfront payment of million as consideration. In addition, the Company was entitled to contingent payments including (i) million for each Roche nominated product beyond the first three, (ii) up to million upon exercise of the option to convert a product the Company nominated and developed prior to pivotal clinical studies, (iii) development milestone payments of up to million, of which million related to choroideremia and the rest related to other licensed products; and (iv) sales-based milestones of up to million in connection with licensed products. Through December 31, 2022, the Company received million for development milestone payments that are non-refundable. The 2017 Roche Agreement also included provisions that entitled the Company to receive royalty payments ranging from the mid-single digits to the mid-teens for the net sales of the licensed products, in each case subject to the reductions in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Company identified a single combined performance obligation for the license, research services and participation in the JSC and concluded that Roche s option did not represent a material right. The Company s contract with Roche did not include a significant financing component. The Company further concluded that the transaction price should not include the variable consideration related to development milestones as they were considered to be constrained as it was probable that the inclusion of such variable consideration could result in a significant reversal of cumulative revenue in the future. The Company excluded any consideration related to sales-based milestones, including royalties, which would be recognized when the related sales occur. The transaction price and estimated period of performance are re-evaluated at each reporting period and adjusted as needed to reflect changes in the scope of the project, reimbursable expenses and other conditions affecting variable consideration. In June 2021, the Company received from Roche notice of termination without cause of the 2017 Roche Agreement. The licenses granted by the Company to Roche under the 2017 Roche Agreement terminated in their entirety on September 16, 2021. Therefore, as of September 16, 2021, Roche no longer has a license for 4D-110 for the treatment of choroideremia or any other product class, and the Company is no longer entitled to receive any further milestones or royalties from Roche. In July 2021, the Company notified Roche of the Company s election to continue development of choroideremia. As a result, in accordance with the terms of the agreement, all rights to 4D-110 data and intellectual property generated under the collaboration reverted to the Company. Under the 2017 Roche Agreement, if the Company is required to initiate a new Phase 1/2a clinical trial for 4D-110, the Company would not owe any royalty to Roche on net sales of 4D-110. If, however, the Company moves directly to a pivotal trial of 4D-110, without first being required to conduct a new Phase 1/2a clinical trial, the Company must pay Roche a mid-single digits percentage royalty on the net sales of 4D-110. As a result of the termination of the 2017 Roche Agreement, an adjustment of million was made to the transaction price to reflect the decrease in reimbursable costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the transaction price and total budgeted costs for the remaining performance obligation resulted in an million increase in revenue recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the performance obligation partially satisfied prior to January 1, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized revenue of million from Roche. The Company did t recognize any revenue under the 2017 Roche Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was deferred revenue and accounts receivable relating to the Roche Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had remaining performance obligation under the 2017 Roche Agreement. CFF In September 2016, the Company entered into an award agreement for the Optimized Adeno-Associated Virus for Lung Epithelia Gene Delivery Development Program with CFF, a non-profit organization dedicated to finding a cure for cystic fibrosis, an inherited disorder that causes disease in the pulmonary airways leading to morbidity and mortality. Under this agreement, CFF contributes funding to help advance the Company s CF research program. The agreement was subsequently amended in September 2017, August 2018 and February 2021 (all four agreements are collectively referred to as the CFF Agreement ). The total amount of the award under the CFF Agreement is million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company achieved milestones totaling million and million under the CFF Agreement, respectively. The remaining award amount will be paid by CFF based on achievement of certain development milestones by the Company. The Company expects to make payments to CFF equal to six times the actual award received by the Company in installments within the first of the first commercial sale of a product developed under this agreement. The Company also has agreed to make future sales-based milestone payments to CFF of up to three times the actual award received upon achieving specified commercialization milestones with respect to the first of any product developed utilizing any compound covered under the CFF Agreement. The CFF Agreement also requires the Company to pay to CFF royalties of a mid-single digit percentage, up to six times the actual award received, on any amounts received by the Company from the sale, license or transfer to a third-party of rights in the technology developed as a result of this collaboration. Any such royalty payments shall be credited against the payments owed by the Company upon first commercial sale. In the event of a change of control of the Company, CFF will receive certain payments, depending on the timing of the change of control and the size of the transaction. To date, the Company has not developed a commercial product in connection with the CFF Agreement, and it has not licensed, sold or otherwise transferred to another party the product developed under the CFF Agreement or the underlying technology. consecutive days and fails to present a reasonable plan to resume commercially reasonable efforts, the Company will grant to CFF an irrevocable, exclusive worldwide interruption license under all of the Company s interest in the research plan technology to exploit such product. Any third-party license granted by the Company shall be subject to such interruption license. Under ASC 606, the Company identified one performance obligation within the CFF grant agreement for research activities. The Company s contract with CFF does not include a significant financing component. The Company concluded that the transaction price should not include the variable consideration related to future research milestones as they were considered to be constrained as it is probable that the inclusion of such variable consideration could result in a significant reversal of cumulative revenue in the future. The Company re-evaluates the transaction price and estimated period of performance at each reporting period. For the year ended December 31, 2021, an adjustment of million was made to the transaction price to reflect the achievement of the fourth milestone related to demonstrating GFP expression and determining a cell specific expression profile in human and NHP upper airway ALI cultures following apical transduction under the CFF Agreement. Revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was immaterial. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred revenue relating to the CFF Agreement was million and million, respectively. There were accounts receivable from CFF under the CFF Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation was million. Based on current timelines, the deferred revenue is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next as the Company performs research services through the completion of IND-enabling studies. The obligation to make payments to CFF upon a change of control meets the definition of an embedded derivative that is required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for as a derivative liability. See Note 15 for further discussion of the embedded derivative. 

 upon execution, (ii) a non-refundable license fee of each year thereafter, until sales of a licensed product are made and royalties are paid to the UC Regents, (iii) reimbursement of domestic and foreign patent filing, prosecution and maintenance fees, and (iv) either or issuance of a equity interest in the Company upon the closing of the first qualified financing at the option of the UC Regents. The Company s first qualified financing occurred in 2015 and at the election of the UC Regents, the Company issued the UC Regents in January 2016 an amount of common stock equal to of the equity interests in the Company pursuant to the applicable clause in each of the UC Agreements. Pursuant to an agreement with the UC Regents executed in January 2019 the Company paid a non-refundable license fee of to the UC Regents upon execution of the agreement. The Company is obligated to pay a non-refundable license fee of on the one-year anniversary of the contract effective date and each year thereafter, until sales of a licensed product are made and royalties are paid to the UC Regents. In addition, the Company is obligated to make certain contingent payments including (i) development milestones up to million, (ii) low single digit royalties on the net sales of its developed products that consists of a minimum annual royalty of up to million per year for the term of the Agreement beginning in the first calendar year after the year in which net sales first occurred, and (iii) sublicense consideration in the mid-teens to the mid-twenties-range on any future sublicensing arrangements the Company may enter into with third-party licensees. In July 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with the UC Regents and the Trustees of the University Pennsylvania to license intellectual property related to certain vectors. In July 2021, the Company paid a non-refundable license fee of to the UC Regents upon execution of the agreement. The Company is obligated to pay a non-refundable license maintenance fee of on the one-year anniversary of the contract effective date and each year thereafter, except years for which the Company has paid royalties on the net sales of a licensed product. In addition, the Company is obligated to make certain contingent payments including (i) development milestones up to million, (ii) low single digit percentage rate royalties on the net sales of its licensed products that consists of a minimum annual royalty of up to million per year for the term of the Agreement beginning in the first calendar year after the year in which net sales first occurred and (iii) sublicense consideration in the mid-single digits to the low twenties percentage rate range on any future sublicensing arrangements the Company may enter into with third-party licensees. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred expenses of million and million, respectively, under the provisions of the outstanding license arrangements. 

 and updated the option to renew the lease at market rent from the prior additional term of to . In October 2018, the Company executed a second amendment to extend the lease to . Additionally, the second amendment provided a tenant improvement allowance of million, which was paid to the Company in November 2018. The 5980 Horton Street Building Lease is considered an operating lease under ASC 842 as it does not meet the criteria of a finance lease. As of December 31, 2022, the operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability was million and million, respectively. The discount rate used to determine the lease liability was . 5858 Horton Street Building Lease and Expansion In October 2018, the Company executed a second lease agreement for additional office and laboratory space in Emeryville, California. months beginning on the rent commencement date with the the lease for one additional term of at market rent. The Company did not have to pay rent until October 2019. This lease agreement also provided for a tenant improvement allowance of million, which was paid to the Company in December 2019. The Company amortizes the tenant improvement allowance on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the lease as a reduction of rent expense. In May 2019, the Company amended the second lease agreement executed in October 2018 to add additional office, manufacturing and laboratory space (the Expansion ). The amendment extended the term of the lease to December 31, 2029. The Company did not have to pay rent until December 2019. The lease agreement also included a tenant improvement allowance, which was increased to million in February 2021 pursuant to a second amendment to the second lease agreement. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has received million of this tenant improvement allowance. The tenant improvement allowance funds improvements to the additional office, manufacturing and laboratory space, which the Company has determined to be lessee owned. The allowance is treated as a reduction of lease payments used to measure the lease liability. The 5858 Horton Street Building Lease and Expansion is considered an operating lease under ASC 842 as it does not meet the criteria of a finance lease. As of December 31, 2022, the operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability was million and million, respectively. The discount rate used to determine the lease liability was . Total operating lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Neither of the leases include a general option for the Company to terminate the leases. 

Variable lease cost 

Total 

Variable lease payments include amounts relating to common area maintenance and are recognized in the statements of operations as incurred. 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: Amount representing interest 

() 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities 

Indemnification Agreements In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may include indemnification provisions, such as with vendors and other parties. Pursuant to such agreements, the Company may indemnify, hold harmless and defend an indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party. Some of the provisions will limit losses to those arising from third-party actions. In some cases, the indemnification will continue after the termination of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these provisions is not determinable. The Company has never incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. The Company has also entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers that require the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware corporate law. The Company currently maintains directors and officers liability insurance that would generally enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company believes the estimated fair value of its indemnification agreements in excess of applicable insurance coverage is not material. Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings arising from the ordinary course of its business. If applicable, the Company records a legal liability when it believes that it is both probable that a liability may be imputed, and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment by the Company is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. There are no material legal proceedings outstanding at December 31, 2022. See Note 13 for details of a settlement with a former employee in April 2021. 

 t record any income tax expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has a net operating loss and has provided a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets due to uncertainties regarding the Company s ability to realize these assets. All losses before income taxes arose in the United States. 

Research tax credit 

Permanent differences 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Other accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Research tax credits 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Intangible asset basis 

Operating lease liabilities 

Capitalized research expenditures 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax 

ASC 740, Income Taxes, requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of the Company s recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from future tax benefits is currently not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a full valuation allowance. The valuation allowance increased by million during 2022 and million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the valuation allowance for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily driven by net losses incurred, stock-based compensation expense and tax credits generated within the U.S. The Company had net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, available to reduce future taxable income, if any, for federal income tax purposes. million of the federal NOL carryforwards expire in and the remaining million carryforward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal research and development credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, and state research and development credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, available to reduce future taxable income, if any, for federal and California state income tax purposes, respectively. The federal credit carryforwards begin expiring in and the state credits carryforward . Utilization of the NOL carryforwards and research credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership percentage change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Annual limitations may result in the expiration of the NOL and tax credit carryforwards before they are utilized. The Company has experienced ownership changes in the past as a result of its Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock financing. As a result of the ownership changes, some of the tax attribute carryforwards may be permanently limited as they will expire unused and such amounts are excluded from our NOLs as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent ownership changes may result in additional limitations. 

Additions for current year tax positions 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Additions for current year tax positions 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The entire amount of the unrecognized tax benefits would not impact the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of existing unrecognized tax benefits will materially increase or decrease during the next 12 months. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and California tax jurisdictions. In general, the Company is no longer subject to tax examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state taxing authorities for years before 2017. Although the federal and state statutes are closed for purposes of assessing additional income tax in those prior years, the taxing authorities may still make adjustments to the NOL and credit carryforwards used in open years. Therefore, the tax statutes should be considered open as it relates to the NOL and credit carryforwards used in open years. The Company has no ongoing income tax examinations by tax authorities at this time. On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act was signed into law and contained provisions relating to extending the Employee Retention Tax Credit, additional funding for the PPP loan and Economic Injury Disaster Loans, as well as expanding the covered employees under Section 162(m) for tax years beginning after December 31, 2026. The Company does not expect the American Rescue Plan will have a material impact to its current income tax provision. On November 15, 2021, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was signed into law and contained several tax provisions including changes to the Employee Retention Tax Credit after September 30, 2021. The Company does not expect the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act will have a material impact to its income tax provision. In accordance with the 2017 Tax Act, research and experimental (R E) expenses under Internal Revenue Code Section 174 are required to be capitalized beginning in 2022. R E expenses are required to be amortized over a period of for domestic expenses and for foreign expenses. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset of million for capitalized R E expenses as of December 31, 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes certain tax measures, was signed into law by President Joe Biden on August 16, 2022. The act contains two main tax provisions: 1. , and 

 2. An excise tax imposed upon share repurchased by certain publicly traded corporations. 

 This provision is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Company is evaluating the provisions but does not believe the act will have a material impact. 

 shares of common stock, at the par value of per share. The holder of each share of common stock is entitled to . Common stockholders are entitled to dividends if and when declared by the board of directors, subject to the prior rights of the preferred stockholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends on common stock had been declared by the board of directors. 

Issuance of common stock under the 2020 Employee Stock Share Purchase Plan 

Exercise of options issued and outstanding 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

Total common stock reserved 

Funding Agreement with CFF In April 2020, CFF made a million investment in the Company's Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock financing. In return for the investment, CFF received shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, and the Company and CFF entered into a Funding Agreement the Funding Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Funding Agreement, except in the event of a technical failure, the million received from CFF will be used to advance the development program for 4D-710, the Company s lead product in cystic fibrosis, or any other therapeutic approved by the Program Advisory Group PAG to alleviate pulmonary complications of cystic fibrosis the Funding Agreement Product ). CFF committed to provide an additional million of funding upon acceptance of an Investigational New Drug IND application or its equivalent to allow for human testing of the Funding Agreement Product Acceptance ). The IND was cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in October 2021, and CFF made the additional investment of million in cash for the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock to CFF. Except in the event of a technical failure, the Company is committed to providing an amount equal to the funding provided by CFF to be used solely to advance the Funding Agreement Product. As of December 31, 2022, the funding commitment has not been fulfilled. A technical failure is defined as a determination by the Company, after consultation with and approval of the PAG that (i) the Funding Agreement Product has failed to reach its intended endpoints due to safety issues, lack of sufficient transgene expression and/or efficacy, each despite commercially reasonable efforts and (iii) the exercise of further commercially reasonable efforts is unlikely to correct such failure. Under the terms of the Funding Agreement, neither the million investment in the Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, which converted to common stock as of December 31, 2020, nor the million of funding upon Acceptance are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. 

 shares of common stock for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance bonus awards, performance stock units, dividend equivalents or other stock or cash based award granted to employees, directors and consultants of the Company. The number of shares reserved for future issuance under the 2020 Plan will increase annually on the first day of each fiscal year beginning in 2021 and ending in 2030 by the lesser of (i) of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an as converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such number of shares of common stock as determined by the Company's board of directors, provided, however, no more than shares of the Company's common stock may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. On March 28, 2022, an additional shares of common stock became available for issuance under the 2020 Plan, as a result of the operation of the automatic annual increase provision. All options are exercisable over a period not to exceed the contractual term of from the date the stock options were issued. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under the 2020 Plan. Following the effectiveness of the 2020 Plan, the Company will not make any further grants under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ). However, the 2015 Plan continues to govern the terms of options that remain outstanding under the 2015 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan The 2015 Plan provided for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, options to purchase shares of common stock were outstanding under the 2015 Plan. All options are exercisable over a period not to exceed the contractual term of from the date the stock options were issued and are granted at prices not less than the estimated fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date as determined by the board of directors. If an individual owns stock representing more than of the Company s outstanding shares, the exercise price of each share shall be at least of the fair market value on the date of grant. additional grants will be made under the 2015 Plan, and all outstanding grants under the 2015 Plan that are repurchased, forfeited, expire or are cancelled are returned back to the 2015 Plan and are not available for grant under the 2020 Plan. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In December 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020 ESPP ). Under the 2020 ESPP, shares of the Company's common stock were initially reserved for employee purchases of the Company's common stock under terms and provisions established by the Company's board of directors and approved by the Company's stockholders. The number of shares reserved for future issuance under the 2020 ESPP will increase annually on the first day of each fiscal year beginning in 2021 and ending in 2030 by the lesser of (i) of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an as converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such number of shares of common stock as determined by the Company's board of directors, provided, however, no more than shares the Company's common stock may be issued under the 2020 ESPP. On March 28, 2022, an additional shares of common stock became available for future issuance under the 2020 ESPP, as a result of the operation of this automatic annual increase provision. Under the 2020 ESPP the Company's employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market value of the stock at the beginning of the offering period or at the end of each applicable purchase period. The 2020 ESPP provides for a series of overlapping offering periods comprising four purchase periods. The initial offering period under the 2020 ESPP is longer than 24 months, commencing February 15, 2021 and ending on May 14, 2023. Contributions under the 2020 ESPP are limited to a maximum of of an employee's eligible compensation. Stock Options 

Options authorized 

Options granted 

() 

Options exercised 

() 

Options expired 

() 

Options forfeited 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Shares exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Shares vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted and stock options to employees with a weighted-average grant date fair value of and per share, respectively and and stock options to nonemployees with a weighted-average grant date fair value of and per share, respectively. The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of unvested options was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Stock-based compensation expense recorded for employee options was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense recorded for nonemployee consultants was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. years 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected Term . The expected term for employee options is calculated using the simplified method as the Company does not have sufficient historical information to provide a basis for estimate. The simplified method is based on the average of the vesting tranches and the contractual life of each grant. The expected term for nonemployee options is the contractual term of the options. Expected Volatility . The expected volatility was estimated based on a study of publicly traded peer companies as the Company did not have sufficient trading history for its common stock. The Company selected the peer group based on similarities in industry, stage of development, size and financial leverage with the Company s principal business operations. For each grant, the Company measured historical volatility over a period equivalent to the expected term. Risk-free Interest Rate . The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues whose term is similar in duration to the expected term of the respective stock option. Expected Dividend Yield . The Company has not paid and does not anticipate paying any dividends on its common stock in the future. Accordingly, the Company has estimated the dividend yield to be . 

 F- 31 

shares of the Company s common stock to a service provider with an exercise price of per share, of which warrant shares become exercisable upon completion of an offering of securities in a private placement by the Company with net proceeds in excess of million and warrant shares become exercisable upon completion of an IPO by the Company. The warrant expires in . The fair value of the warrant was determined at the issuance date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. of these warrant shares became exercisable upon the completion of the Series B financing in 2018 and of these warrants became exercisable upon completion of the IPO in 2020. shares of this warrant were exercised in . In May 2018, the Company issued a warrant for shares of the Company s common stock to a service provider with an exercise price of per share. The fair value of the warrant was determined at the issuance date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, expires in and upon issuance was fully vested. In December 2020, the Company issued a warrant for shares of the Company s common stock to a service provider with an exercise price of per share. This warrant vests over a period of and expires in . The fair value of the warrant was determined at the issuance date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In April 2021, the Company issued a warrant for shares of the Company s common stock to a former employee with an exercise price of per share as a result of a settlement agreement with such former employee. The warrant was exercised in . The Company recorded less than million expense for the above warrants within operating expenses in the statements of operations during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

() 

Denominator 

Weighted-average shares outstanding used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

2020 ESPP 

Common stock warrants 

Total 

million to million at December 31, 2022 and 2021), the probability of a change of control event, the probability of the product achieving development or commercial status at time of change of control (range of to at December 31, 2022 and 2021) and the discount rate at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021). The Company determined the estimated fair value of this liability as of the inception date of the CFF Agreement and concluded that the amount was immaterial. The Company determined the fair value of this derivative liability was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 and , respectively, to David Schaffer, Ph.D., a co-founder, and former director and Chief Scientific Advisor of the Company for consulting services while Dr. Schaffer was a director. The Company made no payments to Dr. Schaffer during the year ended December 31, 2022 other than fees earned in his capacity as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. In April 2019, the Company entered into sponsored research agreements SRAs with the UC Regents to conduct research in a research facility on the U.C. Berkeley campus, under the direction of Dr. Schaffer. The SRAs had a term that ended in May 2022. Under the SRAs, the Company had an option to license (on a royalty-bearing basis) all intellectual property generated under the SRAs. The total amount the Company was committed to pay to the UC Regents under the SRAs was million, which was fully paid as of December 31, 2022. In March 2021, the Company entered into another sponsored research agreement with the UC Regents to conduct research in laboratories on the U.C. Berkeley campus that are under the direction of Dr. Schaffer and another U.C. Berkeley professor covering investigations into how machine learning approaches may enhance AAV capsid engineering (the Machine Learning SRA ). Pursuant to the Machine Learning SRA, the Company committed to pay the UC Regents a total of million, of which million was paid as of December 31, 2022. The Machine Learning SRA had a term ending in 2024. The Company could terminate the Machine Learning SRA for convenience and without cause with 60 days notice. The Machine Learning SRA was terminated by the Company in . While the Machine Learning SRA was between the Company and the UC Regents, the payments under the SRA were used to fund the lab under the direction of Dr. Schaffer. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounts payable to the UC Regents related to the SRAs and Machine Learning SRA was million. Any patent prosecution costs incurred under the Machine Learning SRA and the SRAs were borne by the Company. In the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of expense related to these agreements. As of February 2022, the Machine Learning SRA and the SRAs ceased to be related party transactions upon the resignation of Dr. Schaffer from the board of directors of the Company. 

 F- 33 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 million from time to time through Jefferies, acting as its sales agent. As of March 3, 2023, approximately million shares were sold pursuant to the Open Market Sales Agreement for net proceeds to the Company of million, after deducting issuance costs. As of March 3, 2023, million of the Company's common stock remained available to be sold under the Open Market Sales Agreement, subject to conditions specified in the Open Market Sales Agreement. There were shares sold under the Open Market Sales Agreement subsequent to March 3, 2023. 

 F- 34 

<EX-4>
 2
 fdmt-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. had one class of common stock registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 The following summary describes our capital stock and the material provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, the amended and restated investors rights agreement to which we and certain of our stockholders are parties, and the Delaware General Corporation Law. Because the following is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a complete description, you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and amended and restated investors rights agreement, each of which is incorporated herein by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. Unless our board of directors determines otherwise, we will issue all shares of our capital stock in uncertificated form. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 	 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 18 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the voting shares are able to elect all of the directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding voting stock is required to take certain actions, including amending certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such as the provisions relating to amending our amended and restated bylaws, the classified board and director liability. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Rights and Preferences 
 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 

Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 
 All of our outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of our common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other corporate action. As of December 31, 2022, no shares of preferred stock are outstanding, and we have no present plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Registration Rights 
 
 Under our amended and restated investors rights agreement, based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the holders of 1.9 million shares of our common stock, or their transferees, have the right to require us to register their shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act so that those shares may be publicly resold, and the holders of 1.9 million shares of our common stock, or their transferees, have the right to include their shares in any registration statement we file, in each case as described below. 
 
 Demand Registration Rights 
 
 Based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the holders of 1.9 million shares of our common stock (on an as-converted basis), or their transferees, are entitled to certain demand registration rights. The holders of at least 50 of these shares can, on not more than two occasions, request that we register all or a portion of their shares if the aggregate price to the public of the shares offered is at least 30.0 million (before deductions of underwriters commissions and expenses). 
 
 Piggyback Registration Rights 
 
 Based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, in the event that we determine to register any of our securities under the Securities Act (subject to certain exceptions), either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, the holders of 1.9 million shares of our common stock (on an as-converted basis), or their transferees, will be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights allowing the holders to include their shares in such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to a registration related to employee benefit plans, the offer and sale of debt securities, or corporate reorganizations or certain other transactions, the holders of these shares are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right, subject to limitations that the underwriters may impose on the number of shares included in the registration, to include their shares in the registration. In an underwritten offering, the managing underwriter, if any, has the right, subject to specified conditions, to exclude or limit the number of shares such holders may include. 
 
 Form S-3 Registration Rights 
 
 Based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the holders of 1.9 million shares of our common stock (on an as-converted basis), or their transferees, are entitled to certain Form S-3 registration rights. The holders of at least 30 of these registrable securities then outstanding can make a written request that we register their shares on Form S-3 if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3 and if the aggregate price to the public of the shares offered is at least 5.0 million (before deductions of underwriters commissions and 
 
 expenses). These stockholders may make an unlimited number of requests for registration on Form S-3, but in no event shall we be required to file more than two registrations on Form S-3 in any given twelve-month period. 
 
 Expenses of Registration 
 
 We will pay the registration expenses of the holders of the shares registered pursuant to the demand, piggyback and Form S-3 registration rights described above, including the expenses in an amount not to exceed 25,000 of one special counsel for the selling holders. 
 
 Expiration of Registration Rights 
 
 The demand, piggyback and Form S-3 registration rights described above will expire, with respect to any particular stockholder, upon the earlier of December 10, 2025 or when that stockholder can sell all of its shares under Rule 144 of the Securities Act during any three-month period (and without the requirement for us to be in compliance with the current public information required under Section c(1) of Rule 144 of the Securities Act). 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware Law 
 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult: acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market price for our shares. 
 
 These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits persons deemed interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination with a publicly-held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, such as discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 
 The ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock will make it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. 

Special Stockholder Meetings 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called at any time by our board of directors, or our President or Chief Executive Officer, but such special meetings may not be called by our stockholders or any other person or persons. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws established advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors. 
 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws do not provide for the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. 
 
 Classified Board; Election and Removal of Directors; Filling Vacancies 
 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes. The directors in each class serve for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our stockholders, with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors is elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, our stockholders holding a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding are able to elect all of our directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for the removal of any of our directors only for cause and requires a stockholder vote by the holders of at least a 66 2/3 of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock. Furthermore, any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board of directors, may only be filled by a resolution of our board of directors unless our board of directors determines that such vacancies shall be filled by our stockholders. This system of electing and removing directors and filling vacancies may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 
 
 Choice of Forum 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or stockholders to us or to our stockholders; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time); or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. As a result, any action brought by any of our stockholders with regard to any of these matters will need to be filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and cannot be filed in any other jurisdiction; provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. Nothing in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws preclude stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. 

If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope described above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action ), in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the applicable provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. 
 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Amendment of Charter Provisions 
 
 The amendment of any of the above provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, except for the provision making it possible for our board of directors to issue undesignated preferred stock, requires approval by a stockholder vote by the holders of at least a 66 2/3 of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock. 
 
 The provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; or 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Each of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provides that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our amended and restated bylaws also obligate us to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under Delaware law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. With specified exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification 
 
 agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 
 
 The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damages. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FDMT. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. 

</EX-4>

<EX-23>
 3
 fdmt-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-263908, 333-254701 and 333-251370) of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. of our report dated March 15, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California March 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 fdmt-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 
 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David Kirn, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Kirn 

David Kirn 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 fdmt-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 
 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, August J. Moretti, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ August Moretti 

August J. Moretti 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 fdmt-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, David Kirn, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and August J. Moretti, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 
 a) the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

b) the information contained in such Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Inc. 

Dated: March 15, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ David Kirn 

David Kirn 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 15, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ August J. Moretti 

August J. Moretti 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 fdmt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 fdmt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 fdmt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 fdmt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 fdmt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

