<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230213_10-K_edgar_data_1571283_0001571283-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37415318</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>515513</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3600706</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16252281</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7942274</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8460126</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571283-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230210215329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571283-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				462024407
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36008
		FILM NUMBER:		23614367

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11620 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-966-1680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11620 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rexford Industrial, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571283-23-000006.txt : 20230213

10-K
 1
 rexr-20221231.htm
 10-K

rexr-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 . . _______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 . _______________________ __________________________________________________________________________ . 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 . ____________________ __________________________________________________________________________ . 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbols Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 
 Indica te by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE was approximately billion. The registrant had no non-voting common equity outstanding on such date. This amount excludes 218,598 shares of the registrant s common stock held by the executive officers and directors. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding at February 8, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE NO. PART I Item 1 . 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B . 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2 . 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 PART II Item 5 . 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 52 
 Item 6 . 
 [Reserved] 
 53 
 Item 7 . 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 
 Item 7A . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 81 
 Item 8 . 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 81 
 Item 9 . 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 
 Item 9A . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 82 
 Item 9B . 
 Other information 
 82 
 Item 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 82 
 PART III Item 10 . 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 
 Item 11 . 
 Executive Compensation 
 83 
 Item 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 83 
 Item 13 . 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 
 Item 14 . 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 83 
 PART IV Item 15 . 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 87 
 SIGNATURES 
 88 

PART I 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 We make statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are forward-looking statements, which are usually identified by the use of words such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, might, plans, potential, possible, predicts, projects, result, seeks, should, will, and variations of such words or similar expressions. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies or prospects will be attained or achieved and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and may be affected by a variety of risks and factors including, without limitation: 
 the competitive environment in which we operate; 
 real estate risks, including fluctuations in real estate values and the general economic climate in local markets and competition for tenants in such markets; 
 decreased rental rates or increasing vacancy rates; 
 potential defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; 
 potential bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants; 
 acquisition risks, including failure of such acquisitions to perform in accordance with expectations; 
 the timing of acquisitions and dispositions; 
 potential natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires or floods; 
 the consequence of any future security alerts and/or terrorist attacks; 
 national, international, regional and local economic conditions, including impacts and uncertainty from trade disputes and tariffs on goods imported to the United States and goods exported to other countries; 
 the general level of interest rates; 
 potential impacts from inflation; 
 potential changes in the law or governmental regulations that affect us and interpretations of those laws and regulations, including changes in real estate and zoning or real estate investment trust REIT tax laws, and potential increases in real property tax rates; 
 financing risks, including the risks that our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest and we may be unable to refinance our existing debt upon maturity or obtain new financing on attractive terms or at all; 
 lack of or insufficient amounts of insurance; 
 our failure to complete acquisitions; 
 our failure to successfully integrate acquired properties; 
 our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT; 
 our ability to maintain our current investment grade ratings by Fitch Ratings Fitch ), Moody s Investors Services Moody s) or from Standard and Poor s Ratings Services S P 
 litigation, including costs associated with prosecuting or defending pending or threatened claims and any adverse outcomes; 
 possible environmental liabilities, including costs, fines or penalties that may be incurred due to necessary remediation of contamination of properties presently owned or previously owned by us; 
 an epidemic or pandemic, and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities may implement to address it, which may precipitate or exacerbate one or more of the above-mentioned factors and/or other risks, and significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business in the ordinary course for an extended period; and 
 other events outside of our control. 
 Accordingly, there is no assurance that our expectations will be realized. Except as otherwise required by the U.S. federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein (or elsewhere) to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in 
 1 

events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should review carefully our financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as Item 1A. entitled Risk Factors in this report. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Set forth below is a summary of the risks described under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Our portfolio of properties is concentrated in the industrial real estate sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. 
 Our portfolio of properties is dependent upon regional and local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in Southern California infill markets, which causes us to be especially susceptible to adverse developments in those markets. 
 Our properties are concentrated in certain industries that make us susceptible to adverse events with respect to those industries. 
 We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions of properties that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth. 
 Our future acquisitions may not yield the returns we expect. 
 Many of our costs could be adversely impacted by periods of heightened inflation. 
 An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and new debt and could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt. 
 We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire, or renewing existing leases may require significant concession, inducements and/or capital expenditures. 
 We face significant competition in the leasing market, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 A substantial majority of the leases at our properties are with tenants who have non-investment grade credit ratings, which may result in our leasing to tenants that are more likely to default in their obligations to us than a tenant with an investment grade credit rating. 
 Risks Related To Our Capital Structure 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital that are outside of our control and may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Our debt level reduces cash available for distribution and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 Mortgage and other secured debt obligations expose us to the possibility of foreclosure, which could result in the loss of our investment in a property or group of properties subject to mortgage debt. 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect us. 
 Our unsecured credit facility, unsecured notes and certain of our other secured loans contain, and any other future indebtedness we incur may contain, various covenants, including business activity restrictions, and the failure to comply with those covenants could materially adversely affect us. 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry 
 Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with real estate assets and the real estate industry. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of common units, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 We are a holding company with no direct operations and, as such, we will rely on funds received from our Operating Partnership to pay liabilities, and the interests of our stockholders will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities and obligations of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. 
 2 

Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 3 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 References to we, our, us, our company, or the Company refer to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with our consolidated subsidiaries (unless the context requires otherwise), including Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership, of which we are the sole general partner and which we refer to in this report as our Operating Partnership. In statements regarding qualification as a REIT, such terms refer solely to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 We are a self-administered and self-managed full-service REIT focused on owning, operating and acquiring industrial properties in Southern California infill markets. Our goal is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders by providing superior access to industrial property investments in Southern California infill markets. 
 We were formed as a Maryland corporation on January 18, 2013 and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), of which we are the sole general partner, was formed as a Maryland limited partnership on January 18, 2013. Through our controlling interest in our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, we acquire, own, improve, redevelop, lease and manage industrial real estate primarily located in Southern California infill markets, and from time to time, acquire or provide mortgage debt secured by industrial property. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio consisted of 356 properties with approximately 42.4 million rentable square feet. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2013. We are generally not subject to federal taxes on our income to the extent we distribute our REIT taxable income to our shareholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 
 Business Objectives and Growth Strategies 
 Our primary business objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders through dividends and capital appreciation. We believe that pursuing the following strategies will enable us to achieve this objective: 
 Internal Growth through Intensive, Value-Add Asset Management. 
 We employ an intensive asset management strategy that is designed to increase cash flow and occupancy from our properties. Our strategy includes proactive renewal of existing tenants, re-tenanting to achieve higher rents, and repositioning and redeveloping industrial property by renovating, modernizing or increasing functionality to increase cash flow and value. For example, we sometimes convert formerly single-tenant properties to multi-tenant occupancy to capitalize upon the higher per square foot rents generated by smaller spaces in our target markets in addition to adding or improving loading access and increasing fire, life-safety and building operating systems, among other value-add initiatives. We believe that by undertaking such conversions or other functional enhancements, we can position our properties to attract a larger universe of potential tenants, increase occupancy, tenant quality and rental rates. We also believe that multi-tenant properties, as well as single mid-size buildings, help to limit our exposure to tenant default risk and to diversify our sources of cash flow. Additionally, our proactive approach to leasing and asset management is driven by our in-house leasing department and team of portfolio and property managers who maintain direct, day-to-day relationships and dialogue with our tenants, which we believe enhances recurring cash flow and reduces periods of vacancy. 
 External Growth through Acquisitions. 
 We continue to grow our portfolio through disciplined acquisitions in prime Southern California infill markets. We believe that our relationship-, data- and event-driven research allows us to identify and exploit asset mispricing and market inefficiencies. We seek to acquire assets with value-add opportunities to increase their cash flow and asset values, often targeting off-market or lightly marketed transactions where our execution abilities and market credibility encourage owners to sell assets to us at what we consider pricing that is more favorable than heavily marketed transactions. We also seek to source transactions from owners with generational ownership shift, fund divestment, sale-leaseback/corporate surplus, maturing loans, some facing liquidity needs or financial stress, including loans that lack economical refinancing options. We also believe our deep market presence and relationships may enable us to selectively acquire assets in marketed transactions that may be difficult to access for less focused buyers. 
 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that our investment strategy and operating model distinguishes us from other owners, operators and acquirers of industrial real estate in several important ways, including the following: 
 4 

Focus on Industrial Assets in Southern California s Infill Market : We intend to continue our core strategy of owning and operating industrial properties within Southern California s infill regions. Infill markets are considered high-barrier to entry markets with scarcity of vacant or developable land and high concentrations of people, jobs, housing, income, wages and consumption. We believe Southern California s infill industrial property market is the largest, most fragmented industrial market in the nation, demonstrating favorable long-term tenant demand fundamentals in the face of an ongoing scarcity and diminishment of supply. We have a portfolio of 356 properties totaling approximately 42.4 million square feet, which are all located in Southern California infill markets. 
 Diversified Tenant Mix: Our portfolio is leased to a broad tenant base, drawn from diverse industry sectors. We believe that this diversification reduces our exposure to tenant default risk and earnings volatility. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,677 leases, with no single tenant accounting for more than 2.2 of our total annualized base rent. Our portfolio is also geographically diversified within the Southern California market across the following submarkets: Los Angeles 56.6 ; San Bernardino 19.0 ; Orange County 10.0 ; Ventura 7.4 ; and San Diego 7.0 . 
 Superior Access to Investment Opportunities: We believe that we enjoy superior access to value-add, off-market, lightly marketed and marketed acquisition opportunities, many of which are difficult for competing investors to access. Off-market and lightly marketed transactions are characterized by a lack of a formal marketing process and a lack of widely disseminated marketing materials. Marketed transactions are often characterized by extensive buyer competition, making such transactions difficult to close on for less-focused investors. As we are principally focused on the Southern California market, our executive management and acquisition teams have developed and maintain a deep, broad network of relationships among key market participants, including property brokers, lenders, owners and tenants. We employ an extensive broker marketing, incentives and loyalty program. We also utilize data and event-driven analytics and primary research to identify and pursue events and circumstances, including below-market leased properties, properties with curable functional obsolescence, generational ownership changes, and financial stress related to properties, owners, lenders, and tenants, that tend to generate early access to emerging investment opportunities. 
 Vertically Integrated Platform : We are a full-service real estate operating company, with substantial in-house capabilities in all aspects of our business. Our platform includes experienced in-house teams focused on acquisitions, analytics and underwriting, asset management, repositioning and redevelopment, property management, sales and leasing, design, construction management, as well as finance, accounting, legal, technology and human relations departments. 
 Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment Expertise : Our in-house redevelopment and construction management team employs an entrepreneurial approach to redevelopment and repositioning activities that are designed to increase the functionality, cash flow and value of our properties. Repositioning activities include converting large underutilized spaces into a series of smaller and more functional spaces, creating generic industrial space that appeals to a wide range of tenants, adding additional square footage and modernizing properties by, among other things, upgrading fire, life-safety and building operating systems, resolving functional obsolescence, adding or enhancing loading areas and truck access and making other accretive modernization improvements. Our environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals influence our repositioning and redevelopment projects, where we focus on transforming outdated and inefficient buildings into high functioning, energy efficient and higher value industrial properties. Additionally, we pursue U.S. Green Building Council LEED certification for all ground-up developments. This repositioning and redevelopment work has the potential to revitalize our communities while reducing negative environmental impact. Redevelopment activities include fully or partially demolishing an existing building(s) due to building obsolescence and/or a property with excess or vacant land and constructing a ground-up building. 
 Growth-Oriented, Flexible and Conservative Capital Structure : Our capital structure provides us with the resources, financial flexibility and the capacity to support the future growth of our business. Since our initial public offering, we have raised capital through eight public offerings of our common stock (including one completed in 2022), three public offerings of preferred stock, through sales of common stock under our various at-the-market equity offering programs and through two public offerings of senior notes. We currently have an at-the-market equity offering program ATM program pursuant to which we may sell from time to time up to an aggregate of 1.0 billion of our common stock directly through sales agents or by entering into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers. As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have sold 834.6 million of our common stock under this ATM program, leaving us with the capacity to issue up to 165.4 million of additional shares. We also have a credit agreement with a 1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, and as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we did not have any borrowings outstanding, leaving 1.0 billion available for future borrowings. The credit agreement has an accordion feature that permits us to request additional lender commitments up to an additional 800 million, which may be comprised of additional revolving commitments, term loan commitments or any combination thereof, subject to certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022, our ratio of net debt to total market capitalization was 14.9 . 
 5 

Competition 
 In acquiring our target properties, we compete with other public industrial property sector REITs, income oriented non-traded REITs, private real estate fund managers and local real estate investors and developers, some of which have greater financial resources or other competitive advantages than we do. Such competition may result in an increase in the amount we must pay to acquire a property or may require us to forgo an investment in properties which would otherwise meet our investment criteria. We also face significant competition in leasing available properties to prospective tenants and in re-leasing space to existing tenants. As a result, we may have to provide rent concessions, incur expenses for tenant improvements or offer other inducements to enable us to timely lease vacant space, all of which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Insurance 
 We carry commercial property, liability, environmental, earthquake and terrorism coverage on all the properties in our portfolio under blanket insurance policies. In addition, we hold other environmental policies for certain properties with known environmental conditions that provide for additional coverage for potential environmental liabilities, subject to the policy s coverage conditions and limitations. Generally, we do not carry insurance for certain types of extraordinary losses, including, but not limited to, losses caused by floods (unless the property is located in a flood plain), riots, war and wildfires. Substantially all of our properties are located in areas that are subject to earthquakes, and while we maintain earthquake insurance coverage, the events are subject to material deductibles and exclusions. Additionally, seismic risks are evaluated for properties during acquisition by a qualified structural engineer and to the extent that the engineer identifies a property with weaknesses that contribute to a high statistical risk, the property will generally be structurally retrofitted to reduce the statistical risk to an acceptable level. 
 
 Regulation 
 General 
 Our properties are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to common areas and fire and safety requirements. We believe that we have the necessary permits and approvals to operate each of our properties. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act 
 Our properties must comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (the ADA to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined under the ADA. Under the ADA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The ADA may require removal of structural barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our properties where such removal is readily achievable. Although we believe that the properties in our portfolio in the aggregate substantially comply with present requirements of the ADA, and we have not received any notice for correction from any regulatory agency, we have not conducted a comprehensive audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine whether we are in compliance, and therefore we may own properties that are not in compliance with current ADA standards. 
 ADA compliance is dependent upon the tenant s specific use of the property, and as the use of a property changes or improvements to existing spaces are made, we will take steps to ensure compliance. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in additional costs to attain compliance, imposition of fines by the U.S. government or an award of damages plus attorney s fees to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our properties and make alterations to achieve compliance as deemed commercially reasonable. 
 Environmental Matters 
 The properties that we acquire are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws. Under these laws, courts and government agencies have the authority to require us, to the extent we own a contaminated property, to clean up the property, even if we did not know of or were not responsible for the contamination. These laws also apply to persons who owned a property at the time it became contaminated and, therefore, it is possible we could incur these costs even after we sell some of the properties we acquire. In addition to the costs of cleanup, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and, therefore, an owner s ability to borrow using the property as collateral or to sell the property. From time to time we are required to export soils (which may or may not contain hazardous materials) from our sites, and under applicable environmental laws, courts and government agencies also have the authority to require that a person who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, pay for the clean-up of that facility if it becomes contaminated and threatens human health or the environment. 
 6 

Furthermore, various court decisions have established that third parties may recover damages for injury caused by property contamination. For instance, a person exposed to asbestos at a property may seek to recover damages if he or she suffers injury from the asbestos. Lastly, some of these environmental laws restrict the use of a property or place conditions on various activities. An example would be laws that require a business using chemicals to manage them carefully and to notify local officials that the chemicals are being used. 
 We could be responsible for any of the costs discussed above, which have the potential to be very significant. The costs to clean up a contaminated property, to defend against a claim or to comply with environmental laws could be material and could adversely affect the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. To mitigate some of the environmental risk, our properties are covered by a blanket environmental insurance policy. In addition, we hold other environmental policies for certain properties with known environmental conditions that provide for additional coverage for potential environmental liabilities. These policies, however, are subject to certain limits, deductibles and exclusions, and insurance may not fully compensate us for any environmental liability. We obtain Phase I or similar environmental assessments by independent environmental consultants at the time of acquisition of a property. Phase I environmental investigations are a common form of real estate due diligence that are governed by nationally recognized American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) standards and typically conducted by licensed environmental scientists. Phase I investigations commonly include a physical walk-through of the property in addition to a file review of the site. The file review includes creating a known operating history of the site. This includes, but is not limited to, inquiries with local governmental agencies as well as reviewing historical aerial reviews. If the consultant identifies any unexplained Recognized Environmental Concerns REC then the consultant may recommend further investigation, usually through specific invasive property tests. This additional round of investigation is commonly referred to as a Phase II . Invasive testing may or may not include air, soil, soil vapor or ground water sampling. Additionally, it may or may not include an asbestos and/or lead-based paint survey. Depending on the results of the initial Phase II investigation, the consultant may recommend further Phase II investigations, or if satisfied with the results, the consultant may decide the initial REC identified is no longer a concern. On occasion the seller of a property may not allow us to conduct a Phase II investigation, and we may elect to proceed with a property acquisition without a Phase II based on our risk assessment and mitigating factors informed by our third-party environmental consultants and advisors. Although we obtain a Phase I, a Phase II as permitted by the property seller, or similar environmental site assessments by independent environmental consultants on each property prior to acquiring it, these environmental assessments may not reveal all environmental risks that might have a materially adverse economic effect on our business, assets and results of operations or liquidity, and may not identify all potential environmental liabilities, and our portfolio environmental and any site-specific insurance policies may be insufficient to cover any such environmental costs and liabilities. 
 We can make no assurances that (1) future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose material environmental liabilities on us, or (2) the current environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by tenants, the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our properties (such as releases from underground storage tanks), or by third parties unrelated to us. 
 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 223 employees supported by five regional offices within our Southern California market to service our business and tenants, optimize the welfare and productivity of our staff, and minimize commute times for our staff and to our properties. Nearly all employees have the opportunity to work remotely and have regular access to utilize our various offices, providing them with flexible working conditions while achieving our performance objectives and the ability to minimize the spread of illness and maintain business continuity during times of increased local health and safety risks. We believe that we have good relations with our employees. None of our employees are represented by a union. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Policies and Procedures for Complaints Regarding Accounting and Fraud, including a phone number and website for employees to voice anonymous concerns. All such concerns are then brought to the attention of our independent audit committee of the board of directors and our general counsel. These policies apply to all of our employees, and receipt and review by each employee is documented and verified annually. 
 Employee Engagement and Support 
 We believe employee engagement and recognition of strong performance are key components of a strong corporate culture. As part of our ongoing efforts to encourage employee engagement, we routinely solicit employee feedback, sometimes via anonymous surveys, and hold teambuilding events. Employees received formal recognition awards during our all-company quarterly meetings after being nominated by their peers. Each employee undergoes performance discussions at least twice per year, with annual compensation adjustment consideration commensurate with the market and individual performance. Our voluntary turnover rate was 7 in 2022. Our referral rate for new hires was 36 , which we believe is indicative of employee engagement and commitment. Additionally, all employees receive a weekly update via email from our executive management team. 
 7 

We offer and encourage ongoing employee training and advancement opportunities, with a wide variety of thousands of courses and topics including management, leadership, personal development, diversity and inclusion, sexual harassment prevention, antibribery, health and safety, and technical skills development. Many of our employees have contributed to the creation of learning content, leveraging our employee expertise and engagement and promoting a culture of learning. On average, each employee completed over 20 hours of focused training in 2022. We also have a tuition reimbursement program which provides our team with additional opportunities to grow and succeed in their careers. Additionally, we have a paid parental leave policy for birthing and non-birthing parents to support the bonding and wellness of our employees and their newborn children. In 2022 we established a flexible time off policy under which employees no longer need to accrue time off and time off is not capped. We believe that employees should maintain a healthy work life balance with time away from work, exercising judgement to determine the appropriate time off for themselves based on workload and the collective need to achieve the Company s goals. Nearly 39 of our employees at the director level and higher were developed and promoted from within the Company. 
 Workforce Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 The Company values diversity, including diversity of experience, background, and ethnicity. Our employees are 56 female and 44 male, and 53 of our employees self-identify as members of a racial or ethnic minority. Employees at the director level and higher are 38 female and 62 male. Our eight-member board of directors was 38 female and 25 ethnically diverse as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Additional Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 11620 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1000, Los Angeles, California 90025 (telephone 310-966-1680). 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, Information Statements and amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our investor relations website at http://www.rexfordindustrial.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). All reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 Our board of directors maintains charters for each of its committees and has adopted a written set of corporate governance guidelines and a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to independent directors, executive officers, employees and agents, each of which is available for viewing on our website at http://www.rexfordindustrial.com under the heading Investor Relations Company Information Governance Governance Documents. 
 Website addresses referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained on our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or documents we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Set forth below are some (but not all) of the factors that could adversely affect our performance and financial condition. Moreover, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we predict the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 
 We believe the following risks are material to our stockholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our company, our properties and our business. The occurrence of any of the following risks could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our common stock and might cause our stockholders to lose all or part of their investment. For purposes of this section, the term stockholders means the holders of shares of our common stock and preferred stock. 
 8 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Our portfolio of properties is concentrated in the industrial real estate sector, and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. 
 Our properties are concentrated in the industrial real estate sector. This concentration exposes us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities included a more significant portion of other sectors of the real estate industry. 
 Our portfolio of properties is dependent upon regional and local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in Southern California infill markets, which causes us to be especially susceptible to adverse developments in those markets. 
 All of our properties are located in Southern California, which may expose us to greater or lesser economic risks than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. We are particularly susceptible to adverse economic or other conditions in Southern California, as well as to natural disasters that occur in this market. Most of our properties are located in areas known to be seismically active. While we diversify the geographic concentrations of assets within Southern California and carry insurance for losses resulting from earthquakes, the amount of our coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover losses from earthquakes and associated disasters, and the policies are subject to material deductibles and self-insured retention. The Southern California market has experienced downturns in past years, and the COVID-19 pandemic demonstrated the adverse impact that governmental restrictions in response to pandemics can have, and may continue to have, on the economy of the Southern California market. Any future downturns in the Southern California economy could impact our tenants ability to continue to meet their rental obligations or otherwise adversely affect the size of our tenant base, which could materially adversely affect our operations and our revenue and cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay distributions to our stockholders. If material reductions of imports through or a material labor issue were to occur at the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, it could reduce the need for tenants to store related imported goods in our properties and result in higher market vacancy and lower rents. We cannot assure you that the Southern California market will grow or that underlying real estate fundamentals will be favorable to owners and operators of industrial properties. Our operations may also be affected if competing properties are built in the Southern California market. In addition, the State of California is more highly regulated and taxed than many other states, all of which may reduce demand for industrial space in California and may make it costlier to operate our business. Additionally, conditions in Southern California related to homelessness, crime, tax rates and heightened regulation could negatively impact economic conditions and make tenants less desirous to lease properties from us. In November 2022, various transfer tax ballot measures passed, including Measure ULA in the City of Los Angeles where as of December 31, 2022, we owned 62 properties representing approximately 15.4 of the rentable square footage of our portfolio. Beginning in April 2023, Measure ULA imposes an additional fee at the time of sale at a rate of 4 for properties between 5 million and 10 million and 5.5 for those 10 million or above. Additional California ballot measure initiatives have sought the removal of Proposition 13 property tax protections, which proposals have not passed, but if successful could cause a significant increase in property taxes at our properties. Any adverse economic or real estate developments in the Southern California market as described above, or any decrease in demand for industrial space resulting from the regulatory environment, business climate or energy or fiscal problems, could adversely impact us and our stockholders. 
 The ongoing impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, including ongoing governmental emergency declarations with emergency powers, may impact our ability to collect rent and could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. 
 The ongoing impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, including the spread of new variants of the virus, ongoing governmental emergency declarations with emergency powers, and the transition from a Zero-COVID policy in China may have significant adverse impact on economic and market conditions around the world, including the United States and the infill Southern California markets in which we own properties and have development projects, and could further trigger a period of sustained global and U.S. economic downturn or recession. In particular, in Southern California, the state of California and certain municipalities, including where we own properties and/or have redevelopment projects, any reinstitution of quarantines, restrictions on travel, restrictions on businesses and construction projects may impact our performance. Many of the industries in which our tenants are concentrated and other industries may be subject to risks as the flow of goods from China could be impacted from China s transition from a Zero-COVID policy, which may negatively impact their performance and ability to pay rent. This could lead to adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. These trends may also influence occupancy levels and the immediate ability or willingness of certain of our tenants to pay rent in full on a timely basis. 
 The rapid development and fluidity of any pandemic, including COVID-19, and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and the potential for future pandemic related developments present material risks and uncertainties with respect to our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and could also have a material adverse effect on the value and trading price of our common stock. Moreover, to the 
 9 

extent any of these risks and uncertainties adversely impact us in the ways described above or otherwise, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks set forth in this Risk Factors section. 
 Our properties are concentrated in certain industries that make us susceptible to adverse events with respect to those industries. 
 Our properties are concentrated in certain industries, which, as of December 31, 2022, included the following (and accounted for the percentage of our total annualized base rent indicated): Transportation and Warehousing (24.3 ); Wholesale Trade (21.8 ); and Manufacturing (20.3 ). Any downturn in one or more of these industries, or in any other industry in which we may have a significant concentration now or in the future, could adversely affect our tenants who are involved in such industries. If any of these tenants is unable to withstand such downturn or is otherwise unable to compete effectively in its business, it may be forced to declare bankruptcy, fail to meet its rental obligations, seek rental concessions or be unable to enter into new leases, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions of properties that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth. 
 Our business strategy involves the acquisition of properties meeting certain investment criteria in our target markets. These activities require us to identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategies. In addition, the current market for acquisitions of industrial properties in Southern California continues to be extremely competitive. This competition may increase the demand for our target properties and, therefore, reduce the number of suitable acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the prices paid for such acquisition properties. We may be unable to acquire properties identified as potential acquisition opportunities on favorable terms, or at all, which could slow our growth. We may acquire properties utilized for non-industrial uses, including office properties, where our long-term strategy is to develop, redevelop or reposition the asset into industrial property. Prior to executing our strategy, we may lack non-industrial property management expertise necessary to optimally manage the non-industrial properties. 
 If we are unable to finance property acquisitions or acquire properties on favorable terms, or at all, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Our acquisition activities may pose risks that could harm our business. 
 As a result of our acquisitions, we may be required to incur debt and expenditures and issue additional common stock or common units to pay for the acquired properties. These acquisitions may dilute our stockholders ownership interest, delay or prevent our profitability and may also expose us to risks such as overpayment, reduction in value of acquired properties, and the possibility of pre-existing undisclosed liabilities, including environmental or asbestos liability, for which our insurance may be insufficient or for which we may be unable to secure insurance coverage. 
 We cannot provide assurance that the price for any future acquisitions will be similar to prior acquisitions. If our revenue does not keep pace with these potential acquisition and expansion costs, we may incur net losses. There is no assurance that we will successfully overcome these risks or other problems encountered with acquisitions. 
 We may be unable to source off-market or lightly marketed investment opportunities in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 78 of the acquisitions by property count completed by us since our initial public offering IPO were acquired in off-market or lightly marketed transactions, which are transactions that are characterized by a lack of a formal marketing process and lack of widely disseminated marketing materials. Properties that are acquired by off-market or lightly marketed transactions are typically more attractive to us as a purchaser and are a core part of our strategic plan, because the absence of a formal or extended marketing/bidding period typically results in more favorable pricing, more favorable non-economic terms and often an ability to close transactions more rapidly. If we cannot obtain off-market or lightly marketed deal flow in the future, our ability to locate and acquire additional properties in the manner in which we have historically may be adversely affected and may cause us to revisit our core strategies. 
 Our future acquisitions may not yield the returns we expect. 
 Our future acquisitions and our ability to successfully operate the properties we acquire in such acquisitions may be exposed to the following significant risks: 
 even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price; 
 10 

we may acquire properties that are not accretive to our results upon acquisition, and we may not successfully manage and lease those properties to meet our expectations; 
 we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties; 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations; 
 market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates; and 
 we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown or greater than expected liabilities such as liabilities for clean-up of environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties, liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 We may not be able to control our operating costs or our expenses may remain constant or increase, even if our revenues do not increase, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. 
 Factors that may adversely affect our ability to control operating costs include the need to pay for insurance and other operating costs (including real estate taxes, which could increase over time), the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space, the cost of compliance with governmental regulation, including zoning and tax laws, the potential for liability under applicable laws, interest rate levels and the availability of financing. If our operating costs increase or our property income decreases as a result of any of the foregoing factors, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Many of our costs, such as operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs, could be adversely impacted by periods of heightened inflation. 
 During the twelve months ended December 2022, the consumer price index increased by approximately 6.5 , compared to the twelve months ended December 2021. Federal policies and recent global events, such as the rising price of oil and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may have exacerbated, and may continue to exacerbate, increases in the consumer price index. 
 A sustained or further increase in inflation could have an adverse impact on our operating expenses incurred in connection with, among others, the property-related contracted services. Our operating expenses may be recoverable through our lease arrangements. In general, our properties are leased to tenants on a triple net or modified gross basis. During inflationary periods, we expect to recover some increases in operating expenses from our tenants through our existing lease structures. As a result, we do not believe that inflation would result in a significant adverse effect on our net operating income and operating cash flows at the property level. However, there can be no assurance that our tenants would be able to absorb these expense increases and be able to continue to pay us their portion of operating expenses, capital expenditures and rent. 
 In addition, most of our leases provide for fixed annual rent increases of three percent or greater. However, the impact of the current rate of inflation of 6.5 may not be adequately offset by some of our annual rent escalations, and it is possible that the resetting of rents from our renewal and re-leasing activities would not fully offset the impact of the current inflation rate. As a result, during inflationary periods in which the inflation rate exceeds the annual rent escalation percentages within our lease contracts, we may not adequately mitigate the impact of inflation, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs and professional service fees. Rising inflation rates may require us to provide compensation increases beyond historical annual increases, which may unexpectedly or significantly increase our compensation costs. Similarly, professional service fees are also subject to the impact of inflation and expected to increase proportionately with increasing market prices for such services. Consequently, inflation may increase our general and administrative expenses over time and may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 
 In March 2022, the Federal Reserve began, and it has continued and is expected to continue, to raise interest rates in an effort to curb inflation. Our exposure to increases in interest rates in the short term is limited to our variable-rate borrowings. As of December 31, 2022, we had 760.0 million of variable-rate debt, excluding the impact of interest rates swaps in effect. In addition, the effect of inflation on interest rates could increase our financing costs over time, either through near-term borrowings on our floating-rate line of credit or refinancing of our existing borrowings that may incur higher interest expenses related to the issuance of new debt. We have entered into interest rate swaps to effectively fix 300.0 million of our variable-rate indebtedness, and we may enter into other hedging transactions. The use of hedging transactions involves certain risks. 
 Additionally, inflationary pricing may have a negative effect on the construction costs necessary to complete our repositioning and redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, costs of construction materials, labor and services from 
 11 

third-party contractors and suppliers. Certain increases in the costs of construction materials can often be managed in our repositioning and redevelopment projects through either general budget contingencies built into our overall construction costs estimates for each of our projects or guaranteed maximum price construction contracts, which stipulate a maximum price for certain construction costs and shift inflation risk to our construction general contractors. However, no assurance can be given that our budget contingencies would accurately account for potential construction cost increases given the current severity of inflation and variety of contributing factors or that our general contractors would be able to absorb such increases in costs and complete our construction projects timely, within budget, or at all. Higher construction costs could adversely impact our investments in real estate assets and expected yields on our redevelopment projects, which may make otherwise lucrative investment opportunities less profitable to us. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders could be adversely affected over time. 
 An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and new debt and could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt, conduct repositioning, redevelopment and acquisition activity and recycle capital. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a 1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, a 400.0 million term loan facility, a 300.0 million term loan facility and a 60.0 million term loan facility bearing interest at variable rates on amounts drawn and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the variable interest rate on the 300 million term loan facility has been effectively fixed until its maturity at a weighted average rate of through the use of interest rate swaps. There was no amount outstanding on the revolving credit facility and each of our term loan facilities was fully drawn at December 31, 2022. However, we may borrow on the revolving credit facility or incur additional variable rate debt in the future. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board. During 2022, the Federal Reserve Board increased the federal funds rate seven times, resulting in a range from 4.25 to 4.50 as of December 31, 2022, and further increased the federal funds rate in February 2023 by an additional 25 basis points to a range from 4.50 to 4.75 . It is expected that the Federal Reserve Board may continue to increase the federal funds rate during 2023, which will likely result in further increases in overall interest rates. Interest rate increases would increase our interest costs for any variable rate debt and for new debt, which could in turn make the financing of any repositioning, redevelopment and acquisition activity costlier. Rising interest rates could also limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to recycle capital and our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 
 The potential impacts of future climate change and governmental initiatives remain uncertain at this time but could result in increased operating costs. 
 Our assets and tenants may be exposed to potential risks from possible future climate change that could result in physical and regulatory impacts, an increase in sea level, flooding, and catastrophic weather events and fires. The occurrence of sea level rise or one or more natural disasters, such as floods, wildfires and earthquakes (whether or not caused by climate change), could increase our operating costs, impair our tenants ability to lease property and pay rent and negatively affect our financial performance. Additional risks related to our business and operations as a result of climate change include both physical and transition risks such as: 
 higher energy costs as a result of extreme weather events, extreme temperatures or increased demand for limited resources; 
 higher maintenance and repair costs due to increasing temperatures and more frequent heatwaves; 
 higher costs of materials due to limited availability of raw materials and requirements that may limit types of material for construction; 
 limited availability of water and higher costs due to droughts caused by low snowpack; 
 reduced labor pool and lease rates as a result of increasing air pollution and related illnesses; and 
 reduced tenant appeal and/or investor interest in the event that certain tenant priorities and/or investor expectations regarding sustainability and efficient building practices are not met. 
 In addition, laws and regulations targeting climate change could result in stricter energy efficiency standards and increased capital expenditures in order to comply with such regulations, as well as increased operating costs that we may not be able to effectively pass on to our tenants. Any such regulation could impose substantial costs on our tenants, thereby impacting the financial condition of our tenants and their ability to meet their lease obligations and to lease or re-lease our properties. Further, proposed climate change and environmental laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level, including climate change and 
 12 

greenhouse gas emissions related disclosure rules proposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may increase compliance and data collection costs and compliance risks. 
 Adverse U.S. and global market, economic and political conditions, including the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, and other events or circumstances beyond our control could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Another economic or financial crisis or rapid decline of the consumer economy, significant concerns over energy costs, geopolitical issues, including the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market, or a declining real estate market in the U.S. can contribute to increased volatility, diminished expectations for the economy and the markets, and high levels of structural unemployment by historical standards. 
 Global market, political and economic challenges, including dislocations and volatility in the credit markets and general global economic uncertainty, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our common stock. 
 In addition, global market, political and economic conditions could adversely affect the businesses of many of our tenants. As a result, we may see increases in bankruptcies of our tenants and increased defaults by tenants, and we may experience higher vacancy rates and delays in re-leasing vacant space, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the resulting global governmental responses, including international sanctions imposed on Russia and other countries that are supporting Russia s invasion of Ukraine, have led to volatility in global markets, disruptions in the energy, agriculture and other industries and have created worldwide inflationary pressures. While the conflict has not caused material disruptions to our operations to date, further escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine could result in a significant decline in global economic activities and impact our tenants in a manner that may lower the near-term demand for our rental properties or our tenants ability to pay rents. 
 We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire, or renewing existing leases may require significant concession, inducements and/or capital expenditures. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 5.4 of the rentable square footage of our portfolio was vacant or under repositioning/redevelopment and leases representing 1.6 of the rentable square footage of our portfolio expired on December 31, 2022. In addition, leases representing 13.7 and 16.3 of the rentable square footage of the properties in our portfolio will expire in 2023 and 2024, respectively. We cannot assure you that our leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates or that we will not offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options to attract new tenants or retain existing tenants. Our rental rate growth may be wrong. If the rental rates for our properties decrease, or if our existing tenants do not renew their leases or we do not re-lease a significant portion of our available space and space for which leases will expire, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on, and the per share trading price of, our common stock could be adversely affected. In order to attract and retain tenants, we may be required to make rent or other concessions to tenants, accommodate requests for renovations, build-to-suit remodeling and other improvements or provide additional services to our tenants. Additionally, we may need to raise capital to make such expenditures. If we are unable to do so or if capital is otherwise unavailable, we may be unable to make the required expenditures. This could result in non-renewals by tenants upon expiration of their leases and/or an inability to attract new tenants. 
 We face significant competition in the leasing market, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 We compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of real estate, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge or to offer more substantial tenant concessions or tenant rights (including rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options) in order to retain tenants or attract new tenants. Furthermore, as a result of various factors, including competitive pricing pressure in our submarkets, adverse conditions in the Southern California real estate market, a general economic downturn and a decline in the desirability of our properties compared to other properties in our submarkets, we may be unable to realize the budgeted rents for properties in our portfolio. If we are unable to obtain rental rates comparable to our asking rents for properties in our portfolio, our ability to generate cash flow growth will be negatively impacted. Significant rent reductions could result in a write-down of one or more of our consolidated properties and/or adversely affect the market price of our common stock, our financial condition and our results of operations, including our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 13 

A substantial majority of the leases at our properties are with tenants who have non-investment grade credit ratings, which may result in our leasing to tenants that are more likely to default in their obligations to us than a tenant with an investment grade credit rating. 
 A substantial majority of the leases at our properties are with tenants who have non-investment grade credit ratings. The ability of a non-investment grade tenant to meet its obligations to us cannot be considered as well assured as that of an investment grade tenant. All of our tenants may face exposure to adverse business or economic conditions which could lead to an inability to meet their obligations to us. However, non-investment grade tenants may not have the financial capacity or liquidity to adapt to these conditions or may have less diversified businesses, which may exacerbate the effects of adverse conditions on their businesses. Moreover, the fact that a substantial majority of our tenants are not investment grade may cause investors or lenders to view our cash flows as less stable, which may increase our cost of capital, limit our financing options or adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Historically, some of our tenants have filed for bankruptcy protection or become insolvent. This may occur with tenants in the future, and we are particularly at risk because of the credit rating of much of our tenant base. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant also may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. 
 We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax-deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such assets. 
 We may continue to acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax-deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in our Operating Partnership, which may result in stockholder dilution. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we are able to deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to protect the contributors ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. 
 Our real estate development, redevelopment and repositioning activities are subject to risks. 
 We may engage in development, redevelopment and repositioning activities with respect to certain of our properties. To the extent that we do so, we will be subject to the following risks associated with such development, redevelopment and repositioning activities: 
 construction, redevelopment and repositioning may be unsuccessful and/or costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project less profitable than originally estimated, or unprofitable; 
 time required to complete the construction, redevelopment or repositioning of a project or to lease up the completed project may be greater than originally anticipated, thereby adversely affecting our cash flow and liquidity; 
 non-industrial properties targeted for development, redevelopment or repositioning may be more difficult to manage compared to our industrial properties where we have the most property management expertise; 
 contractor and subcontractor disputes, strikes, labor disputes or supply disruptions, which may cause delays or increase costs; 
 failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all; 
 delays with respect to obtaining, or the inability to obtain, necessary zoning, occupancy, land use and other governmental permits, and changes in zoning and land use laws; 
 statewide and local changes in zoning and land use laws and state attorney general actions that result in moratoriums on industrial and warehouse development or materially restrict the size and uses of industrial and warehouse projects; 
 occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable; 
 our ability to dispose of properties developed, redeveloped or repositioned with the intent to sell could be impacted by the ability of prospective buyers to obtain financing given the current state of the credit markets; and 
 the availability and pricing of financing to fund our development activities on favorable terms or at all. 
 14 

Potential losses, including from adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as earthquakes, may not be covered by insurance, and we may be unable to rebuild our existing properties in the event of a substantial or comprehensive loss of such properties. 
 We carry commercial property, liability, environmental, earthquake and terrorism coverage on all the properties in our consolidated portfolio under a blanket insurance policy, in addition to other coverages that we believe are appropriate for certain of our properties given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. Some of our policies are insured subject to limitations involving significant deductibles or co-payments and policy limits that may not be sufficient to cover losses. In particular, all of the properties in our portfolio are located in Southern California, an area that is particularly prone to seismic activity. A severe earthquake in the Southern California region could result in uninsured damage to a subset or even a substantial portion of our portfolio and could significantly impact our cash flow. While we carry insurance for losses resulting from earthquakes, such policies are subject to material deductibles. Additionally, natural disasters, including earthquakes, may cause future earthquake insurance costs to increase significantly, which may impact the operating costs and net cash flow of our properties. 
 In addition, we may discontinue terrorism or other insurance or increase deductibles on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any such policies exceeds, in our judgment, the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. Currently, we do not carry insurance for certain types of extraordinary losses, such as loss from riots, war and wildfires, because we believe such coverage is only available at a disproportionately high cost. As a result, we may incur significant costs in the event of loss from wildfires, riots, war and other uninsured losses. If we do obtain insurance for any of those risks in the future, such insurance cost may impact the operating costs and net cash flow of our properties. 
 If we or one or more of our tenants experiences a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable costs in the future as the costs associated with property and casualty renewals may be higher than anticipated. In the event that we experience a substantial or comprehensive loss of one of our properties, we may not be able to rebuild such property to its existing specifications. Further, reconstruction or improvement of such a property would likely require significant upgrades to meet zoning and building code requirements. Environmental, insurance and legal restrictions could also restrict the rebuilding of our properties. 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial condition and disputes between us and our co-venturers. 
 We have co-invested in the past, and may co-invest again in the future, with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. In such event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity, involving risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, disputes and litigation. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives, and they may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. In addition, prior consent of our joint venture partners may be required for a sale or transfer to a third party of our interests in the joint venture, which would restrict our ability to dispose of our interest in the joint venture. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers. Our joint ventures may be subject to debt and, in volatile credit markets, the refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls. 
 We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology IT networks and related systems. 
 We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day to day 
 15 

operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could: 
 Disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems; 
 Result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines; 
 Result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; 
 Result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 
 Require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; 
 Subject us to claims for breach of contract or failure to safeguard personal information, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; 
 Damage our reputation among our tenants, prospective sellers, brokers and investors generally; and 
 Subject us to legal liability, including liability under the California Consumer Privacy Protection Act of 2018. 
 To help us better identify, manage, and mitigate these IT risks, we have adopted and implemented the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) cybersecurity framework. Additionally, our Technology department requires each employee upon hire and at least annually thereafter to successfully complete an online security awareness training course. Further, all employees are required to complete bi-monthly micro training modules. Our Technology department conducts periodic simulated social engineering exercises that may include, but are not limited to, phishing (e-mail), vishing (voice), smishing (SMS), USB testing, and physical assessments. These tests are conducted at random throughout the year with no set schedule or frequency. Additionally, we may conduct targeted exercises against specific departments or individuals based on a risk determination. From time to time our employees may be required to complete additional cyber awareness training courses or receive personalized training from our Technology department staff based on outcomes of random testing or as part of a risk-based assessment. 
 To further address IT security, the Audit Committee and the current chairperson of the Company s nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors, an independent director with information security experience, provides board level oversight of information security and receives quarterly information security reports from our Technology department, while the full board of directors typically receives information security updates annually from senior leadership. Over the prior three years the Company has not been subject to any material information security breaches to our knowledge, has not incurred any material financial harm from information security breaches, nor has the Company been subject to any material information security breaches or expenses to our knowledge since our initial formation. 
 Lastly, on a quarterly basis we conduct third-party internal and external vulnerability assessments from our cybersecurity firm leveraging the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS), and on an annual basis we conduct third party physical and cyber penetration testing with an information security company that specializes in conducting such tests. We currently maintain insurance policies to insure against breaches of network security, privacy liability, media liability, data incident response expenses, cyber related business interruption, and cyber extortion, although there is no guaranty that the insurance limits and coverage will be sufficient to cover any loss. 
 Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, including the engagement of independent third party consultants to analyze and remediate any vulnerabilities, implementation of software and systems intended to monitor systems and devices on our network to reduce the risk of IT security breaches and improve our ability to detect a breach, the engagement of a cyber forensics company who can assist our investigation in the event of a breach, and ongoing cyber security education and training for employees throughout the year, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and may not be recognized until after being launched against a target, and in some cases, are designed to not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 
 
 16 

Risks Related To Our Capital Structure 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital that are outside of our control and may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 In order to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required under the Code, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to federal and state corporate income tax to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction, including any net capital gains. Because of these distribution requirements, we are highly dependent on third-party sources to fund capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms or at all and any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage and likelihood of default. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on: 
 general market conditions; 
 the market s perception of our growth potential; 
 our current debt levels; 
 our current and expected future earnings; 
 our cash flow and cash distributions; and 
 the trading price of our common stock. 
 In prior years, the capital markets have been subject to periodic disruptions. Our inability to obtain capital when needed could have a material adverse effect on our ability to expand our business, implement our growth plan and fund other cash requirements. If we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources on favorable terms or at all when desired, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, meet the capital and operating needs of our existing properties, satisfy our debt service obligations or make the cash distributions to our stockholders necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. To the extent that capital is not available to acquire properties, profits may not be realized or their realization may be delayed, which could result in an earnings stream that is less predictable than some of our competitors and result in us not meeting our projected earnings and distributable cash flow levels in a particular reporting period. Failure to meet our projected earnings and distributable cash flow levels in a particular reporting period could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and on the market price of our stock. 
 Some of our financing arrangements involve balloon payment obligations, which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to make distributions. 
 Some of our financing arrangements require us to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. Our ability to satisfy a balloon payment at maturity is uncertain and may depend upon our ability to obtain additional financing or our ability to sell the property. At the time the balloon payment is due, we may or may not be able to refinance the existing financing on terms as favorable as the original loan or sell the property at a price sufficient to satisfy the balloon payment. Such a refinancing or sale could affect the rate of return to stockholders and the projected time of disposition of our assets. 
 Our debt level reduces cash available for distribution and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 Payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate our properties or to pay the dividends necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following: 
 our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 
 we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms; 
 we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 
 we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on unfavorable terms or in violation of certain covenants to which we may be subject; 
 we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations and, in some cases commence foreclosure proceedings on one or more of our properties; and 
 our default under any loan with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. 
 17 

Any loan defaults or property foreclosures may impact our ability to access capital in the future on favorable terms or at all, as well as our relationships with and/or perception among lenders, investors, tenants, brokers, analysts, vendors, employees and other parties. Furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations. 
 Mortgage and other secured debt obligations expose us to the possibility of foreclosure, which could result in the loss of our investment in a property or group of properties subject to mortgage debt. 
 Incurring mortgage and other secured debt obligations increases our risk of property losses because defaults on indebtedness secured by properties may result in foreclosure actions initiated by lenders, and ultimately our loss of the property securing any loans for which we are in default. Any foreclosure on a mortgaged property or group of properties could adversely affect the overall value of our portfolio of properties. For tax purposes, a foreclosure on any of our properties that is subject to a nonrecourse mortgage loan would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect us. 
 Subject to the rules related to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may enter into hedging transactions to protect us from the effects of interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, we have interest rate swaps with a combined notional value of 300.0 million in place for the purpose of mitigating our exposure to fluctuations in short-term interest rates. For additional details related to our interest rate swap activity, see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our future hedging transactions may include entering into additional interest rate cap agreements or interest rate swap agreements. These agreements involve risks, such as the risk that such arrangements would not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes or that a court or regulatory agency could find that such an agreement is not legally enforceable or fails to satisfy other legal requirements. In addition, interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates. Hedging could reduce the overall returns on our investments. In addition, while such agreements would be intended to lessen the impact of rising interest rates on us, they could also expose us to the risk that the other parties to the agreements would not perform, we could incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements or that the underlying transactions could fail to qualify as highly effective cash flow hedges under Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Further, our derivatives counterparties may be subject to new capital, margin and business conduct requirements imposed as a result of the legislation, which may increase our transaction costs or make it more difficult for us to enter into additional hedging transactions on favorable terms. Our inability to enter into future hedging transactions on favorable terms, or at all, could increase our operating expenses and put us at increased exposure to interest rate risks. 
 Our unsecured credit facility, unsecured notes and certain of our other secured loans contain, and any other future indebtedness we incur may contain, various covenants, including business activity restrictions, and the failure to comply with those covenants could materially adversely affect us. 
 Our unsecured credit facility, unsecured notes and certain of our other secured loans contain, and any other future indebtedness we incur may contain, certain covenants, which, among other things, restrict our activities, including, as applicable, our ability to sell the underlying property without the consent of the holder of such indebtedness, to repay or defease such indebtedness, to incur additional indebtedness, to make certain investments or capital expenditures or to engage in mergers or consolidations that result in a change in control of our company. We are also subject to financial and operating covenants including, as applicable, requirements to maintain certain financial coverage ratios and restrictions on our ability to make distributions to stockholders. Failure to comply with any of these covenants would likely result in a default under the applicable indebtedness that would permit the acceleration of amounts due thereunder and under other indebtedness and foreclosure of properties, if any, serving as collateral therefor. 
 The business activity limitations contained in the various covenants will restrict our ability to engage in some business activities that may otherwise be in our best interests. In addition, our unsecured credit facility, unsecured notes and secured term loan contain specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the lenders the right to declare a default if we are in default under other loans in some circumstances. 
 18 

We have allocated a portion and may allocate the remaining net proceeds from the offering of our 400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.150 Senior Notes due 2031 in ways investors may not agree and in ways that may not earn a profit. 
 The remaining net proceeds from the offering of million of 2.150 Senior Notes due 2031 (the 400 Million Notes due 2031 are expected to be to one or more Eligible Green Projects (as defined below), which may include the repositioning or redevelopment of such projects. The net proceeds were initially used to repay our million unsecured term loan facility due 2023, to fund the redemption of all shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, and acquisition activities. We have since allocated a portion and intend to allocate the remaining net proceeds from the offering to Eligible Green Projects. 
 There can be no assurance that the Eligible Green Projects to which we allocate the net proceeds from the 400 Million Notes due 2031 will meet investor criteria and expectations regarding environmental impact and sustainability performance. In particular, no assurance is given that any such Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements in regards to any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by their own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of the Eligible Green Projects). Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of the projects or the projects may become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. 
 Eligible Green Projects are defined as: 
 Green Buildings. Expenditures related to real estate projects that have received or are expected to receive third-party sustainable certifications or verification, such as Energy Star 75+, LEED Certified or higher, Net Zero certifications, or equivalent certification. Expenditures may include design, development, construction, materials, equipment and certification costs. 
 Energy Efficiency. Expenditures related to design, construction, operation and maintenance of energy efficiency of buildings, building subsystems or land, which improve energy efficiency by at least 30 , including efficient LED lighting, HVAC, cool roofing, water conservation systems and energy management systems. 
 Renewable Energy. Expenditures related to investments in renewable energy, including on-site or off-site renewable energy investments such as wind, solar and battery storage systems. 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry 
 Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with real estate assets and the real estate industry. 
 Our ability to pay expected dividends to our stockholders depends on our ability to generate revenues in excess of expenses, scheduled principal payments on debt and capital expenditure requirements. Events and conditions generally applicable to owners and operators of real property that are beyond our control may decrease cash available for distribution and the value of our properties. These events include many of the risks set forth above under Risks Related to Our Business and Operations, as well as the following: 
 local oversupply in connection with increased vacancies or reduction in demand for industrial space; 
 adverse changes in financial conditions of buyers, sellers and tenants of properties; 
 vacancies or our inability to rent space on favorable terms, including possible market pressures to offer tenants rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options, and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space; 
 increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities, real estate taxes and state and local taxes; 
 civil unrest, acts of war, terrorist attacks and natural disasters, including earthquakes, floods and wildfires, which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses; 
 decreases in the market value of our properties; 
 changing submarket demographics; and 
 changing traffic patterns. 
 In addition, periods of economic downturn or recession, rising interest rates or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of defaults under existing leases. 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to sell a property if and when we decide to do so or to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 
 19 

The real estate investments made, and to be made, by us are relatively difficult to sell quickly. As a result, our ability to promptly sell one or more properties in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. Our ability to dispose of properties on advantageous terms depends on factors beyond our control, including competition from other sellers and the availability of attractive financing for potential buyers of our properties. Due to the uncertainty of market conditions which may affect the future disposition of our properties, we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell any properties identified for sale at favorable pricing and may not receive net income from the transaction. 
 Return of capital and realization of gains, if any, from an investment generally will occur upon disposition or refinancing of the underlying property. We may be unable to realize our investment objectives by sale, other disposition or refinancing at attractive prices within any given period of time or may otherwise be unable to complete any exit strategy. In particular, our ability to dispose of one or more properties within a specific time period is subject to certain limitations imposed by our Tax Matters Agreements (as defined below), as well as weakness in or even the lack of an established market for a property, changes in the financial condition or prospects of prospective purchasers, changes in national or international economic conditions, and changes in laws, regulations or fiscal policies of jurisdictions in which the property is located. 
 In addition, the Code imposes restrictions on a REIT s ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In particular, the tax laws applicable to REITs effectively require that we hold our properties for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business (by imposing a 100 prohibited transaction tax on REITs on profits derived from sales of properties held primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business), which may cause us to forgo or defer sales of properties that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on favorable terms. 
 Declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could materially adversely affect us. 
 We review the carrying value of our properties when circumstances, such as adverse market conditions, indicate a potential impairment may exist. We base our review on an estimate of the future cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the property s use and eventual disposition on an undiscounted basis. We consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. If our evaluation indicates that we may be unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss will be recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. 
 Impairment losses have a direct impact on our operating results, because recording an impairment loss results in a negative adjustment to our publicly reported operating results. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. A worsening real estate market may cause us to reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. 
 Acquired properties may be located in new markets where we may face risks associated with investing in an unfamiliar market. 
 In the past we have acquired properties located in markets that are new to us. For example, our predecessor business acquired properties in Arizona and Illinois as part of an acquisition of a portfolio of properties that included properties located in our target markets. When we acquire properties located in new markets, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. In the past when we have acquired properties outside of our focus market, we have subsequently divested those properties, and at this time we expect to continue this practice. 
 We may choose not to distribute the proceeds of any sales of real estate to our stockholders, which may reduce the amount of our cash distributions to stockholders. 
 We may choose not to distribute any proceeds from the sale of real estate investments to our stockholders. Instead, we may elect to use such proceeds to: 
 acquire additional real estate investments; 
 repay debt; 
 create working capital reserves; or 
 make repairs, maintenance, tenant improvements or other capital improvements or expenditures on our other properties. 
 Any decision to retain or invest the proceeds of any sales, rather than distribute such proceeds to our stockholders, may reduce the amount of cash distributions to equity holders. 
 20 

If any of our insurance carriers becomes insolvent, we could be adversely affected. 
 We carry several different lines of insurance, placed with several large insurance carriers that we believe have good ratings at the time our policies are put into effect. If any one of these large insurance carriers were to become insolvent, we would be forced to replace the existing insurance coverage with another suitable carrier, and any outstanding claims would be at significant risk for collection. In such an event, we cannot be certain that we would be able to replace the coverage at similar or otherwise favorable terms. Replacing insurance coverage at unfavorable rates and the potential of uncollectible claims due to carrier insolvency would likely adversely affect us. 
 Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes or reassessment, which could adversely impact our cash flows. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some state and local taxes on our properties. The real property taxes on our properties may increase as property tax rates change or as our properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. All our properties located in California may be reassessed as a result of various factors including, without limitation, changes in California laws that contain certain limitations on annual increases of assessed value of real property. In recent years, there have been calls for a so called split roll under which commercial and industrial property owners would no longer receive the benefits of California Proposition 13 caps to property tax increases. During the November 2020 election, there was a California ballot initiative to create such a split roll and remove the property tax increase caps for commercial and industrial real estate. This ballot initiative failed by a margin of less than four percent. However, there is a risk future ballot initiatives will succeed. If the property taxes we pay increase, our cash flow would be adversely impacted to the extent that we are not reimbursed by tenants for those taxes. 
 We face certain risks in connection with Section 1031 Exchanges. 
 We often dispose of properties in transactions that are intended to qualify for federal income tax deferral as a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Code (a 1031 Exchange ). It is possible that a transaction intended to qualify as a 1031 Exchange could later be determined to have been taxable or that we may be unable to identify and complete the acquisition of a suitable replacement property to complete a 1031 Exchange. If this occurs, we could face adverse tax consequences. Additionally, it is possible that legislation could be enacted that could modify or repeal the laws with respect to 1031 Exchanges, which could impact our ability to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. 
 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and litigation over environmental matters. 
 Under various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, as a current or former owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for costs and damages resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances, waste or petroleum products at, on, in, under or migrating to or from such property, including costs to investigate, clean up such contamination and liability for harm to natural resources. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such contamination, and the liability may be joint and several. These liabilities could be substantial and the cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or other costs could exceed the value of the property and in some cases our aggregate net asset value. In addition, the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may expose us to third-party liability for costs of remediation and/or personal, property, or natural resources damage or materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop our properties or to borrow using the properties as collateral. In addition, environmental laws may create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. Moreover, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. 
 We obtain Phase I, or Phase II as appropriate and permitted by the seller, or similar environmental site assessments conducted by independent environmental consultants on most of our properties at the time of their acquisition or in connection with subsequent financings, however, these assessments are limited in scope and are not updated in the ordinary course of business absent a specific need and therefore, may not reveal all environmental conditions affecting a property. This may expose us to liability related to unknown or unanticipated environmental matters. Unless required by applicable laws or regulations, we may not further investigate, remedy or ameliorate the liabilities disclosed in the existing Phase I s or similar environmental site assessments, and this failure may expose us to liability in the future. While we maintain portfolio environmental and some site-specific insurance policies, they may be insufficient to cover any such environmental costs and liabilities. 
 Some of our properties have been or may be impacted by contamination arising from current or prior uses of the property, or adjacent properties, for commercial or industrial purposes. Such contamination may arise from spills of petroleum or hazardous substances or releases from tanks used to store such material known or suspected to exist at a number of our properties 
 21 

which may result in further investigation, remediation, or deed restrictions. Further, certain of our properties are adjacent to or near other properties that have contained or currently contain petroleum or other hazardous substances, or at which others have engaged or may engage in activities that may release such hazardous substances. Adjacent property uses are identified in standard ASTM procedures in Phase I environmental studies, and if warranted based on adjacent property concerns a Phase II environmental study may be obtained. In addition to a blanket environmental insurance policy, as needed, we may obtain environmental insurance policies on commercially reasonable terms that provide coverage for potential environmental liabilities, subject to the policy s coverage conditions and limitations. However, these policies are subject to certain limits, deductibles and exclusions, and insurance may not fully compensate us for any environmental liability. From time to time, we may acquire properties with known adverse environmental conditions where we believe that the environmental liabilities associated with these conditions are quantifiable and that the acquisition will yield a superior risk-adjusted return. We usually perform a Phase I environmental site assessment at any property we are considering acquiring. Phase I environmental site assessments are limited in scope and do not involve sampling of soil, soil vapor, or groundwater, and these assessments may not include or identify all potential environmental liabilities or risks associated with the property. Even where subsurface investigation is performed, it can be very difficult to ascertain the full extent of environmental contamination or the costs that are likely to flow from such contamination. We cannot assure you that the Phase I environmental site assessment or other environmental studies identified all potential environmental liabilities, or that we will not face significant remediation costs or other environmental contamination that makes it difficult to sell any affected properties. Also, we have not always implemented actions recommended by these assessments, and recommended investigation and remediation of known or suspected contamination has not always been performed. Contamination may exist at many of our properties, and governmental regulators or third parties could seek to force us to contribute to investigation or remediation or known or suspected contamination. As a result, we could potentially incur material liability for these issues. 
 Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos-containing building materials, or ACBM, and may impose fines and penalties for failure to comply with these requirements. Such laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing ACBM (and employers in such buildings) properly manage and maintain the asbestos, adequately notify or train those who may come into contact with asbestos, and undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation or demolition of a building. In addition, the presence of ACBM in our properties may expose us to third-party liability (e.g., liability for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos). 
 In addition, the properties in our portfolio also are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety requirements, such as state and local fire requirements. Moreover, some of our tenants routinely handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of their operations at our properties, which are subject to regulation. Such environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could subject us or our tenants to liability resulting from these activities. Environmental liabilities could affect a tenant s ability to make rental payments to us. In addition, changes in laws could increase the potential liability for noncompliance. This may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise materially and adversely affect our operations, or those of our tenants, which could in turn have an adverse effect on us. Further, these environmental, health and safety laws could become more stringent in the future, and this could subject us or our tenants to new or greater liability. 
 We cannot assure you that remedial measures and other costs or liabilities incurred as a result of environmental issues will be immaterial to our overall financial position. If we do incur material environmental liabilities in the future, we may face significant remediation costs, and we may find it difficult to sell any affected properties. 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation. 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury is alleged to have occurred. 
 22 

We may incur significant costs complying with various federal, state and local laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our properties. 
 Our properties are subject to various covenants and federal, state and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permitting and licensing requirements. Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances and zoning restrictions, may restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials of community standards organizations at any time with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring a property or when undertaking renovations to any of our existing properties. Among other things, these restrictions may relate to fire and safety, seismic or hazardous material abatement requirements. There can be no assurance that existing laws and regulatory policies will not adversely affect us or the timing or cost of any future acquisitions or renovations, or that additional regulations will not be adopted that increase such delays or result in additional costs. Our growth strategy may be affected by our ability to obtain permits, licenses and zoning relief. 
 In addition, federal and state laws and regulations, including laws such as the Americans with Disabilities Act and parallel California Statutes, or ADA, and the Fair Housing Amendment Act of 1988, or FHAA, impose further restrictions on our properties and operations. Under the ADA and the FHAA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Some of our properties may currently be in non-compliance with the ADA or the FHAA. If one or more of the properties in our portfolio is not in compliance with the ADA, the FHAA or any other regulatory requirements, we may be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance, including the removal of access barriers, and we might incur governmental fines or the award of damages to private litigants. In addition, we do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether future requirements will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures. 
 Furthermore, while leases with our tenants generally include provisions to obligate the tenants to comply with all laws and operate within a defined use, there is no guaranty that the tenants will comply with the terms of their leases. We may incur costs to bring a property into legal compliance even though the tenant may have been contractually required to comply and pay for the cost of compliance. Our tenants may disregard the use restrictions contained in the leases and conduct operations not contemplated by the lease, such as prohibited uses related to cannabis or highly hazardous uses, for example, despite our efforts to prohibit certain uses. 
 Under California energy efficiency standards, enacted and periodically amended, including, without limitation, Title 24 or The Energy Efficiency Standards for Residential and Nonresidential Buildings, building owners may incur increased costs to renovate properties in order to meet changing energy efficiency standards and make energy usage disclosures. If we are required to make unanticipated expenditures or substantial modifications to our properties, our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, the market price of our shares of common stock and preferred stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. We may incur additional costs collecting and reporting energy usage data from our tenants and properties in order to comply with such energy efficiency standards. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of common units, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under Maryland law in connection with their management of our company. At the same time, we, as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, have fiduciary duties and obligations to our Operating Partnership and its limited partners under Maryland law and the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our fiduciary duties and obligations as the general partner of our Operating Partnership may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our company. 
 Under Maryland law, a general partner of a Maryland limited partnership has fiduciary duties of loyalty and care to the partnership and its partners and must discharge its duties and exercise its rights as general partner under the partnership agreement or Maryland law consistent with the obligation of good faith and fair dealing. The partnership agreement provides that, in the event of a conflict between the interests of our Operating Partnership or any partner, on the one hand, and the separate interests of our company or our stockholders, on the other hand, we, in our capacity as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, may give priority to the separate interests of our company or our stockholders (including with respect to tax consequences to limited partners, assignees or our stockholders), and, in the event of such a conflict, any action or failure to act on our part or on the part of our directors that gives priority to the separate interests of our company or our stockholders that does not result in a violation of the contract rights of the limited partners of our Operating Partnership under its partnership agreement does not violate the duty of loyalty or any other duty that we, in our capacity as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, owe to our Operating Partnership and its partners or violate the obligation of good faith and fair dealing. 
 23 

Additionally, the partnership agreement provides that we generally will not be liable to our Operating Partnership or any partner for any action or omission taken in our capacity as general partner, for the debts or liabilities of our Operating Partnership or for the obligations of the Operating Partnership under the partnership agreement, except for liability for our fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence, pursuant to any express indemnity we may give to our Operating Partnership or in connection with a redemption. Our Operating Partnership must indemnify us, our directors and officers, officers of our Operating Partnership and our designees from and against any and all claims that relate to the operations of our Operating Partnership, unless (1) an act or omission of the person was material to the matter giving rise to the action and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (2) the person actually received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of the partnership agreement or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the indemnified person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. Our Operating Partnership must also pay or reimburse the reasonable expenses of any such person in advance of a final disposition of the proceeding upon its receipt of a written affirmation of the person s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification has been met and a written undertaking to repay any amounts paid or advanced if it is ultimately determined that the person did not meet the standard of conduct for indemnification. Our Operating Partnership is not required to indemnify or advance funds to any person with respect to any action initiated by the person seeking indemnification without our approval (except for any proceeding brought to enforce such person s right to indemnification under the partnership agreement) or if the person is found to be liable to our Operating Partnership on any portion of any claim in the action. No reported decision of a Maryland appellate court has interpreted provisions similar to the provisions of the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership that modify and reduce our fiduciary duties or obligations as the general partner or reduce or eliminate our liability to our Operating Partnership and its partners, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel as to the enforceability of the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to modify or reduce the fiduciary duties and obligations that would be in effect were it not for the partnership agreement. 
 Some of our directors and executive officers have outside business interests, including interests in real estate-related businesses, and, therefore, may have conflicts of interest with us. 
 Certain of our executive officers and directors have outside business interests, including interests in real estate-related businesses, and may own equity securities of public and private real estate companies. Our executive officers and directors interests in these entities could create a conflict of interest, especially when making determinations regarding our renewal of leases with tenants subject to these leases. Our executive officers involvement in other businesses and real estate-related activities could divert their attention from our day-to-day operations, and state law may limit our ability to enforce any non-compete agreements. 
 We could increase the number of authorized shares of stock, classify and reclassify unissued stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. 
 Our board of directors, without stockholder approval, has the power under our charter to amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we are authorized to issue, to authorize us to issue authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock into one or more classes or series of stock and set the terms of such newly classified or reclassified shares. As a result, we may issue classes or series of common stock or preferred stock with preferences, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with, the rights of holders of our common stock. Although our board of directors has no such intention at the present time, it could establish a class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: 
 Business combination provisions that, subject to certain exceptions, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on 
 24 

which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose fair price or supermajority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 Control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our company (defined as shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise voting power in the election of directors within one of three increasing ranges) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of the voting power of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions) have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our bylaws provide that we will not be subject to the control share provisions of the MGCL and our board of directors has, by resolution, exempted us from the business combination between us and any other person. However, we cannot assure you that our board of directors will not revise the bylaws or such resolution in order to be subject to such business combination and control share provisions in the future. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an alteration or repeal of the board resolution exempting such business combinations will not have any effect on any business combinations that have been consummated or upon any agreements existing at the time of such modification or repeal. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL permit the board of directors of a Maryland corporation with at least three independent directors and a class of stock registered under the Exchange Act without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in its charter or bylaws, to implement certain corporate governance provisions, some of which (for example, a classified board) are not currently applicable to us. These provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an unsolicited acquisition proposal for our company or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then current market price. Our charter contains a provision whereby it elects to be subject to the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on the board of directors. 
 Certain provisions in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership may delay or prevent unsolicited acquisition of us. 
 Provisions of the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership may delay or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions of us or changes of our control. These provisions could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition of us or change of our control, although some stockholders or limited partners might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. These provisions include, among others: 
 redemption rights of qualifying parties; 
 a requirement that we may not be removed as the general partner of our Operating Partnership without our consent; 
 transfer restrictions on common units; 
 our ability, as general partner, in some cases, to amend the partnership agreement and to cause our Operating Partnership to issue additional partnership interests with terms that could delay, defer or prevent a merger or other change of control of us or our Operating Partnership without the consent of our stockholders or the limited partners; and 
 the right of the limited partners to consent to certain transfers of our general partnership interest (whether by sale, disposition, statutory merger or consolidation, liquidation or otherwise). 
 Our charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership and Maryland law also contain other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Tax Matters Agreements limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of certain properties, even though a sale or disposition may otherwise be in our stockholders best interest. 
 In connection with certain tax-deferred property contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in our Operating Partnership and also in connection with our formation transactions, we entered into tax matters agreements (the Tax Matters Agreements with certain limited partners of our Operating Partnership, including Messrs. Ziman, Schwimmer and Frankel in connection with the IPO, that provide that if we dispose of any interest with respect to certain properties in our portfolio in a taxable transaction during a certain period after the applicable transaction, our Operating Partnership will indemnify such limited partners for their tax liabilities attributable to their share of the built-in gain that existed with respect to such property interest as of the time of the applicable transaction and tax liabilities incurred as a result of the indemnification payment. These Tax Matters Agreements generally provide that, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, the indemnification rights under the 
 25 

agreement will terminate for any such protected partner that sells, exchanges or otherwise disposes of more than 50 of his or her common units or other applicable units. We have no present intention to sell or otherwise dispose of these properties or interest therein in taxable transactions during the restriction period. If we were to trigger the tax protection provisions under any such agreement, our Operating Partnership would be required to pay damages in the amount of the taxes owed by these limited partners (plus, in some cases, additional damages in the amount of the taxes incurred as a result of such payment). As a result, although it may otherwise be in our stockholders best interest that we sell one of these properties, it may be economically prohibitive for us to do so because of these obligations. 
 Tax Matters Agreements may require our Operating Partnership to maintain certain debt levels that otherwise would not be required to operate our business. 
 Certain Tax Matters Agreements provide that, during a certain period after the applicable transaction (in the case of the IPO, the period beginning from the date of the completion of our IPO (July 24, 2013) through the period ending on the twelfth anniversary of our IPO (July 24, 2025)), our Operating Partnership will offer certain limited partners the opportunity to guarantee its debt, and following such period, our Operating Partnership will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such limited partners who continue to own at least 50 of the common units or other applicable units they originally received in the applicable transactions with debt guarantee opportunities. Our Operating Partnership will be required to indemnify such limited partners for their tax liabilities resulting from our failure to make such opportunities available to them (plus, in some cases, an additional amount equal to the taxes incurred as a result of such indemnity payment). Among other things, this opportunity to guarantee debt is intended to allow the participating limited partners to defer the recognition of gain in connection with the applicable transactions. These obligations may require us to maintain more or different indebtedness than we would otherwise require for our business. 
 Our board of directors may change our investment and financing policies without stockholder approval and we may become more highly leveraged, which may increase our risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 Our investment and financing policies are exclusively determined by our board of directors. Accordingly, our stockholders do not control these policies. Further, our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. Our board of directors may alter or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder approval. If this policy changed, we could become more highly leveraged which could result in an increase in our debt service. Higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations. In addition, a change in our investment policies, including the manner in which we allocate our resources across our portfolio or the types of assets in which we seek to invest, may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, real estate market fluctuations and liquidity risk. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 As permitted by Maryland law, our charter eliminates the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment and was material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 In addition, our charter authorizes us to obligate our company, and our bylaws require us, to indemnify our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those and certain other capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time. Generally, Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers except in instances where the person seeking indemnification acted in bad faith or with active and deliberate dishonesty, actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her actions were unlawful. Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation also may not indemnify a director or officer in a suit by or on behalf of the corporation in which the director or officer was adjudged liable to the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct; however, indemnification for an adverse judgment in a suit by us or on our behalf, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, is limited to expenses. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our company, our stockholders ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. 
 26 

We are a holding company with no direct operations and, as such, we will rely on funds received from our Operating Partnership to pay liabilities, and the interests of our stockholders will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities and obligations of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. 
 We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through our Operating Partnership. We do not have, apart from an interest in our Operating Partnership, any independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to continue to pay any dividends we might declare on shares of our common stock. We also rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to meet any of our obligations, including any tax liability on taxable income allocated to us from our Operating Partnership. In addition, because we are a holding company, stockholder claims will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, our assets and those of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries will be available to satisfy the claims of our stockholders only after all of our and our Operating Partnership s and its subsidiaries liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 
 Our Operating Partnership may issue additional common units to third parties without the consent of our stockholders, which would reduce our ownership percentage in our Operating Partnership and would have a dilutive effect on the amount of distributions made to us by our Operating Partnership and, therefore, the amount of distributions we can make to our stockholders. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 96.2 of the outstanding common units in our Operating Partnership and we may, in connection with future acquisitions of properties or otherwise, cause our Operating Partnership to issue additional common units to third parties. In addition, in connection with our issuances of preferred stock, our Operating Partnership has issued to us preferred units and may issue additional preferred units to us in the future. Furthermore, the Operating Partnership has issued and in the future may issue additional common units and/or preferred units to third parties in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. Existing preferred units have and any future preferred units may have preferences, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with the common units and are structurally senior to our common stock. Such issuances would reduce our ownership percentage in our Operating Partnership and affect the amount of distributions made to us by our Operating Partnership and, therefore, the amount of distributions we can make to our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2013. We intend to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service IRS that we qualify as a REIT, and the statements in this Form 10-K are not binding on the IRS or any court. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we will qualify as a REIT, or that we will remain qualified as such in the future. If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution to you for each of the years involved because: 
 we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to regular federal corporate income tax; 
 we also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for tax years prior to 2018 and possibly increased state and local taxes; and 
 unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. 
 Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce our cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to stockholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to our stockholders. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could materially and adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Code, or the Treasury Regulations, is greater in the case of a REIT that, like us, holds its assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the ownership of our stock, requirements regarding the composition of our assets and requirements regarding the sources of our gross income. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at 
 27 

least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may materially adversely affect our investors, our ability to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. 
 We own and may acquire direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Code (each, a Subsidiary REIT ). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to us. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to federal income tax, (ii) shares in such Subsidiary REIT would cease to be qualifying assets for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs, and (iii) it is possible that we would fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, state and local income, property and excise taxes on our income or property and, in certain cases, a 100 penalty tax, in the event we sell property in a prohibited transaction as described below. In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiary will be subject to tax as a regular corporation in the jurisdictions it operates. 
 If our Operating Partnership failed to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse consequences. 
 We believe that our Operating Partnership will be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, our Operating Partnership will not be subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including us, will be allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, its share of our Operating Partnership s income. We cannot assure you, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of our Operating Partnership or any other subsidiary partnership in which we own an interest as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating our Operating Partnership or any such other subsidiary partnership as an entity taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, we would likely cease to qualify as a REIT. Also, the failure of our Operating Partnership or any subsidiary partnerships to qualify as a partnership could cause it to become subject to federal and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners, including us. 
 Our taxable REIT subsidiaries will be subject to federal income tax, and we will be required to pay a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our taxable REIT subsidiaries are not conducted on arm s length terms. 
 We own an interest in one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries, and may acquire securities in additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a corporation other than a REIT in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. If a taxable REIT subsidiary owns more than 35 of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Other than some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a taxable REIT subsidiary may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent REIT. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax as a regular C corporation. In addition, a 100 excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a taxable REIT subsidiary and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s length basis. 
 Not more than 20 of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries. We anticipate that the aggregate value of the stock and other securities of any taxable REIT subsidiaries that we own will be less than 20 of the value of our total assets, and we will monitor the value of these investments to ensure compliance with applicable asset test limitations. 
 To maintain our REIT qualification, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) each year. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. Accordingly, we may not be able to retain sufficient cash flow from operations to meet our debt service requirements and repay our debt. Therefore, we may need to raise 
 28 

additional capital for these purposes, and we cannot assure you that a sufficient amount of capital will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, when needed. Further, in order to maintain our REIT qualification and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from, among other things, differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. These sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market s perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, the per share trading price of our common stock, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 The maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for these reduced rates. Under current law, however, U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20 of the ordinary dividends (e.g., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs (generally to 29.6 assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37 maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. Accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs. 
 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination (unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors), and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may affect our profitability and may force us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the nature and diversification of our assets, the sources of our income and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. We may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the asset and income tests or to qualify under certain statutory relief provisions. We also may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. As a result, having to comply with the distribution requirement could cause us to: (1) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (2) borrow on unfavorable terms; or (3) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. Accordingly, satisfying the REIT requirements could have an adverse effect on our business results, profitability and ability to execute our business plan. Moreover, if we are compelled to liquidate our investments to meet any of these asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to REITs or may be subject to a 100 tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions. 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on us. 
 The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect our investors or us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. 
 29 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio consisted of 356 wholly-owned properties located in Southern California infill markets totaling approximately 42.4 million rentable square feet. 
 The table below sets forth relevant information with respect to the operating properties in our consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 Los Angeles Greater San Fernando Valley 10635 Vanowen St. Burbank 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1977 31,037 0.1 4 100.0 588,586 0.1 18.96 2980 2990 N San Fernando Road Burbank 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1950 / 2004 130,800 0.3 1 100.0 1,427,291 0.3 10.91 901 W. Alameda Ave. Burbank 1 Light Industrial / Office 1969 / 2009 44,924 0.1 3 100.0 1,730,356 0.3 38.52 9120 Mason Ave. Chatsworth 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1967 / 1999 319,348 0.8 2 100.0 3,044,154 0.6 9.53 21040 Nordoff Street; 9035 Independence Avenue; 21019 - 21045 Osborne Street Chatsworth 7 Warehouse / Distribution 1979 / 1980 153,236 0.4 10 90.6 2,021,326 0.4 14.55 9171 Oso Avenue Chatsworth 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1980 65,560 0.2 1 100.0 708,048 0.1 10.80 9200 Mason Avenue Chatsworth 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1968 80,410 0.2 1 100.0 820,182 0.2 10.20 9230 Mason Avenue Chatsworth 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1974 54,000 0.1 1 100.0 434,160 0.1 8.04 9250 Mason Avenue Chatsworth 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1977 56,292 0.1 1 100.0 444,316 0.1 7.89 21415-21605 Plummer Street Chatsworth 2 Light Industrial / Office 1986 231,769 0.5 3 82.5 4,899,749 0.9 25.63 19900 Plummer Street Chatsworth 1 Light Industrial / Office 1983 43,472 0.1 1 100.0 991,459 0.2 22.81 900-920 Allen Avenue Glendale 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1942 - 1995 68,630 0.2 2 100.0 1,105,851 0.2 16.11 3550 Tyburn St., 3332, 3334, 3360, 3368, 3370, 3378, 3380, 3410, 3424 N. San Fernando Rd. Los Angeles 8 Warehouse / Distribution 1966, 1992, 1993, 1994 474,475 1.1 25 98.9 6,976,028 1.3 14.87 3116 W. Avenue 32 Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1974 100,500 0.2 1 100.0 1,118,468 0.2 11.13 7900 Nelson Rd. Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1998 / 2015 202,905 0.5 3 100.0 2,180,631 0.4 10.75 3340 San Fernando Road Los Angeles Warehouse / Excess Land n/a 2800 Casitas Avenue Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1999 117,000 0.3 2 100.0 907,413 0.2 7.76 12154 Montague Street Pacoima 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1974 123,974 0.3 2 100.0 1,658,086 0.3 13.37 14200-14220 Arminta Street Panorama 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2006 200,003 0.5 1 100.0 2,675,378 0.5 13.38 7815 Van Nuys Blvd Panorama City 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1960 43,101 0.1 6 100.0 675,387 0.1 15.67 
 30 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 14350 Arminta Street Panorama City 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2006 18,147 1 100.0 311,773 0.1 17.18 121-125 N. Vinedo Ave. Pasadena 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1953 / 1993 48,381 0.1 1 100.0 685,159 0.1 14.16 1050 Arroyo Ave. San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1969 / 2012 76,993 0.2 2 100.0 756,310 0.1 9.82 605 8th Street San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1991 / 2015, 2020 55,715 0.1 1 100.0 688,637 0.1 12.36 525 Park Avenue San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2003 63,403 0.2 2 100.0 1,088,981 0.2 17.18 1145 Arroyo Avenue San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1989 147,019 0.4 2 74.9 1,287,849 0.2 11.69 1150 Aviation Place San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1989 147,000 0.3 1 100.0 1,358,675 0.2 9.24 1175 Aviation Place San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 92,455 0.2 1 100.0 933,499 0.2 10.10 1245 Aviation Place San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 132,936 0.3 1 100.0 1,130,488 0.2 8.50 635 8th Street San Fernando 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 72,250 0.2 2 100.0 904,613 0.2 12.52 24935 24955 Avenue Kearny Santa Clarita 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1988 138,980 0.3 2 100.0 1,337,216 0.2 9.62 25413 Rye Canyon Road Santa Clarita 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1981 48,158 0.1 1 60.2 281,108 0.1 9.70 24903 Avenue Kearny Santa Clarita 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1988 214,436 0.5 1 100.0 2,067,335 0.4 9.64 12838 Saticoy Street North Hollywood 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1954 100,390 0.2 1 100.0 1,240,820 0.2 12.36 9750-9770 San Fernando Road Sun Valley 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1952 35,624 0.1 1 100.0 568,504 0.1 15.96 11076-11078 Fleetwood Street Sun Valley 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1974 25,878 0.1 1 100.0 535,553 0.1 20.70 11308-11350 Penrose Street Sun Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1974 151,604 0.4 7 100.0 1,584,919 0.3 10.45 15140 15148 Bledsoe St., 13065 - 13081 Bradley Ave. Sylmar 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1969, 2008 / 2016 134,030 0.3 9 100.0 1,807,297 0.3 13.48 12772 San Fernando Road Sylmar 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1964 / 2013 140,837 0.3 2 51.7 1,678,581 0.3 23.06 13943-13955 Balboa Blvd Sylmar 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2000 208,495 0.5 2 76.9 1,779,243 0.3 11.10 18310-18330 Oxnard St. Tarzana 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1973 75,938 0.2 23 98.4 1,428,357 0.3 19.11 28340 - 28400 Avenue Crocker Valencia 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1987 / 2006 / 2015 90,722 0.2 2 100.0 805,035 0.1 8.87 28901-28903 Avenue Paine (6) 
 Valencia 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1999 / 2018, 2022 223,195 0.5 2 100.0 2,245,048 0.4 10.06 29003 Avenue Sherman Valencia 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2000 / 2019 68,123 0.2 1 100.0 615,755 0.1 9.04 28454 Livingston Avenue Valencia 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2007 134,287 0.3 1 100.0 1,795,060 0.3 13.37 28510 Industry Drive Valencia 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2017 46,778 0.1 1 100.0 452,596 0.1 9.68 29010 Avenue Paine Valencia 1 Light Industrial / Office 2000 100,157 0.2 1 100.0 982,720 0.2 9.81 29010 Commerce Center Drive Valencia 1 Light Industrial / Office 2002 117,151 0.3 1 100.0 1,187,349 0.2 10.14 29120 Commerce Center Drive Valencia 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2002 135,258 0.3 2 100.0 1,319,979 0.2 9.76 29125 Avenue Paine Valencia 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2006 175,897 0.4 1 100.0 1,543,507 0.3 8.78 
 31 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 15041 Calvert St. Van Nuys 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1971 81,282 0.2 1 100.0 853,949 0.2 10.51 8101-8117 Orion Ave. Van Nuys 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1978 48,394 0.1 23 96.1 877,861 0.2 18.88 6701 6711 Odessa Ave. Van Nuys 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1970-1972 / 2012 29,882 0.1 1 49.0 226,343 15.45 Van Nuys Airport Industrial Center Van Nuys 18 Warehouse / Distribution 1961 - 2007 463,661 1.1 29 100.0 8,356,059 1.5 18.02 15385 Oxnard Street Van Nuys 6 Warehouse / Distribution 1988 71,467 0.2 3 100.0 1,002,772 0.2 14.03 8210-8240 Haskell Avenue Van Nuys 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1962 - 1964 53,886 0.1 14243 Bessemer Street Van Nuys 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1987 14,299 1 100.0 264,128 18.47 7817 Haskell Avenue Van Nuys 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1960 7,327 1 100.0 621,000 0.1 84.76 Los Angeles Greater San Fernando Valley Total 102 6,531,871 15.4 205 95.3 81,010,947 14.8 13.01 Los Angeles San Gabriel Valley 415-435 Motor Avenue Azusa 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1956 / 2022 94,321 0.2 1 100.0 2,184,474 0.4 23.16 720-750 Vernon Avenue Azusa 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1950 71,692 0.2 1 100.0 891,141 0.2 12.43 425 S. Hacienda Blvd. City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1997 51,823 0.1 1 100.0 477,480 0.1 9.21 14955-14971 E Salt Lake Ave City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1979 126,036 0.3 5 100.0 1,487,794 0.3 11.80 15241 - 15277, 15317 - 15339 Don Julian Rd. City of Industry 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1965, 2005 / 2003 241,248 0.6 13 100.0 3,979,388 0.7 16.50 14421-14441 Bonelli Street City of Industry 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1971 148,740 0.3 1 100.0 1,677,029 0.3 11.27 16425 Gale Avenue City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1976 325,800 0.8 2 100.0 2,458,491 0.4 7.55 14748-14750 Nelson Avenue City of Industry 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1969 / 2018 201,990 0.5 13 93.7 3,415,310 0.6 18.04 13890 Nelson Avenue City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1982 256,993 0.6 1 100.0 2,159,340 0.4 8.40 218 Turnbull Canyon City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1999 190,900 0.4 1 100.0 1,233,471 0.2 6.46 15010 Don Julian Road (6) 
 City of Industry 1 Redevelopment 1963 92,925 0.2 334 El Encanto Road City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1960 64,368 0.1 1 100.0 1,011,865 0.2 15.72 17031-17037 Green Drive City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1968 51,000 0.1 2 100.0 622,800 0.1 12.21 14940 Proctor Road City of Industry 1 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1962 111,927 0.3 1 100.0 1,920,000 0.4 17.15 1020 Bixby Drive City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1977 56,915 0.1 1 100.0 597,949 0.1 10.51 15650 Don Julian Road City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2003 43,392 0.1 1 100.0 625,886 0.1 14.42 15700 Don Julian Road City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2001 40,453 0.1 1 100.0 514,536 0.1 12.72 17000 Gale Avenue City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2008 29,888 0.1 1 100.0 368,398 0.1 12.33 20851 Currier Road City of Industry 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1999 59,412 0.1 10750-10826 Lower Azusa Road El Monte 4 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1975 79,050 0.2 14 97.2 1,172,513 0.2 15.26 15715 Arrow Highway Irwindale 1 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1989 76,000 0.2 1 100.0 1,915,200 0.3 25.20 
 32 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 15705, 15709 Arrow Highway 5220 Fourth St. Irwindale 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1987 69,592 0.2 38 100.0 1,093,084 0.2 15.71 16321 Arrow Hwy. Irwindale 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1955 / 2001 64,296 0.1 1 100.0 700,154 0.1 10.89 4832-4850 Azusa Canyon Road Irwindale 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2016 87,421 0.2 2 100.0 1,081,764 0.2 12.37 4416 Azusa Canyon Road (6) 
 Irwindale Redevelopment 1956 2391-2393 Bateman Avenue Irwindale 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2005 65,605 0.2 1 100.0 921,094 0.2 14.04 14005 Live Oak Avenue Irwindale 1 Light Industrial / Office 1992 56,510 0.1 1 100.0 847,650 0.2 15.00 4500 Azusa Canyon Road Irwindale 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1950 77,266 0.2 1 100.0 2,178,000 0.4 28.19 14250-14278 Valley Blvd. La Puente 8 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1974 / 2007 100,346 0.2 27 96.9 1,377,318 0.3 14.16 1400 South Shamrock Monrovia 1 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1957, 1962 / 2004 67,838 0.2 1 100.0 1,117,634 0.2 16.48 280 West Bonita Avenue Pomona 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1983 119,898 0.3 1 100.0 1,037,358 0.2 8.65 2743 Thompson Creek Road Pomona 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1983 245,961 0.6 1 100.0 1,824,047 0.3 7.42 3880 West Valley Blvd. Pomona 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1980 / 2017 108,550 0.3 1 100.0 2,019,030 0.4 18.60 1601 Mission Blvd Pomona 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1952 751,528 1.8 2 100.0 4,305,254 0.8 5.73 Los Angeles San Gabriel Valley Total 52 4,229,684 10.0 139 96.0 47,215,452 8.7 11.63 Los Angeles Central 6020 Sheila St. Commerce 1 Cold Storage / Distribution 2000 70,877 0.2 1 100.0 1,202,943 0.2 16.97 5300 Sheila Street Commerce 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1975 695,120 1.6 1 100.0 5,588,030 1.0 8.04 6100 Sheila Street Commerce 1 Cold Storage / Distribution 1960 80,091 0.2 7 100.0 1,655,696 0.3 20.67 6277-6289 Slauson Avenue Commerce 3 Warehouse / Distribution 1962 - 1977 315,719 0.7 3 100.0 2,453,487 0.5 7.77 6687 Flotilla Street Commerce 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1956 120,000 0.3 1 100.0 1,305,216 0.2 10.88 2553 Garfield Avenue Commerce 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1954 25,615 0.1 1 100.0 127,200 4.97 6655 East 26th Street Commerce 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1965 47,500 0.1 1 100.0 387,600 0.1 8.16 6027 Eastern Avenue (6) 
 Commerce Redevelopment 1946 6996-7044 Bandini Blvd Commerce 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1968 112,944 0.3 2 100.0 1,879,328 0.3 16.64 6000-6052 6027-6029 Bandini Blvd Commerce 2 Warehouse / Distribution 2016 182,782 0.4 3 100.0 2,236,504 0.4 12.24 6700 S Alameda St. Huntington Park 1 Cold Storage / Distribution 1990 / 2008 78,280 0.2 1 100.0 1,328,588 0.2 16.97 679-691 S Anderson St. Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1992 / 2017 47,490 0.1 3 100.0 954,056 0.2 20.09 1825-1845 S Soto Street Los Angeles 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1993 25,040 0.1 1 100.0 369,784 0.1 14.77 1515 15th Street Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1977 246,588 0.6 1 100.0 2,622,545 0.5 10.64 2750 Alameda Street Los Angeles 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1961 - 1980 164,026 0.4 4 88.0 1,257,553 0.2 8.72 
 33 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 East 27th Street Los Angeles 4 Light Industrial 1961 - 2004 300,389 0.7 7 100.0 3,250,498 0.6 10.82 2425-2535 East 12th Street Los Angeles 4 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1988 257,536 0.6 7 65.6 3,174,344 0.6 18.78 1501-1545 Rio Vista Avenue Los Angeles 2 Warehouse / Distribution 2003 54,777 0.1 2 35.3 287,004 0.1 14.86 8542 Slauson Avenue Pico Rivera 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1964 24,679 0.1 1 100.0 799,819 0.1 32.41 8315 Hanan Way Pico Rivera 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1976 100,692 0.2 1 100.0 843,173 0.2 8.37 1938-1946 E. 46th St. Vernon 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1961, 1983 / 2008-2010 190,663 0.4 3 100.0 2,024,136 0.4 10.62 2970 East 50th Street Vernon 1 Warehouse / Distribution 48,876 0.1 1 100.0 769,803 0.1 15.75 Los Angeles Central Total 36 3,189,684 7.5 52 95.5 34,517,305 6.3 11.33 Los Angeles - Mid-Counties 6635 Caballero Blvd Buena Park 1 Light Industrial / Office 2003 92,395 0.2 1 100.0 970,702 0.2 10.51 16221 Arthur St. Cerritos 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1979 / 2021 61,372 0.1 1 100.0 667,531 0.1 10.88 16010 Shoemaker Avenue Cerritos 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1985 115,600 0.3 1 100.0 1,103,760 0.2 9.55 16121 Carmenita Road Cerritos 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1969/1983, 2020 105,477 0.3 2 100.0 1,083,319 0.2 10.27 14100 Vine Place Cerritos 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1979 / 2022 122,514 0.3 9220-9268 Hall Rd. Downey 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2008 176,405 0.4 40 97.7 2,314,465 0.4 13.43 12200 Bellflower Blvd Downey 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1955 54,161 0.1 1 100.0 1,231,751 0.2 22.74 9607-9623 Imperial Highway Downey 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1974 7,466 1 100.0 833,198 0.1 111.60 14820-14830 Carmenita Road Norwalk 3 Warehouse / Distribution 1970, 2000 198,845 0.5 3 100.0 2,454,476 0.4 12.34 9615 Norwalk Blvd. (6) 
 Santa Fe Springs Redevelopment 1975 9641 - 9657 Santa Fe Springs Rd. Santa Fe Springs 4 Warehouse / Distribution 1982 / 2009 107,401 0.3 4 100.0 1,573,990 0.3 14.66 10701-10719 Norwalk Blvd. Santa Fe Springs 2 Warehouse / Distribution 2004 58,056 0.1 5 100.0 667,039 0.1 11.49 10950 Norwalk Blvd 12241 Lakeland Rd. Santa Fe Springs 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1982 18,995 0.1 1 100.0 510,389 0.1 26.87 12247 Lakeland Rd. Santa Fe Springs 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1971 / 2016 24,875 0.1 1 100.0 381,374 0.1 15.33 12907 Imperial Highway Santa Fe Springs 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1997 101,080 0.2 1 100.0 1,047,093 0.2 10.36 14944, 14946, 14948 Shoemaker Ave. Santa Fe Springs 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1978 / 2012 85,950 0.2 25 100.0 1,140,934 0.2 13.27 10747 Norwalk Blvd Santa Fe Springs 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1999 52,691 0.1 3 100.0 548,851 0.1 10.42 11600 Los Nietos Road Santa Fe Springs 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1976 / 2022 106,251 0.3 1 100.0 2,231,271 0.4 21.00 12133 Greenstone Avenue Santa Fe Springs Industrial Outdoor Storage 1967 12211 Greenstone Avenue Santa Fe Springs Industrial Outdoor Storage N/A 1 857,549 0.2 9920-10020 Pioneer Blvd (6) 
 Santa Fe Springs Redevelopment 1973 - 1978 12118 Bloomfield Avenue (6) 
 Santa Fe Springs Redevelopment 1955 
 34 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 12017 Greenstone Avenue Santa Fe Springs Industrial Outdoor Storage n/a 2 2,559,422 0.5 12027 Greenstone Avenue Santa Fe Springs 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1975 7,780 1 100.0 114,000 14.65 13711 Freeway Drive Santa Fe Springs 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1963 82,092 0.2 2 100.0 1,389,840 0.3 16.93 13535 Larwin Circle Santa Fe Springs 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1987 56,011 0.1 1 100.0 468,169 0.1 8.36 Gateway Pointe Whittier 4 Warehouse / Distribution 2005 - 2006 989,195 2.3 4 100.0 10,914,803 2.0 11.03 Los Angeles Mid-Counties Total 32 2,624,612 6.2 102 95.2 35,063,926 6.4 14.04 Los Angeles South Bay 750 Manville Street Compton 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1977 59,996 0.1 1 100.0 629,368 0.1 10.49 1065 E. Walnut Ave. Carson 1 Cold Storage / Distribution 1974 172,420 0.4 2 100.0 2,758,547 0.5 16.00 18118-18120 S. Broadway Carson 3 Warehouse / Distribution 1957 / 1989, 2017 78,183 0.2 5 100.0 1,207,895 0.2 15.45 17000 Kingsview Ave/800 Sandhill Ave Carson 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1984 100,121 0.2 2 100.0 1,066,958 0.2 10.66 263-321 Gardena Blvd Carson 2 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1977 - 1982 55,238 0.1 2 100.0 952,451 0.2 17.24 18115 Main Street Carson 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1988 42,270 0.1 1 100.0 394,655 0.1 9.34 1055 Sandhill Avenue (6) 
 Carson Redevelopment 1973 701-751 Kingshill Place Carson 6 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1979 / 2020 171,056 0.4 7 100.0 2,194,173 0.4 12.83 256 Alondra Blvd Carson 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1954 2,456 1 100.0 636,540 0.1 259.18 17011-17027 Central Avenue Carson 3 Warehouse / Distribution 1979 52,561 0.1 1 100.0 967,570 0.2 18.41 21022 21034 Figueroa Street Carson 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2002 51,185 0.1 1 100.0 1,105,596 0.2 21.60 2130-2140 Del Amo Blvd Carson 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1980 99,064 0.2 2 100.0 1,823,904 0.3 18.41 20455 Reeves Avenue Carson 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1982 110,075 0.3 1 100.0 2,575,755 0.5 23.40 1420 Mckinley Avenue Compton 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2017 136,685 0.3 1 100.0 1,550,709 0.3 11.35 2020 Central Avenue Compton 1 Light Industrial 1972 30,233 0.1 1 100.0 400,459 0.1 13.25 17909 17929 Susana Road Compton 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1970 - 1973 57,376 0.1 2 100.0 757,368 0.1 13.20 3131 Harcourt Street 18031 Susana Road Compton 2 Warehouse / Excess Land 1970 73,000 0.2 2 100.0 630,360 0.1 8.64 13225 Western Avenue Gardena 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1955 21,010 0.1 1 100.0 201,472 9.59 400 Rosecrans Avenue Gardena 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1967 28,006 0.1 11832-11954 La Cienega Blvd Hawthorne 4 Light Industrial / Office 1999 63,462 0.2 8 93.4 1,080,365 0.2 18.23 2205 126th Street Hawthorne 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1998 63,532 0.2 4 100.0 923,029 0.2 14.53 240 W Ivy Avenue Inglewood 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1981 46,974 0.1 3 100.0 847,050 0.2 18.03 687 Eucalyptus Avenue Inglewood 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2017 143,436 0.3 1 100.0 2,462,373 0.5 17.17 4175 Conant Street Long Beach 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2015 142,593 0.3 1 100.0 2,196,851 0.4 15.41 1580 Carson Street Long Beach 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1982 / 2018 43,787 0.1 1 100.0 631,584 0.1 14.42 
 35 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 Long Beach Business Park Long Beach 4 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1973 - 1976 123,532 0.3 33 95.9 1,744,421 0.3 14.72 3901 Via Oro Avenue Long Beach 1 Light Industrial / Office 1983 53,817 0.1 1 100.0 1,432,507 0.3 26.62 1661 240th St. Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1975 / 1995 96,616 0.2 2 100.0 1,028,854 0.2 10.65 11120, 11160, 11200 Hindry Ave Los Angeles 3 Warehouse / Distribution 1992 / 1994 63,654 0.2 14 100.0 1,345,639 0.2 21.14 15401 Figueroa Street Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1964 / 2018 38,584 0.1 3 100.0 493,405 0.1 12.79 15601 Avalon Blvd (6) 
 Los Angeles Redevelopment 1984 15650-15700 Avalon Blvd (6) 
 Los Angeles 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1962 - 1978 / 2022 98,259 0.2 1 100.0 2,837,799 0.5 28.88 514 East C Street Los Angeles 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 2019 3,436 1 100.0 532,098 0.1 154.86 17907-18001 Figueroa Street Los Angeles 6 Warehouse / Excess Land 1954 - 1960 74,810 0.2 13 100.0 987,498 0.2 13.20 8911 Aviation Blvd Los Angeles 1 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1971 100,000 0.2 1 100.0 1,520,124 0.3 15.20 2500 Victoria Street Los Angeles Industrial Outdoor Storage n/a 1 11,221,901 2.1 444 Quay Avenue Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1992 29,760 0.1 18455 Figueroa Street Los Angeles 2 Light Industrial / Office 1978 146,765 0.4 1 100.0 2,641,770 0.5 18.00 620 Anaheim Street Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1984 34,555 0.1 2 100.0 964,384 0.2 27.91 14434-14527 San Pedro Street Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1971 118,923 0.3 2 100.0 180,000 1.51 13301 Main Street Los Angeles 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1989 106,969 0.3 1 100.0 2,223,532 0.4 20.79 14400 Figueroa Street Los Angeles 4 Warehouse / Distribution 1967 121,062 0.3 1 100.0 3,529,412 0.6 29.15 2588 2605 Industry Way Lynwood 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1969 / 1971 164,662 0.4 1 100.0 1,612,964 0.3 9.80 6423-6431 6407-6119 Alondra Blvd. Paramount 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1986 30,224 0.1 9 100.0 429,957 0.1 14.23 7110 Rosecrans Ave. Paramount 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1972 / 2015, 2019 74,856 0.2 2 100.0 855,149 0.2 11.42 2301-2329, 2331-2359, 2361-2399, 2370-2398 2332-2366 E Pacifica Place; 20001-20021 Rancho Way Rancho Dominguez 6 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 / 2021 1,150,644 2.7 15 99.1 14,389,812 2.6 12.62 19402 Susana Road Rancho Dominguez 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1957 15,433 1 100.0 274,140 17.76 19100 Susana Road Rancho Dominguez 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1956 52,714 0.1 1 100.0 990,207 0.2 18.78 2757 Del Amo Blvd Rancho Dominguez 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1967 57,300 0.1 3150 Ana Street Rancho Dominguez 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1957 105,970 0.3 1 100.0 2,416,116 0.4 22.80 19007 Reyes Avenue Rancho Dominguez Industrial Outdoor Storage 1969 / 2021 1 1,293,619 0.2 2880 Ana Street Rancho Dominguez 3 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1963 10,732 1 1,328,184 0.2 19431 Santa Fe Avenue Rancho Dominguez 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1974 77,758 0.2 2 100.0 692,940 0.1 8.91 
 36 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 20304 Alameda Street Rancho Dominguez 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1970 80,850 0.2 1 100.0 2,400,000 0.4 29.68 2410-2420 Santa Fe Avenue Redondo Beach 1 Light Industrial / Office 1977 112,000 0.3 1 100.0 1,578,272 0.3 14.09 2601-2641 Manhattan Beach Blvd Redondo Beach 6 Light Industrial / Office 1978 126,726 0.3 28 85.6 2,240,409 0.4 20.64 2400 Marine Avenue Redondo Beach 2 Light Industrial / Office 1964 50,000 0.1 4 100.0 1,877,544 0.3 37.55 20920-20950 Normandie Ave. Torrance 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1989 49,519 0.1 27 100.0 894,378 0.2 18.06 24105 Frampton Avenue Torrance 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1974 / 2016 49,841 0.1 1 100.0 485,624 0.1 9.74 1500-1510 W. 228th St. Torrance 8 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1963 / 1968, 2017 87,890 0.2 10 92.9 1,179,123 0.2 14.44 3100 Fujita Street Torrance 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1970 91,516 0.2 1 100.0 812,362 0.1 8.88 960-970 Knox Street Torrance 1 Light Industrial / Office 1976 39,400 0.1 3 63.5 436,257 0.1 17.45 1300, 1301, 1315, 1320-13330, 1347 Storm Parkway; 1338 W. 288th St.; 23021-23023 Normandie Ave.; 22815 23023 Normandie Ave.; 22815 22831 Frampton Ave. Torrance 8 Warehouse / Distribution 1982 - 2008 267,503 0.6 13 100.0 3,388,061 0.6 12.67 19951 Mariner Avenue Torrance 1 Light Industrial / Office 1986 89,272 0.2 1 100.0 1,567,788 0.3 17.56 3100 Lomita Blvd Torrance 5 Light Industrial / Office 1967 - 1998 575,976 1.4 7 91.0 11,545,295 2.1 22.03 21515 Western Avenue (6) 
 Torrance 1 Redevelopment 1991 56,199 0.1 4240 190th Street Torrance 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1966 307,487 0.7 3 100.0 3,260,804 0.6 10.60 19475 Gramercy Place Torrance 1 Light Industrial 1982 / 2022 47,712 0.1 1 100.0 1,030,579 0.2 21.60 20900 Normandie Avenue Torrance 1 Warehouse / Distribution 0 74,038 0.2 4 100.0 987,792 0.2 13.34 3547-3555 Voyager Street Torrance 3 Light Industrial / Office 1986 60,248 0.2 17 87.6 864,410 0.2 16.38 19145 Gramercy Place Torrance 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1977 102,143 0.2 1 100.0 1,754,858 0.3 17.18 301-445 Figueroa Street Wilmington 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1972 / 2018 133,650 0.3 14 100.0 2,020,297 0.4 15.12 508 East E Street Wilmington 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1988 57,522 0.1 1 64.3 1,620,000 0.3 43.78 1800 Lomita Blvd Wilmington Industrial Outdoor Storage n/a 4 4,152,252 0.8 920 Pacific Coast Highway Wilmington 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1954 148,186 0.4 1 100.0 4,146,000 0.8 27.98 Los Angeles South Bay Total 138 7,403,432 17.5 305 95.7 133,203,569 24.4 18.81 Orange County North 1100-1170 Gilbert St. 2353-2373 La Palma Ave. Anaheim 6 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1972 / 1990 / 2013 121,606 0.3 22 100.0 1,910,417 0.4 15.71 5235 East Hunter Ave. Anaheim 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1987 120,127 0.3 3 100.0 1,171,755 0.2 9.75 1210 N Red Gum St Anaheim 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1985 / 2020 64,570 0.1 1 100.0 690,503 0.1 10.69 1190 Stanford Court Anaheim 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1979 34,494 0.1 1 100.0 461,093 0.1 13.37 900 East Ball Road Anaheim 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1956 / 2022 62,607 0.1 1 100.0 1,362,446 0.2 21.76 
 37 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 3071 Coronado Street Anaheim 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1973 109,908 0.3 1 100.0 404-430 Berry Way Brea 3 Warehouse / Excess Land 1964 - 1967 120,250 0.3 3 100.0 2,236,578 0.4 18.60 2300-2386 East Walnut Ave. Fullerton 3 Warehouse / Distribution 1985-1986 / 2005 161,574 0.4 16 100.0 2,357,696 0.4 14.59 1600 Orangethorpe 1335-1375 Acacia Fullerton 5 Warehouse / Distribution 1968 / 1985 345,756 0.8 9 100.0 3,868,359 0.7 11.19 1901 Via Burton (6) 
 Fullerton Redevelopment 1960 1500 Raymond Avenue Fullerton Industrial Outdoor Storage n/a 1 900,000 0.2 5593-5595 Fresca Drive La Palma 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1973 115,200 0.3 2 100.0 1,392,038 0.3 12.08 1581 Main Street Orange 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1994 39,661 0.1 1 100.0 371,227 0.1 9.36 445-449 Freedom Avenue Orange 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1980 92,647 0.2 2 100.0 1,210,730 0.2 13.07 560 Main Street Orange 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1973 17,000 1 100.0 127,184 7.48 2401-2421 Glassell Street Orange 4 Light Industrial / Office 1987 191,127 0.4 5 100.0 3,463,158 0.6 18.12 2390-2444 American Way (6) 
 Orange Redevelopment n/a 22895 Eastpark Drive Yorba Linda 1 Light Industrial / Office 1986 34,950 0.1 1 100.0 394,378 0.1 11.28 Orange County North Total 31 1,631,477 3.8 70 100.0 21,917,562 4.0 13.43 Orange County West 12131 Western Avenue Garden Grove 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1987 / 2007, 2017 207,953 0.5 1 100.0 2,106,476 0.4 10.13 12622-12632 Monarch Street Garden Grove 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1967 121,225 0.3 3 100.0 1,784,145 0.3 14.72 12752-12822 Monarch Street Garden Grove 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1971 272,982 0.6 4 40.8 1,114,755 0.2 10.01 12821 Knott Street (6) 
 Garden Grove 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1971 120,800 0.3 17311 Nichols Ln. Huntington Beach 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1993 / 2014 114,912 0.3 1 100.0 1,016,046 0.2 8.84 5421 Argosy Avenue Huntington Beach 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1976 35,321 0.1 1 100.0 401,642 0.1 11.37 7612-7642 Woodwind Drive Huntington Beach 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2001 62,377 0.1 3 100.0 767,089 0.2 12.30 1700 Saturn Way Seal Beach 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2006 184,000 0.4 1 100.0 2,342,467 0.4 12.73 Orange County West Total 11 1,119,570 2.6 14 74.8 9,532,620 1.8 11.39 Orange County South 9 Holland Irvine 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1980 / 2013 180,981 0.4 2 100.0 2,676,270 0.5 14.79 20531 Crescent Bay Dr. Lake Forest 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1998 48,873 0.1 1 100.0 774,148 0.1 15.84 20 Icon Lake Forest 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1999 / 2015 102,299 0.3 1 100.0 1,632,247 0.3 15.96 25781 Atlantic Ocean Drive Lake Forest 1 Light Industrial / Office 1996 28,254 0.1 1 100.0 518,743 0.1 18.36 20481 Crescent Bay Drive Lake Forest 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1996 88,355 0.2 1 100.0 905,494 0.2 10.25 Orange County South Total 5 448,762 1.1 6 100.0 6,506,902 1.2 14.50 
 38 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 Orange County Airport 18250 Euclid Street Fountain Valley 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1974 62,838 0.2 1 100.0 783,978 0.1 12.48 1601 Alton Pkwy. Irvine 1 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1974 / 2018 124,784 0.3 5 100.0 1,823,942 0.3 14.62 3441 West MacArthur Blvd. Santa Ana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1973 / 2022 124,102 0.3 1 100.0 1,816,853 0.3 14.64 600-650 South Grand Ave. Santa Ana 6 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1988 101,367 0.2 53 92.3 1,539,856 0.3 16.45 3720-3750 W. Warner Ave. Santa Ana 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1973 / 2008 38,611 0.1 12 96.3 590,418 0.1 15.88 2610 2701 S. Birch Street Santa Ana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1965 / 2016 98,379 0.2 3 100.0 1,355,046 0.3 13.77 1801 St Andrew Place Santa Ana 1 Light Industrial / Office 1987 370,374 0.9 2 100.0 6,023,116 1.1 16.26 15777 Gateway Circle Tustin 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2005 37,592 0.1 1 100.0 456,949 0.1 12.16 15771 Red Hill Avenue Tustin 1 Light Industrial / Office 1979 / 2016 98,970 0.2 2 81.3 2,581,806 0.5 32.07 Orange County Airport Total 14 1,057,017 2.5 80 97.4 16,971,964 3.1 16.49 Riverside / San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 13971 Norton Avenue Chino 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1990 103,208 0.2 1 100.0 714,364 0.1 6.92 5002-5018 Lindsay Court Chino 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1986 64,960 0.2 2 100.0 962,472 0.2 14.82 340-344 Bonnie Circle Corona 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1994 98,000 0.2 1 100.0 737,412 0.1 7.52 1168 Sherborn Street Corona 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2004 79,515 0.2 1 100.0 820,595 0.2 10.32 755 Trademark Circle Corona 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2001 34,427 0.1 1 100.0 577,200 0.1 16.77 The Merge Eastvale 6 Warehouse / Distribution 2020 333,544 0.8 8 100.0 4,089,420 0.8 12.26 6245 Providence Way Eastvale 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2018 27,636 0.1 1 100.0 297,154 0.1 10.75 Merge-West Eastvale 6 Warehouse / Distribution 2022 1,057,419 2.5 3 70.9 12,287,126 2.3 16.38 13231 Slover Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1990 109,463 0.3 1 100.0 2,364,401 0.4 21.60 10509 Business Drive Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 130,788 0.3 2 100.0 2,394,094 0.4 18.31 15996 Jurupa Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2015 212,660 0.5 1 100.0 2,023,928 0.4 9.52 11127 Catawba Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2015 145,750 0.3 1 100.0 1,261,029 0.2 8.65 10156 Live Oak Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2020 236,912 0.6 1 100.0 2,049,763 0.4 8.65 10694 Tamarind Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2020 99,999 0.2 1 100.0 916,608 0.2 9.17 13369 Valley Blvd Fontana 1 Light Industrial / Office 2005 105,041 0.2 1 100.0 902,648 0.2 8.59 15850 Slover Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2020 60,127 0.1 1 100.0 624,263 0.1 10.38 13512 Marlay Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1960 199,363 0.5 1 100.0 1,624,352 0.3 8.15 13700-13738 Slover Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 1982 17,862 1 100.0 10131 Banana Avenue Fontana Industrial Outdoor Storage n/a 1 465,739 0.1 14874 Jurupa Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2019 158,119 0.4 1 100.0 3,118,200 0.6 19.72 10660 Mulberry Avenue Fontana 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1990 49,530 0.1 1 100.0 378,759 0.1 7.65 
 39 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 4225 Etiwanda Avenue Jurupa Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1998 134,500 0.3 3 100.0 1,149,300 0.2 8.54 4325 Etiwanda Avenue Jurupa Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1998 124,258 0.3 1 100.0 790,128 0.1 6.36 4039 State Street Montclair 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2020 139,000 0.3 1 100.0 1,203,295 0.2 8.66 5160 Richton Street Montclair 1 Light Industrial / Office 2004 94,976 0.2 5 100.0 1,302,236 0.2 13.71 1400 S. Campus Ave. Ontario 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1964-1966, 1973, 1987 107,861 0.3 1 100.0 1,048,409 0.2 9.72 601-605 S. Milliken Ave. Ontario 3 Light Industrial / Office 1987 / 1988 128,313 0.3 25 87.7 1,469,623 0.3 13.07 845, 855, 865 S Milliken Ave 4317, 4319 Santa Ana St. Ontario 5 Light Industrial / Office 1985 113,812 0.3 19 100.0 1,355,840 0.3 11.91 710 South Dupont Avenue 4051 Santa Ana Street Ontario 2 Warehouse / Distribution 2001 111,890 0.3 5 100.0 1,795,117 0.3 16.04 Safari Business Center Ontario 16 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 1,143,104 2.7 80 89.0 13,730,648 2.5 13.50 3002-3008, 3022-3030, 3042-3050 3062-3072 Inland Empire Boulevard Ontario 4 Warehouse / Distribution 1981 218,407 0.5 10 85.1 2,170,059 0.4 11.68 302 Rockefeller Avenue Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2000 99,282 0.2 1 100.0 846,207 0.2 8.52 4355 Brickell Street Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2004 95,644 0.2 1 100.0 787,985 0.1 8.24 1900 Proforma Avenue Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 135,360 0.3 11 76.6 1,340,106 0.2 12.93 4621 Guasti Road Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1988 64,512 0.2 1 100.0 780,957 0.1 12.11 1555 Cucamonga Avenue Ontario 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1973 107,023 0.3 2 100.0 774,000 0.1 7.23 500 Dupont Avenue Ontario 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1987 276,000 0.6 5772 Jurupa Street Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1992 360,000 0.8 1 100.0 2,454,702 0.5 6.82 1010 Belmont Street Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1987 61,824 0.1 1 100.0 492,651 0.1 7.97 1550-1600 Champagne Avenue Ontario 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 124,243 0.3 2 100.0 1,076,220 0.2 8.66 1154 Holt Blvd Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2021 35,033 0.1 1172 Holt Blvd Ontario 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2021 44,004 0.1 1 100.0 517,500 0.1 11.76 9160 - 9220 Cleveland Ave., 10860 6th St. Rancho Cucamonga 3 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1988-1989 / 2006 129,309 0.3 5 100.0 2,319,648 0.4 17.94 9805 6th St. Rancho Cucamonga 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1986 81,377 0.2 4 100.0 1,048,123 0.2 12.88 10700 Jersey Blvd. Rancho Cucamonga 7 Light Industrial / Office 1988-1989 107,568 0.3 60 98.7 1,758,869 0.3 16.57 11190 White Birch Drive Rancho Cucamonga 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1986 201,035 0.5 2 100.0 1,665,921 0.3 8.29 12320 4th Street Rancho Cucamonga 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1997/2003 284,676 0.7 1 100.0 1,351,496 0.2 4.75 2520 Baseline Road Rialto 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2020 156,586 0.4 1 100.0 1,275,863 0.2 8.15 Riverside / San Bernardino Inland Empire West Total 95 8,003,920 18.9 276 89.7 83,114,430 15.2 11.58 
 40 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 San Bernardino Inland Empire East 6750 Unit B - 6780 Central Ave. Riverside 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1978 33,258 0.1 1 100.0 610,617 0.1 18.36 San Bernardino Inland Empire East Total 2 33,258 0.1 1 100.0 610,617 0.1 18.36 Ventura County 300 South Lewis Rd. Camarillo 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1960-1963 / 2006 215,128 0.5 11 100.0 2,313,981 0.4 10.76 3233 Mission Oaks Blvd Camarillo 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1980-1982 / 2014, 2018, 2019 409,217 1.0 11 100.0 3,824,791 0.7 9.35 2328 Teller Road Newbury Park 1 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1970 / 2018 126,317 0.3 12 100.0 1,912,048 0.3 15.14 201 Rice Ave. 2400-2420 Celsius Oxnard 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2008 137,785 0.3 23 100.0 1,618,202 0.3 11.74 610-760 W Hueneme Rd 5651-5721 Perkins Rd Oxnard 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1985 87,181 0.2 21 95.9 1,111,035 0.2 13.29 1800 Eastman Ave Oxnard 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2009 33,332 0.1 1 100.0 297,040 0.1 8.91 2220-2260 Camino del Sol Oxnard 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2005 69,891 0.2 2 100.0 708,359 0.1 10.14 2360-2364 E. Sturgis Road Oxnard 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1989 49,641 0.1 16 95.6 566,068 0.1 11.93 3000 Paseo Mercado, 3120-3150 Paseo Mercado Oxnard 5 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1988 132,187 0.3 25 97.5 1,438,907 0.3 11.16 701 Del Norte Blvd. Oxnard 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 2000 125,514 0.3 17 100.0 1,467,667 0.3 11.69 2950 Madera Rd. Simi Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1988 / 2005 136,065 0.3 1 100.0 937,401 0.2 6.89 21-29 West Easy St. Simi Valley 5 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1991 / 2006 102,440 0.2 18 100.0 1,524,770 0.3 14.88 2390 Ward Avenue Simi Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1989 138,700 0.3 2 100.0 1,741,477 0.3 12.56 1998 Surveyor Avenue Simi Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 2018 56,306 0.1 1 100.0 664,493 0.1 11.80 2280 Ward Avenue Simi Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1995 242,101 0.6 7 100.0 2,756,056 0.5 11.38 Meggitt Simi Valley Simi Valley 3 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1984 / 2005 285,750 0.7 1 100.0 2,468,880 0.4 8.64 3935-3949 Heritage Oak Court Simi Valley 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1999 186,726 0.4 2 100.0 1,949,419 0.4 10.44 851 Lawrence Drive Thousand Oaks 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1968 / 2021 90,773 0.2 3 100.0 1,273,398 0.2 14.03 2405, 2430, 2455, 2500, 2535, 2570, 2585, 2595, 2615 Conejo Spectrum St. Thousand Oaks 9 Warehouse / Distribution 2018 / 2020 531,378 1.3 10 100.0 5,789,511 1.1 10.90 Ventura County Total 43 3,156,432 7.4 184 99.7 34,363,503 6.3 10.92 San Diego North County 6200 6300 Yarrow Dr. Carlsbad 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1977-1988 / 2006 151,433 0.4 3 100.0 1,800,109 0.3 11.89 2431-2465 Impala Dr. Carlsbad 7 Light Manufacturing / Flex 1983 / 2006 90,091 0.2 10 91.9 1,528,067 0.3 18.46 6231 6241 Yarrow Dr. Carlsbad 2 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1977 / 2006 80,461 0.2 6 100.0 1,116,467 0.2 13.88 6131-6133 Innovation Way Carlsbad 2 Warehouse / Distribution 2017 114,572 0.3 4 100.0 1,588,380 0.3 13.86 2270 Camino Vida Roble Carlsbad 1 Light Industrial / Office 1981 106,311 0.2 17 91.5 1,602,642 0.3 16.48 1332-1340 Rocky Point Drive Oceanside 3 Warehouse / Distribution 2009 / 2019 73,748 0.2 3 100.0 906,448 0.2 12.29 
 41 

Property Address City Number of Buildings Asset Type Year Built / Renovated (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Number of Leases Occupancy Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Total Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (5) 
 4039 Calle Platino Oceanside 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1991 143,274 0.3 4 92.7 1,690,464 0.3 12.73 1402 Avenida Del Oro Oceanside 1 Warehouse / Excess Land 2016 311,995 0.7 1 100.0 4,311,948 0.8 13.82 2843 Benet Road Oceanside 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1987 35,000 0.1 1 100.0 461,795 0.1 13.19 660-664 Twin Oaks Valley Road San Marcos 2 Warehouse / Distribution 1978 - 1988 96,993 0.2 2 100.0 1,025,498 0.2 10.57 980 Rancheros Drive San Marcos 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1982 48,878 0.1 1 100.0 577,200 0.1 11.81 929, 935, 939 951 Poinsettia Ave. Vista 4 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1989 / 2007 115,355 0.3 8 100.0 1,253,698 0.2 10.87 2575 Pioneer Ave. Vista 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1988 / 2006 68,935 0.2 8 100.0 873,048 0.1 12.66 2455 Ash Street Vista 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1990 42,508 0.1 1 100.0 439,260 0.1 10.33 San Diego North County Total 29 1,479,554 3.5 69 98.2 19,175,024 3.5 13.20 San Diego Central 12720-12860 Danielson Ct. Poway 6 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1999 111,860 0.3 15 100.0 1,785,687 0.3 15.96 8902-8940 Activity Rd San Diego 5 Light Industrial / Office 1987 / 1997 112,876 0.3 36 98.8 2,157,724 0.4 19.35 6970-7170 7310-7374 Convoy Ct. San Diego 13 Warehouse / Distribution 1971 187,787 0.4 52 100.0 3,530,247 0.7 18.80 9340 Cabot Drive San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1975 / 1976 86,564 0.2 3 100.0 1,071,123 0.2 12.37 9404 Cabot Drive San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1975 / 1976 46,846 0.1 1 100.0 574,351 0.1 12.26 9455 Cabot Drive San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1975 / 1976 99,403 0.2 2 100.0 1,232,792 0.2 12.40 9755 Distribution Ave. San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1974 47,666 0.1 2 100.0 523,556 0.1 10.98 9855 Distribution Ave San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1983 61,075 0.1 2 100.0 852,264 0.2 13.95 10439-10477 Roselle St. San Diego 10 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1970 / 2007 97,737 0.2 42 100.0 1,886,373 0.3 19.30 8525 Camino Santa Fe San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1986 59,399 0.1 4 100.0 922,343 0.2 15.53 13550 Stowe Drive San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1991 112,000 0.3 1 100.0 1,344,000 0.2 12.00 9190 Activity Road San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1986 83,520 0.2 1 100.0 945,414 0.2 11.32 10015 Waples Court San Diego 1 Warehouse / Distribution 1988 / 2020 106,412 0.3 1 100.0 1,557,916 0.3 14.64 8985 Crestmar Point San Diego 1 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 1988 57,086 0.1 2 86.9 512,799 0.1 10.34 5725 Eastgate Drive San Diego 1 Industrial Outdoor Storage 1995 27,267 0.1 1 100.0 590,073 0.1 21.64 8745-8775 Production Avenue San Diego 2 Light Industrial / Office 1974 / 2021 46,820 0.1 4 100.0 681,447 0.1 14.55 8888-8992 Balboa Avenue San Diego Redevelopment 1967 4181 Ruffin Road San Diego 1 Light Industrial / Office 1987 150,144 0.4 5 82.1 2,976,874 0.5 24.14 San Diego Central Total 48 1,494,462 3.5 174 97.6 23,144,983 4.2 15.87 Consolidated Portfolio - Total / Weighted Average 356 Properties 638 42,403,735 100.0 1,677 94.6 546,348,804 100.0 13.61 
 
 42 

(1) Year renovated reflects the most recent year in which a material upgrade, alteration or addition to building systems was completed, resulting in increased marketability of the property. 
 (2) Calculated as rentable square feet for such property divided by rentable square feet for the total consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Calculated as monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of the lease(s) at such property, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12. Excludes tenant reimbursements. 
 (4) Calculated as annualized base rent for such property divided by annualized base rent for the total consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Calculated as annualized base rent for such property divided by occupied square feet for such property as of December 31, 2022. 
 (6) This property is undergoing repositioning, redevelopment, or lease-up as of December 31, 2022. 
 (7) Safari Business Park consists of 16 buildings with the following addresses: 1845, 1885, 1901-1957 and 2037-2077 Vineyard Avenue; 1906-1946 and 2048-2058 Cedar Street; 1900-1956, 1901-1907, 1911-1951, 2010-2020 and 2030-2071 Lynx Place; 1810, 1840-1898, 1910-1960 and 2030-2050 Carlos Avenue; 2010-2057 and 2060-2084 Francis Street. 
 
 Property Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information relating to diversification by property type in our portfolio based on total annualized rent as of December 31, 2022. 
 Property Type Number of Properties Occupancy (1) 
 Building Square Feet Percentage of Total Building Square Feet Land Square Feet Coverage (2) 
 Annualized Base 
 Rent (3) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Annualized Base Rent per Building Square Foot (5) 
 Warehouse / Distribution 167 95.6 26,581,232 62.7 57,023,029 46.6 302,824 55.4 11.91 Warehouse / Light Manufacturing 93 92.6 8,833,497 20.8 19,964,033 44.2 105,181 19.2 12.86 Light Industrial / Office (6) 
 34 94.8 4,071,914 9.6 9,776,554 41.6 68,745 12.6 17.80 Industrial Outdoor Storage 18 94.1 182,005 0.4 7,286,286 2.5 28,426 5.2 3.90 (7) 
 Warehouse / Excess Land 20 94.3 1,358,029 3.2 5,335,106 25.5 20,170 3.7 15.76 Light Manufacturing / Flex 8 99.1 826,266 2.0 2,141,835 38.6 14,057 2.6 17.16 Cold Storage / Distribution 4 100.0 401,668 0.9 798,855 50.3 6,946 1.3 17.29 Redevelopment (8) 
 12 149,124 0.4 2,780,841 5.4 Total / Weighted Average 356 94.6 42,403,735 100.0 105,106,539 40.3 546,349 100.0 13.61 

(1) Calculated as the average occupancy at such properties as of December 31, 2022, based on building square feet. 
 (2) Calculated as building square feet divided by land square feet. 
 (3) Calculated for each property as the monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of the lease(s) at such property, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12, and then aggregated by property type. Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (4) Calculated for each property type as annualized base rent for such property type divided by annualized base rent for the total consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Calculated for each property type as annualized base rent for such property type divided by occupied building square feet for such property type as of December 31, 2022, unless otherwise noted. 
 (6) Includes 901 West Alameda Avenue with 44,924 building square feet that is classified as Creative Office. 
 (7) Calculated for Industrial Outdoor Storage as annualized base rent for such property type divided by land square feet. 
 43 

(8) Represents current redevelopment properties and vacant future redevelopment properties as of December 31, 2022. These redevelopment properties will have an estimated combined 1.6 million of rentable square feet at completion. 
 Uncommenced Leases 
 Uncommenced leases as of December 31, 2022, reflect signed new and renewal leases that had not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. Differences between our occupancy rates and leased rates as disclosed throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are attributed to our uncommenced leases. The following table sets forth information relating to our uncommenced leases as of December 31, 2022. 
 Market Uncommenced Renewal Leases: 
 Leased Square Feet (1) 
 Uncommenced New Leases: 
 Leased Square Feet (2) 
 Percent Leased (3) 
 Annualized Base Rent (4) 
 Annualized Base Rent: Uncommenced Leases (5) 
 Annualized Base Rent 
 (Commenced and Uncommenced Leases) (6) 
 Annualized Base Rent 
 (Commenced and Uncommenced Leases) 
 per Leased Square Foot (7) 
 Los Angeles County 553,188 7,258 95.6 331,011 6,703 337,714 14.73 Orange County 70,094 18,470 93.1 54,929 967 55,896 14.10 Riverside / San Bernardino County 89,507 89.7 83,725 763 84,488 11.72 San Diego County 109,118 97.9 42,320 750 43,070 14.79 Ventura County 78,501 99.7 34,364 243 34,607 11.00 Total/Weighted Average 900,408 25,728 94.7 546,349 9,426 555,775 13.84 
 
 (1) Represents the square footage of renewal leases that had been signed but had not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the square footage of new leases that had been signed but had not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Calculated as square footage under commenced and uncommenced leases (net of renewal space) as of December 31, 2022, divided by total rentable square feet. 
 (4) Represents annualized base rent for leases that had commenced as of December 31, 2022, at each property (calculated as monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of the lease(s) at such property, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12), aggregated by market. Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (5) Annualized base rent from uncommenced leases includes: (i) 2.4 million of annualized base rent under uncommenced new leases (calculated by multiplying the first full month of contractual base rents (before rent abatements) to be received under uncommenced new leases, by 12) and (ii) 7.0 million of incremental annualized base rent under uncommenced renewal leases (calculated as the difference between (a) the first full month of contractual base rents (before rent abatements) to be received under uncommenced renewal leases and (b) the monthly contracted base rents under commenced leases (for the same space) as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12.). Amounts in thousands. 
 (6) Calculated by adding annualized base rent for commenced leases (as described in note (4) above) and annualized base rent from uncommenced leases (as described in note (5) above). Amounts in thousands. 
 (7) Calculated by dividing annualized base rent from commenced leases and uncommenced leases (as described in note (6) above), by leased square footage under commenced and uncommenced leases (net of renewal space) as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 44 

Geographic Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information relating to geographic diversification by county and submarket in our portfolio based on total annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. 
 Market Number of Properties Occupancy (1) 
 Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Total Rentable Square Feet Annualized Base 
 Rent (2) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (4) 
 Los Angeles County Central LA 22 95.5 3,189,684 7.5 34,517 6.3 11.33 Greater San Fernando Valley 58 95.3 6,531,871 15.4 81,011 14.8 13.01 Mid-Counties 27 95.2 2,624,612 6.2 35,064 6.4 14.04 San Gabriel Valley 34 96.0 4,229,684 10.0 47,215 8.7 11.63 South Bay 75 95.7 7,403,432 17.5 133,204 24.4 18.81 Subtotal / Weighted Average 216 95.6 23,979,283 56.6 331,011 60.6 14.45 Orange County North Orange County 18 100.0 1,631,477 3.8 21,917 4.0 13.43 OC Airport 9 97.4 1,057,017 2.5 16,972 3.1 16.49 South Orange County 5 100.0 448,762 1.1 6,507 1.2 14.50 West Orange County 8 74.8 1,119,570 2.6 9,533 1.8 11.39 Subtotal / Weighted Average 40 92.7 4,256,826 10.0 54,929 10.1 13.92 Riverside / San Bernardino County Inland Empire East 1 100.0 33,258 0.1 611 0.1 18.36 Inland Empire West 48 89.7 8,003,920 18.9 83,114 15.2 11.58 Subtotal / Weighted Average 49 89.7 8,037,178 19.0 83,725 15.3 11.61 Ventura County Ventura 19 99.7 3,156,432 7.4 34,364 6.3 10.92 Subtotal / Weighted Average 19 99.7 3,156,432 7.4 34,364 6.3 10.92 San Diego County Central San Diego 18 97.6 1,494,462 3.5 23,145 4.2 15.87 North County San Diego 14 98.2 1,479,554 3.5 19,175 3.5 13.20 Subtotal / Weighted Average 32 97.9 2,974,016 7.0 42,320 7.7 14.54 Consolidated Portfolio - Total / Weighted Average 356 94.6 42,403,735 100.0 546,349 100.0 13.61 
 
 (1) Calculated as the average occupancy at such properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents annualized base rent for each property (calculated as monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of the lease(s) at such property, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12), aggregated by market. Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (3) Calculated as annualized base rent for such market divided by annualized base rent for the total consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Calculated as annualized base rent for such market divided by occupied square feet for such market as of December 31, 2022. 
 45 

Industry Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information relating to tenant diversification by industry in our portfolio based on total annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Industry Number 
 of Leases (1) 
 Occupied Square Feet Percentage of Total Occupied Square Feet Annualized 
 Base 
 Rent (2) 
 Percentage of 
 Total Annualized 
 Base Rent (3) 
 Annualized 
 Base Rent per 
 Square 
 Foot (4) 
 Transportation and Warehousing 306 9,175,235 22.9 132,628 24.3 14.46 Wholesale Trade 392 9,784,486 24.4 118,887 21.8 12.15 Manufacturing 296 9,215,227 23.0 110,752 20.3 12.02 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services 127 2,836,493 7.1 42,902 7.8 15.13 Retail Trade 127 2,857,096 7.1 35,351 6.5 12.37 Construction 109 1,034,763 2.6 14,750 2.7 14.25 Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation 32 995,057 2.5 12,285 2.2 12.35 Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction (5) 
 4 40,727 0.1 11,806 2.2 289.88 (5) 
 Public Administration 13 507,470 1.3 10,617 1.9 20.92 Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services 58 661,696 1.6 9,267 1.7 14.00 Other Services (except Public Administration) 50 612,702 1.5 9,085 1.7 14.83 Health Care and Social Assistance 25 622,752 1.5 8,519 1.6 13.68 Real Estate and Rental and Leasing 31 523,704 1.3 8,315 1.5 15.88 Information 45 408,174 1.0 6,840 1.2 16.76 Educational Services 14 403,505 1.0 6,189 1.1 15.34 Finance and Insurance 11 267,627 0.7 5,041 0.9 18.84 Miscellaneous 37 183,553 0.4 3,115 0.6 16.97 Total / Weighted Average 1,677 40,130,267 100.0 546,349 100.0 13.61 
 
 (1) A single lease may cover space in more than one building. 
 (2) Calculated for each lease as the monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of such lease, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12, and then aggregated by industry. Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (3) Calculated as annualized base rent for tenants in such industry divided by annualized base rent for the total consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Calculated as annualized base rent for tenants in such industry divided by occupied square feet for tenants in such industry as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Includes a tenant leasing an 80.2 acre industrial outdoor oil storage site with annualized base rent of 11.2 million or 3.21 per land square foot. 

Tenants 
 Our portfolio of properties has a stable and diversified tenant base. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated properties were 94.7 leased to tenants in a variety of industries, with no single tenant accounting for more than 2.2 of our total annualized in-place base rent. Our average lease size is approximately 25,000 square feet, and approximately 37 of our total leased square feet consists of leases that are less than 50,000 square feet each. Our 10 largest tenants combined accounted for 12.6 of our annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. We intend to continue to maintain a diversified mix of tenants in order to limit our exposure to any single tenant or industry. 
 46 

The following table sets forth information about the 10 largest tenants in our portfolio based on total annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. 
 Tenant Submarket Occupied Square Feet Percentage of Total Occupied Square Feet Annualized Base Rent (1) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base 
 Rent (2) 
 Annualized Base Rent per Square 
 Foot (3) 
 Lease Expirations Federal Express Corporation Multiple Submarkets (4) 
 527,861 1.3 12,208 2.2 23.13 11/30/2032 (4) 
 Zenith Energy West Coast Terminals LLC South Bay 11,222 2.1 See Note (5) 
 9/29/2041 L3 Technologies, Inc. South Bay 461,431 1.1 8,728 1.6 18.92 9/30/2031 Best Buy Stores, L.P. Inland Empire West 501,649 1.3 7,886 1.4 15.72 6/30/2029 Michael Kors (USA), Inc. Mid-Counties 565,619 1.4 5,921 1.1 10.47 11/30/2026 United Natural Foods, Inc. Central LA 695,120 1.7 5,588 1.0 8.04 5/8/2038 County of Los Angeles Multiple Submarkets (6) 
 170,542 0.4 4,730 0.9 27.74 1/31/2027 (6) 
 Madden Corporation Multiple Submarkets (7) 
 312,570 0.8 4,626 0.8 14.80 5/31/2027 (7) 
 AL Dahra ACX, Inc. South Bay 148,186 0.4 4,146 0.8 27.98 8/31/2027 Global Mail. Inc. Mid-Counties 346,381 0.9 3,997 0.7 11.54 6/30/2030 Top 10 Tenants 3,729,359 9.3 69,052 12.6 All Other Tenants 36,400,908 90.7 477,297 87.4 Total Consolidated Portfolio 40,130,267 100.0 546,349 100.0 
 
 (1) Calculated for each tenant as the monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of such tenant s lease as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12. Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (2) Calculated as annualized base rent for such tenant divided by annualized base rent for the total consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Calculated as annualized base rent for such tenant divided by occupied square feet for such tenant as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Includes (i) two short-term land leases in LA-Mid-Counties/North Orange County which expired on January 31, 2023, (ii) one land lease in LA-Mid-Counties expiring July 31, 2025, (iii) one land lease in North Orange County expiring October 31, 2026, (iv) 30,160 rentable square feet in Ventura expiring September 30, 2027, (v) one land lease in LA-Mid-Counties expiring June 30, 2029, (vi) 42,270 rentable square feet in LA-South Bay expiring October 31, 2030, (vii) 311,995 rentable square feet in North County San Diego expiring February 28, 2031, (viii) 143,436 rentable square feet in LA-South Bay expiring November 30, 2032 . 
 (5) The tenant is leasing an 80.2 acre industrial outdoor oil storage site with annualized base rent of 11.2 million or 3.21 per land square foot. 
 (6) Includes (i) 164,500 rentable square feet in the Greater San Fernando Valley expiring October 31, 2023 and (ii) 6,042 rentable square feet in LA-South Bay expiring January 31, 2027. 
 (7) Includes (i) 29,146 rentable square feet in Inland Empire West expiring December 31, 2026 and (ii) 283,424 rentable square feet in LA-South Bay expiring May 31, 2027 . 
 
 Leases 
 Overview 
 Triple net lease. In our triple net leases, the tenant is responsible for all aspects of and costs related to the property and its operation during the lease term. The landlord may have responsibility under the lease to perform or pay for certain capital repairs or replacements to the roof, structure or certain building systems, such as heating and air conditioning and fire suppression. The tenant may have the right to terminate the lease or abate rent due to a major casualty or condemnation affecting a significant portion of the property or due to the landlord s failure to perform its obligations under the lease. As of December 31, 2022, there were 531 triple net leases in our consolidated portfolio, representing approximately 70.1 of our total annualized base rent. 
 47 

Modified gross lease. In our modified gross leases, the landlord is responsible for some property-related expenses during the lease term, but a significant amount of the expenses is passed through to the tenant for reimbursement to the landlord. Modified gross leases often include base year amounts, and expense increases over these amounts are recoverable. The tenant may have the right to terminate the lease or abate rent due to a major casualty or condemnation affecting a significant portion of the property or due to the landlord s failure to perform its obligations under the lease. As of December 31, 2022, there were 948 modified gross leases in our consolidated portfolio, representing approximately 20.2 of our total annualized base rent. 
 Gross lease. In our gross leases, the landlord is responsible for all aspects of and costs related to the property and its operation during the lease term. The tenant may have the right to terminate the lease or abate rent due to a major casualty or condemnation affecting a significant portion of the property or due to the landlord s failure to perform its obligations under the lease. As of December 31, 2022, there were 198 gross leases in our consolidated portfolio, representing approximately 9.7 of our total annualized base rent. 
 The following table provides information regarding our lease segmentation by size as of December 31, 2022: 
 Square Feet Number of Leases Occupied Building Square Feet Building/Land Square Feet Percentage of Total Occupied Building Square Feet Annualized Base Rent (1) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (2) 
 Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (3) 
 Building: 50,000 214 25,079,799 26,331,046 62.8 301,214 55.1 12.01 Building Subtotal / Weighted Average 1,618 39,922,262 (4) 
 42,193,875 (4) 
 100.0 513,046 93.9 12.85 Land/IOS (5) 
 26 7,486,469 (6) 
 31,024 5.7 4.14 Other (5) 
 33 2,279 0.4 Total 1,677 546,349 100.0 
 (1) Calculated for each lease as the monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of such lease, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12, and then aggregated by building square feet (if applicable). Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (2) Calculated as annualized base rent for such leases divided by annualized base rent for the total consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) For building leases, calculated as annualized base rent for such leases divided by occupied building square feet for such leases as of December 31, 2022. For Land/IOS leases, calculated as annualized base rent for such leases divided by land square feet for such leases as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Excludes 208,005 occupied building square feet and 209,860 building square feet that are associated with Land/IOS . 
 (5) Land/IOS includes leases for improved land sites and industrial outdoor storage (IOS) sites. Other includes amounts related to cellular tower, solar and parking lot leases. 
 (6) Reflects land square feet for Land/IOS leases. 
 48 

Lease Expirations 
 As of December 31, 2022, our weighted average in-place remaining lease term was approximately 4.0 years. The following table sets forth a summary schedule of lease expirations for leases in place as of December 31, 2022, plus available space, for each of the 10 full calendar years commencing December 31, 2022 and thereafter in our portfolio. The information set forth in the table assumes that tenants exercise no renewal options and no early termination rights. 
 Year of Lease Expiration Number of Leases Expiring Total Rentable Square 
 Feet (1) 
 Percentage of Total Owned Square Feet Annualized Base 
 Rent (2) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (4) 
 Vacant (5) 
 867,406 2.1 Repositioning (6) 
 1,406,061 3.3 MTM Tenants 12 60,444 0.1 1,026 0.2 16.98 2022 26 665,533 1.6 8,026 1.5 12.06 2023 398 5,834,280 13.7 81,278 14.9 13.93 2024 420 6,898,600 16.3 81,917 15.0 11.87 2025 352 5,830,107 13.7 75,598 13.8 12.97 2026 201 6,478,837 15.3 77,562 14.2 11.97 2027 128 4,774,192 11.3 73,317 13.4 15.36 2028 41 1,522,731 3.6 19,448 3.6 12.77 2029 22 1,982,238 4.7 29,989 5.5 15.13 2030 18 1,541,018 3.6 19,092 3.5 12.39 2031 18 1,906,263 4.5 31,404 5.7 16.47 Thereafter 41 2,636,025 6.2 47,692 8.7 18.09 Total Consolidated Portfolio 1,677 42,403,735 100.0 546,349 100.0 13.61 
 
 (1) Represents the contracted square footage upon expiration. 
 (2) Calculated as monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of such lease, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12, and then aggregated by year of lease expiration. Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (3) Calculated as annualized base rent set forth in this table divided by annualized base rent for the total portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Calculated as annualized base rent for such leases divided by occupied square feet for such leases as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Represents vacant space (not under repositioning) as of December 31, 2022. Includes leases aggregating 25,728 rentable square feet that had been signed but had not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. Adjusting for such leases, we had 841,678 of available vacant space representing 2.0 of our total owned square feet as of December 31, 2022. 
 (6) Represents vacant space at properties that were classified as repositioning (including other repositioning projects or redevelopment as of December 31, 2022. See Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations Acquisitions and Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment of Properties, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details related to these properties. 
 
 49 

Historical Tenant Improvements and Leasing Commissions 
 The following table sets forth certain historical information regarding leasing related (revenue generating) tenant improvement and leasing commission costs for tenants at the properties in our portfolio as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost (1) 
 Square Feet PSF (2) 
 Cost (1) 
 Square Feet PSF (2) 
 Cost (1) 
 Square Feet PSF (2) 
 Tenant Improvements New Leases First Generation (3)(4) 
 1,528 834,106 1.83 2,103 1,039,707 2.02 889 851,851 1.04 New Leases Second Generation (3)(5) 
 494 491,933 1.00 328 150,214 2.18 686 284,387 2.41 Renewal Leases 855 933,596 0.92 289 431,997 0.67 118 450,871 0.26 Total Tenant Improvements 2,877 2,259,635 1.27 2,720 1,621,918 1.68 1,693 1,587,109 1.07 Leasing Commissions New Leases First Generation (3)(4) 
 7,357 876,485 8.39 5,502 1,758,720 3.13 3,562 1,223,553 2.91 New Leases Second Generation (3)(5) 
 9,190 1,359,424 6.76 7,508 2,044,593 3.67 3,838 1,682,072 2.28 Renewal Leases 5,025 1,852,256 2.71 4,321 3,127,986 1.38 3,069 2,500,831 1.23 Total Leasing Commissions 21,572 4,088,165 5.28 17,331 6,931,299 2.50 10,469 5,406,456 1.94 Total Tenant Improvements Leasing Commissions 24,449 20,051 12,162 
 
 (1) Cost is reported in thousands. Costs of tenant improvements include contractual tenant allowances. 
 (2) Per square foot PSF amounts calculated by dividing the aggregate tenant improvement and/or leasing commission cost by the aggregate square footage of the leases in which we incurred such costs, excluding new/renewal leases in which there were no tenant improvements and/or leasing commissions. 
 (3) New leases represent all leases other than renewal leases. 
 (4) Tenant improvements and leasing commissions related to our initial leasing of vacant space in acquired properties or leasing of a space that has been vacant for more than 12 months, are considered first generation costs. 
 (5) Tenant improvements and leasing commissions related to leasing of a space that has been previously occupied by a tenant during the prior 12 months, are considered second generation costs. 

Historical Capital Expenditures 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding historical maintenance (non-revenue generating) capital expenditures at the properties in our portfolio as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost (1) 
 Square 
 Feet (2) 
 PSF (3) 
 Cost (1) 
 Square 
 Feet (2) 
 PSF (3) 
 Cost (1) 
 Square 
 Feet (2) 
 PSF (3) 
 Non-Recurring Capital Expenditures (4) 
 111,112 26,002,606 4.27 80,545 22,951,051 3.51 66,588 20,463,668 3.25 Recurring Capital Expenditures (5) 
 8,675 39,561,722 0.22 10,466 33,239,851 0.31 6,949 27,929,513 0.25 Total Capital Expenditures 119,787 91,011 73,537 
 
 (1) Cost is reported in thousands. 
 (2) For non-recurring capital expenditures, reflects the aggregate square footage of the properties in which we incurred such capital expenditures. For recurring capital expenditures, reflects the weighted average square footage of our consolidated portfolio for the period. 
 (3) PSF amounts calculated by dividing the aggregate capital expenditure costs by the square footage as defined in (1) and (2) above. 
 50 

(4) Non-recurring capital expenditures are expenditures made in respect of a property for repositioning, redevelopment, or other major upgrade or renovation of such property, and further includes capital expenditures for seismic upgrades, roof or parking lot replacements or capital expenditures for deferred maintenance existing at the time such property was acquired. 
 (5) Recurring capital expenditures are expenditures made in respect of a property for maintenance of such property and replacement of items due to ordinary wear and tear including, but not limited to, expenditures made for maintenance of parking lot, roofing materials, mechanical systems, HVAC systems and other structural systems. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 51 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol REXR . As of February 8, 2023, there we re 251 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares of our Company are held in street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing numbers. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or approximate dollar value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 226 51.80 N/A N/A November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 82 55.80 N/A N/A December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 38 54.12 N/A N/A 346 53.00 N/A N/A 
 (1) Reflects shares of common stock that were tendered by certain of our employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted shares of common stock. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Our equity compensation plan information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 52 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor s 500 Index and a selection of appropriate peer group indexes (assuming the investment of 100 in our common stock and in each of the indexes on December 31, 2017, and that all dividends were reinvested into additional shares of common stock at the frequency with which dividends are paid on the common stock during the applicable fiscal year). The total return performance shown in this graph is not necessarily indicative of, and is not intended to suggest, future total return performance. 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 100.00 103.24 162.92 178.70 299.91 206.42 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 Dow Jones Equity All REIT Index 100.00 95.90 123.46 117.54 165.97 124.47 Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Industrial Index 100.00 96.36 137.49 157.52 241.82 163.89 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors, Forward-Looking Statements, Business and our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 53 

Company Overview 
 
 Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed full-service REIT focused on owning and operating industrial properties in Southern California infill markets. We were formed as a Maryland corporation on January 18, 2013 and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), of which we are the sole general partner, was formed as a Maryland limited partnership on January 18, 2013. Through our controlling interest in our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, we acquire, own, improve, redevelop, lease and manage industrial real estate principally located in Southern California infill markets, and from time to time, acquire or provide mortgage debt secured by industrial property. We are organized and conduct our operations to qualify as a REIT under the Code, and generally are not subject to federal taxes on our income to the extent we distribute our income to our shareholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio consisted of 356 properties with approximately 42.4 million rentable square feet. 
 Our goal is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders by providing superior access to industrial property investments and mortgage debt investments secured by industrial property in high barrier Southern California infill markets. Our target markets provide us with opportunities to acquire both stabilized properties generating favorable cash flow, as well as properties or land parcels where we can enhance returns over time through value-add repositioning and redevelopments. Scarcity of available space and high barriers limiting new construction of for-lease product all contribute to create superior long-term supply/demand fundamentals within our target infill Southern California industrial property markets. With our vertically integrated operating platform and extensive value-add investment and management capabilities, we believe we are positioned to capitalize upon the opportunities in our markets to achieve our objectives. 
 
 Highlights 
 Full Year Financial and Operational Highlights 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders increased by 40.9 to 157.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Core funds from operations (Core FFO) (1) attributable to common stockholders increased by 45.3 to 334.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Net operating income (NOI) (1) increased by 39.6 to 480.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Total portfolio occupancy at year-end was 94.6 . 
 Same Property Portfolio (2) average occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 98.7 and ending occupancy at year-end was 98.1 . 
 Executed a total 442 new and renewal leases with a combined 5.1 million rentable square feet, with leasing spreads of 80.9 on a GAAP basis and 58.8 on a cash basis. 
 Received credit rating upgrades to BBB+ from S P and Fitch and Baa2 from Moody s. 
 Acquisitions 
 During 2022, we completed 52 acquisitions representing 61 properties with a combined 5.9 million rentable square feet of buildings on 319.6 acres of land, including 31.5 acres of land for near term redevelopment, for an aggregate purchase price of 2.4 billion. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we completed the acquisition of two properties with a combined 1.2 million rentable square feet buildings on 52.3 acres of land, for a purchase price of 405.0 million. 
 Dispositions 
 During 2022, we sold one property with 79,247 rentable square feet, for a gross sales price of 16.5 million and recognized 8.5 million in gains on sale of real estate. 
 ____________________ 
 (1) For a reconciliation to net income and a discussion of why we believe Core FFO and NOI are useful supplemental measures of operating performance, see Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures: Funds From Operations and Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures: NOI and Cash NOI included under Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) For a definition of Same Property Portfolio, see Results of Operations included under Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 54 

Repositioning Redevelopment 
 During 2022, we stabilized seven of our repositioning/redevelopment properties located at 29025-29055 Avenue Paine, 900 East Ball Road, 11600 Los Nietos Road, 3441 MacArthur Boulevard, 415-435 Motor Avenue, 15650-15700 Avalon Boulevard and 19475 Gramercy Place, which have a combined 644,512 rentable square feet. 
 During 2022, we pre-leased our repositioning properties located at 12133 Greenstone Avenue and 19431 Santa Fe Avenue. The leases are expected to commence in 2023 subject to completion of repositioning work. 
 Equity 
 During 2022, we issued 28,343,395 shares of common stock for total net proceeds of 1.8 billion through a range of equity transactions, as follows: 
 We entered into forward equity sales agreements under our ATM programs with respect to 23,519,219 shares of our common stock at a weighted average initial forward sale price of 64.29 per share. We partially settled these forward equity sales agreements and the outstanding forward sale agreement from 2021 by issuing 24,788,691 shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of 1.6 billion. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into forward equity sale agreements in connection with an underwritten public offering of 11,846,425 shares of our common stock, including 346,425 shares related to the partial exercise of underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price of 56.00 per share for an offering value of 663.4 million. In December 2022, we partially settled the forward equity sale agreements by issuing 3,554,704 shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of 198.7 million. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, in January 2023, we partially settled the outstanding forward equity sale agreements related to the public offering by issuing 7,617,013 shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of 425.0 million. 
 As of the date of this filing we had 1,311,592 shares of common stock, or approximately 72.9 million of net forward proceeds remaining for settlement prior to May 2024, based on a weighted average forward sale price of 55.55 per share. 
 Financing 
 In May 2022, we amended our senior unsecured credit agreement to, among other changes, increase the borrowing capacity of our unsecured revolving credit facility to 1.0 billion from 700.0 million and to add a 300.0 million unsecured term loan. The proceeds from the 300.0 million unsecured term loan were used to repay our 150.0 million unsecured term loan facility due in 2025, terminate the associated swap, partially repay outstanding borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 In July 2022, we amended our senior unsecured credit agreement to add a 400.0 million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of July 19, 2024 (with two extension options of one year each). Proceeds were used to fund acquisitions, reduce outstanding borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 In July 2022, we executed five interest rate swap transactions with an aggregate notional value of 300.0 million to manage our exposure to changes in 1-month term SOFR (Term SOFR) related to a portion of our variable-rate debt. These swaps, which are effective July 27, 2022, and mature on May 26, 2027, currently fix Term SOFR at a weighted average rate of 2.81725 . 
 In October 2022, we refinanced our amortizing 60.0 million term loan expiring in August 2023. The new 60.0 million term loan facility bears interest at Term SOFR, increased by a 0.10 SOFR adjustment, plus an applicable margin of 1.25 per annum, and matures on October 27, 2024, with three one-year extension options available. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on February 6, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.380 per share, an increase of 20.6 from the prior quarterly rate of 0.315 per share. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we certified that the sustainability performance target associated with our senior unsecured credit agreement was met for 2022, resulting in the reduction of the applicable margin and applicable credit facility by 0.04 and 0.01 , respectively. 
 55 

Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations 
 
 Market and Portfolio Fundamentals 
 Our operating results depend upon the infill Southern California industrial real estate market. 
 The infill Southern California industrial real estate sector has continued to exhibit strong fundamentals. These high-barrier infill markets are characterized by a relative scarcity of available product, generally operating at or above approximately 98 occupancy, coupled with the limited ability to introduce new supply due to high land and redevelopment costs and a dearth of developable land in markets experiencing a net reduction in supply as over time more industrial property is converted to non-industrial uses than can be delivered. Consequently, available industrial supply has continued to decrease in many of our target infill submarkets and construction deliveries have fallen short of demand. Meanwhile, underlying tenant demand within our infill target markets continues to demonstrate growth, illustrated or driven by strong re-leasing spreads and renewal activity, an expanding regional economy, substantial growth in ecommerce transaction and delivery volumes, as well as further compression of delivery time-frames to consumers and to businesses, increasing the significance of last-mile facilities for timely fulfillment. That said, economic uncertainties as a result of rising inflation and increasing interest rates could impact future demand, rental rates and vacancy within our infill Southern California market. 
 Tenant demand remains strong within our portfolio, which is strategically located within prime infill Southern California industrial markets. The quality and intensity of tenant demand in 2022 is demonstrated through the Company s strong leasing spreads and volume, achieving rental rates and related terms from new and renewing tenants that have generally exceeded those from historical years (see Leasing Activity and Rental Rates below). This tenant demand has been driven by a wide range of sectors, from consumer products, healthcare and medical products to aerospace, food, construction, and logistics, as well as by an emerging electric vehicle industry, among other sectors. In recent years, we have observed a notable increase in ecommerce-oriented tenants securing space within our portfolio, in part driven by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has accelerated the growth in the range and volume of goods and customers transacting through ecommerce. In addition, ecommerce-related delivery demand associated with last-mile distribution is driving discernible shifts in inventory-handling strategies among retailers and distributors, which we believe is driving incremental demand for our infill property locations. Our portfolio, which we believe represents prime locations with superior functionality within the largest last-mile logistics distribution market in the nation, is well-positioned to continue to serve our existing diverse tenant based and attract incremental ecommerce-oriented and traditional distribution demand. 
 We believe our portfolio s leasing performance in 2022 has generally outpaced that of the infill markets within which we operate, although, as discussed in more detail below, our target infill markets continue to operate at or near historically high levels of occupancy. We believe this performance has been driven by our highly entrepreneurial business model focused on acquiring and improving industrial property in superior locations so that our portfolio reflects a higher level of quality and functionality, on average, as compared to typical available product within the markets within which we operate. We also believe the quality and entrepreneurial approach demonstrated by our team of real estate professionals actively managing our properties and our tenants enables the potential to outcompete within our markets that we believe are generally otherwise owned by more passive, less-focused real estate owners. 
 General Market Condition s 
 The following are general market conditions and do not necessarily reflect the results of our portfolio. For our portfolio specific results see Rental Revenues and Results of Operations below. 
 In Los Angeles County, market fundamentals were strong during 2022. Average asking lease rates increased year-over-year, reaching an all-time high due to high levels of demand and near-record low vacancy levels, with several submarkets retaining sub 1 vacancy rates throughout the year. Current market conditions indicate rents are likely to increase, but a more modest pace, through 2023, as demand has been steady, occupancy still remains at near capacity levels and new development is limited by a lack of land availability and an increase in land and development costs. 
 In Orange County, market fundamentals were very strong during 2022. Average asking lease rates increased year-over-year reaching a record high and vacancy decreased year-over-year to a new historic low at sub 1 vacancy. While lease rate growth has slowed over recent quarters, current market conditions indicate rents are likely to increase through 2023 due to continued demand and the continued low availability of industrial product in this region. 
 In San Diego, vacancy increased year-over-year while still remaining at historically low levels and average asking lease rates increased year-over-year. 
 In Ventura County, vacancy increased slightly year-over-year and average asking lease rates increased year-over-year. 
 Lastly, in the Inland Empire West, which contains infill markets in which we operate, vacancy increased year-over-year rising above 1 for the first time since mid-2021, and average taking lease rates increased significantly year-over-year. Current 
 56 

market conditions indicate rents are likely to continue to increase through 2023, though at a moderated pace when compared to 2022 growth. We generally do not focus on properties located within the non-infill Inland Empire East sub-market where available land and the development and construction pipeline for new supply is substantial. 
 
 Acquisitions and Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment of Properties 
 The Company s growth strategy comprises acquiring leased, stabilized properties as well as properties with value-add opportunities to improve functionality and to deploy our value-driven asset management programs in order to increase cash flow and value. Additionally, from time to time, we may acquire industrial outdoor storage sites, land parcels or properties with excess land for ground-up redevelopment projects. Acquisitions may comprise single property investments as well as the purchase of portfolios of properties, with transaction values ranging from approximately 10 million single property investments to portfolios potentially valued in the billions of dollars. The Company s geographic focus remains infill Southern California. However, from time-to-time, portfolios could be acquired comprising a critical mass of infill Southern California industrial property that could include some assets located in markets outside of infill Southern California. In general, to the extent non-infill-Southern California assets were to be acquired as part of a larger portfolio, the Company may underwrite such investments with the potential to dispose such assets over a certain period of time in order to maximize its core focus on infill Southern California, while endeavoring to take appropriate steps to satisfy REIT safe harbor requirements to avoid prohibited transactions under REIT tax laws. 
 A key component of our growth strategy is to acquire properties through off-market and lightly marketed transactions that are often operating at below-market occupancy or below-market rent at the time of acquisition or that have near-term lease roll-over or that provide opportunities to add value through functional or physical repositioning and improvements. Through various repositioning, redevelopment, and professional leasing and marketing strategies, we seek to increase the properties functionality and attractiveness to prospective tenants and, over time, to stabilize the properties at occupancy rates that meet or exceed market rates. 
 A repositioning can provide a range of property improvements. This may include a complete structural renovation of a property whereby we convert large underutilized spaces into a series of smaller and more functional spaces, or it may include the creation of additional square footage, the modernization of the property site, the elimination of functional obsolescence, the addition or enhancement of loading areas and truck access, the enhancement of fire-life-safety systems or other accretive improvements, in each case designed to improve the cash flow and value of the property. 
 We have a number of significant repositioning properties, which are individually presented in the tables below. A repositioning property that is considered significant is typically defined as a property where a significant amount of space is held vacant in order to implement capital improvements, the cost to complete repositioning work and lease-up is estimated to be greater than 1 million and the repositioning and lease-up time frame is estimated to be greater than six months. We also have a range of other spaces in repositioning, that due to their smaller size, relative scope, projected repositioning costs or relatively nominal amount of down-time, are not presented below, however, in the aggregate, may be substantial (and which we refer to as other repositioning projects ). 
 A repositioning is generally considered complete once the investment is fully or nearly fully deployed and the property is available for occupancy. Because each repositioning effort is unique and determined based on the property, targeted tenants and overall trends in the general market and specific submarket, the timing and effect of the repositioning on our rental revenue and occupancy levels will vary, and, as a result, will affect the comparison of our results of operations from period to period with limited predictability. 
 A redevelopment property is defined as a property where we plan to fully or partially demolish an existing building(s) due to building obsolescence and/or a property with excess or vacant land where we plan to construct a ground-up building. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 16 of our properties were under current repositioning or redevelopment and one of our properties were in the lease-up stage. In addition, we have a pipeline of 12 additional properties for which we anticipate beginning repositioning/redevelopment construction work between the first quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. The tables below set forth a summary of these properties, as well as the properties that were most recently stabilized in 2022 and 2021, as the timing of these stabilizations have a direct impact on our current and comparative results of operations. We consider a repositioning/redevelopment property to be stabilized upon the earlier of (i) reaching 90 occupancy or (ii) one year from the date construction work is completed. 
 
 57 

Estimated Construction Period (1) 
 Property (Submarket) Market Total Property Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Repositioning/ Lease-up Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Start Completion Total Property Leased at 12/31/22 Current Repositioning: 12821 Knott Street (West OC) (3) 
 OC 165,171 165,171 1Q-2019 1Q-2023 12133 Greenstone Avenue (Mid-Counties) (4) 
 LA LAND LAND 1Q-2021 1Q-2023 100 8210-8240 Haskell Avenue (SF Valley) LA 52,934 52,934 1Q-2022 1Q-2023 19431 Santa Fe Avenue (South Bay) LA LAND LAND 1Q-2022 2Q-2023 100 (5) 
 Total Current Repositioning 218,105 218,105 Lease-Up - Repositioning 14100 Vine Place (Mid-Counties) LA 122,514 122,514 2Q-2022 4Q-2022 Future Repositioning: 20851 Currier Road (SG Valley) LA 59,412 59,412 1Q-2023 2Q-2023 2800 Casitas Avenue (SF Valley) LA 117,234 117,234 1Q-2023 3Q-2023 100 500 Dupont Avenue (IE - West) SB 276,000 276,000 1Q-2023 1Q-2024 11308-11350 Penrose Street (SF Valley) LA 151,604 71,824 1Q-2023 2Q-2024 100 29120 Commerce Center Drive (SF Valley) LA 135,258 135,258 3Q-2023 1Q-2024 100 1010 Belmont Street (IE - West) SB 61,824 61,824 3Q-2023 3Q-2024 100 Total Future Repositioning 801,332 721,552 
 58 

Estimated Construction Period (1) 
 Property (Submarket) Market Estimated Redevelopment Rentable Square Feet (6) 
 Start Completion Total Property Leased at 12/31/22 Current Redevelopment: 15601 Avalon Boulevard (South Bay) 
 LA 86,830 3Q-2021 1Q-2023 1055 Sandhill Avenue (South Bay) LA 127,857 3Q-2021 1Q-2024 9615 Norwalk Boulevard (Mid-Counties) LA 201,571 3Q-2021 2Q-2024 9920-10020 Pioneer Boulevard (Mid-Counties) LA 162,231 4Q-2021 1Q-2024 12752-12822 Monarch Street (West OC) (7) 
 OC 161,711 1Q-2022 2Q-2023 See note (7) 1901 Via Burton (North OC) OC 139,449 1Q-2022 1Q-2024 3233 Mission Oaks Boulevard (Ventura) (8) 
 VC 117,358 2Q-2022 2Q-2024 6027 Eastern Avenue (Central LA) LA 93,498 3Q-2022 1Q-2024 8888-8892 Balboa Avenue (Central SD) SD 123,488 3Q-2022 1Q-2024 12118 Bloomfield Avenue (Mid-Counties) LA 109,570 4Q-2022 1Q-2024 2390-2444 American Way (North OC) OC 100,483 4Q-2022 1Q-2024 4416 Azusa Canyon Road (San Gabriel Valley) LA 130,063 4Q-2022 2Q-2024 Total Current Redevelopment 1,554,109 Future Redevelopment: 3071 Coronado Street (North OC) OC 105,173 1Q-2023 1Q-2024 100 15010 Don Julian Road (San Gabriel Valley) LA 219,242 1Q-2023 2Q-2024 12772 San Fernando Road (San Fernando Valley) LA 143,421 3Q-2023 3Q-2024 52 17907-18001 Figueroa Street (South Bay) LA 75,392 4Q-2023 4Q-2024 100 21515 Western Avenue (South Bay) LA 84,100 4Q-2023 4Q-2024 13711 Freeway Drive (Mid-Counties) LA 104,500 1Q-2024 2Q-2025 100 Total Future Redevelopment 731,828 
 
 Stabilized: (9) 
 Market Stabilized Rentable Square Feet Stabilized Period Total Property Leased at 12/31/22 29025-29055 Avenue Paine (San Fernando Valley) LA 111,260 1Q-2022 100 900 East Ball Road (North OC) OC 62,607 2Q-2022 100 11600 Los Nietos Road (Mid-Counties) LA 106,251 3Q-2022 100 3441 MacArthur Blvd. (OC Airport) OC 124,102 3Q-2022 100 415-435 Motor Avenue (SG Valley) LA 94,321 4Q-2022 100 15650-15700 Avalon Blvd. (South Bay) LA 98,259 4Q-2022 100 19475 Gramercy Place (South Bay) LA 47,712 4Q-2022 100 Total 2022 Stabilized 644,512 The Merge (Inland Empire West) SB 333,544 2Q-2021 100 16221 Arthur Street (Mid-Counties) LA 61,372 2Q-2021 100 Rancho Pacifica Buildings 1 6 (South Bay) (10) 
 LA 488,114 3Q-2021 100 8745-8775 Production Avenue (Central SD) SD 26,200 3Q-2021 100 19007 Reyes Avenue (South Bay) (11) 
 LA 3Q-2021 100 851 Lawrence Drive (Ventura) VC 90,773 3Q-2021 100 Total 2021 Stabilized 1,000,003 
 59 

(1) The estimated construction start period is the period we anticipate starting physical construction on a project. Prior to physical construction, we engage in pre-construction activities, which include design work, securing permits or entitlements, site work, and other necessary activities preceding construction. The estimated completion period is our current estimate of the period in which we will have substantially completed a project and the project is made available for occupancy. We expect to update our timing estimates on a quarterly basis. The estimated construction period is subject to change as a result of a number of factors including but not limited to permit requirements, delays in construction (including delays related to supply chain backlogs), changes in scope, and other unforeseen circumstances. 
 (2) Total Property Rentable Square Feet is the total rentable square footage of the entire property or particular building(s) (footnoted if applicable) under repositioning/lease-up. Repositioning/Lease-up Rentable Square Feet is the actual rentable square footage that is subject to repositioning at the property/building, and may be less than Total Property Rentable Square Feet. 
 (3) At 12821 Knott Street, we are repositioning the existing 120,800 rentable square foot building and constructing approximately 45,000 rentable square feet of new warehouse space. 
 (4) At 12133 Greenstone Avenue, a 4.8 acre industrial site, we demolished the existing 12,586 rentable square foot truck terminal building to provide greater functionality as a single tenant container storage facility. As of December 31, 2022, the property has been pre-leased with the lease expected to commence in the second quarter of 2023, subject to completion of repositioning work. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2022, 19431 Santa Fe Avenue has been leased and the tenant is occupying a portion of the property. The tenant is expected to take full occupancy in the second quarter of 2023, subject to completion of repositioning work. 
 (6) Represents the estimated rentable square footage of the project upon completion of redevelopment. 
 (7) As of December 31, 2022, 12752-12822 Monarch Street comprises 271,268 rentable square feet. The project includes 111,325 rentable square feet with tenants in-place that are not being redeveloped. We are repositioning 63,815 rentable square feet, and have demolished 99,925 rentable square feet and are constructing a new 97,896 rentable square feet building in its place. At completion, the total project will contain 273,036 rentable square feet. 
 (8) As of December 31, 2022, 3233 Mission Oaks Boulevard comprises 409,217 rentable square feet that are currently occupied and not being redeveloped. We plan to construct one new building comprising 117,358 rentable square feet. We are also performing site work across the entire project. At completion, the total project will contain 526,575 rentable square feet. 
 (9) We consider a repositioning property to be stabilized upon the earlier of (i) reaching 90 occupancy or (ii) one year from the date construction work is completed. 
 (10) Rancho Pacifica Buildings 1 6 are located at 2301-2329 Pacifica Place and 2332-2366 Pacifica Place, and represent two buildings totaling 488,114 rentable square feet, out of six buildings at our Rancho Pacifica Park property, which have a total 1,152,883 rentable square feet. Property leased percentage reflects the two buildings. 
 (11) At 19007 Reyes Avenue, a 4.5 acre industrial site, we removed the dysfunctional improvements and converted the site into a single tenant industrial outdoor storage facility for container storage. 
 Capitalized Costs 
 Properties that are nonoperational as a result of repositioning or redevelopment activity may qualify for varying levels of interest, insurance and real estate tax capitalization during the redevelopment and construction period. An increase in our repositioning and redevelopment activities resulting from value-add acquisitions could cause an increase in the asset balances qualifying for interest, insurance and tax capitalization in future periods. We capitalized million of interest expense and million of insurance and real estate tax expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to our repositioning and redevelopment projects. 
 Construction Costs and Timing 
 Recent inflationary and supply chain pressures have led to increased construction materials and labor costs, which when combined with longer lead times for governmental approvals and entitlements, have led to an overall increase in budgeted and actual construction costs as well as delays in starting and completing certain of our redevelopment projects. While low vacancy in our markets and continued rent growth (see Leasing Activity and Rental Rates below) has helped to mitigate some of the impact of rising construction costs and project delays, additional increases in costs and further delays could result in a lower expected yield on our redevelopment projects, which could negatively impact our future earnings. 
 60 

Rental Revenues 
 Our operating results depend primarily upon generating rental revenue from the properties in our portfolio. The amount of rental revenue generated by these properties is affected by our ability to maintain or increase occupancy levels and rental rates at our properties, which will depend upon our ability to lease vacant space and re-lease expiring space at favorable rates. 
 Occupancy Rates 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio, inclusive of space in repositioning as described in the subsequent paragraph, was approximately 94.6 occupied, while our stabilized consolidated portfolio exclusive of such space was approximately 97.9 occupied. We believe the opportunity to increase occupancy at our properties will be an important driver of future revenue growth. An opportunity to drive this growth will derive from the completion and lease-up of repositioning and redevelopment projects that are currently under construction. 
 As summarized in the tables under Acquisitions and Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment of Properties above, as of December 31, 2022, 16 of our properties with a combined 1.8 million of estimated rentable square feet at completion are under current repositioning or redevelopment, one property is in lease-up, and we have a near-term pipeline of 12 repositioning and redevelopment projects with a combined 1.5 million of estimated rentable square feet at completion. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we had 0.4 million rentable square feet of other repositioning projects. Vacant space at these properties is concentrated in our Los Angeles, Orange County and San Bernardino markets and represents 3.3 of our total consolidated portfolio square footage as of December 31, 2022. Including vacant space at these properties, our weighted average occupancy rate as of December 31, 2022, in our Los Angeles, Orange County and San Bernardino markets was 95.6 , 92.7 and 89.7 , respectively. Excluding vacant space at these properties, our weighted average occupancy rate as of December 31, 2022, in these markets was 98.5 , 99.3 and 94.3 , respectively. We believe that an important portion of our long-term future growth will come from the completion of these projects currently under or scheduled for repositioning/redevelopment, as well as through the identification or acquisition of new opportunities for repositioning and redevelopment, whether in our existing portfolio or through new investments, which may vary from period to period subject to market conditions. 
 The occupancy rate of properties not undergoing repositioning is affected by regional and local economic conditions in our Southern California infill markets. In the last several years, the Los Angeles, Orange County, San Bernardino and San Diego markets have continued to show historically low vacancy and positive absorption, resulting from high tenant demand combined with low product availability. Accordingly, our properties in these markets have generally exhibited a similar trend. We believe that general market conditions will remain positive in 2023, and the opportunity to increase occupancy and rental rates at our properties will be an important driver of future revenue growth; however, there can be no assurance that recent positive market trends will continue. 
 Leasing Activity and Rental Rates 
 The following tables set forth our leasing activity for new and renewal leases on a quarterly basis for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 New Leases Quarter Number of Leases Rentable Square Feet Weighted Average Lease Term (in years) Effective Rent Per Square Foot (1) 
 GAAP Leasing 
 Spreads (2)(4) 
 Cash Leasing 
 Spreads (3)(4) 
 Q1-2022 35 314,567 4.4 23.19 66.3 49.1 Q2-2022 36 649,099 5.8 22.98 107.6 76.6 Q3-2022 53 702,882 4.6 25.29 70.5 53.6 Q4-2022 40 411,428 8.5 24.61 109.2 64.9 Total/Weighted Average 164 2,077,976 5.7 24.12 88.9 61.6 
 61 

Renewal Leases Expiring Leases Retention (7) 
 Quarter Number of Leases Rentable Square Feet Weighted Average Lease Term (in years) Effective Rent Per Square Foot (1) 
 GAAP Leasing 
 Spreads (2)(5) 
 Cash Leasing Spreads (3)(5) 
 Number of Leases Rentable Square Feet (6) 
 Rentable Square Feet Q1-2022 54 552,828 3.4 21.13 72.8 59.9 94 1,153,547 83.9 Q2-2022 70 745,840 3.9 19.48 73.0 55.3 130 1,625,064 66.0 Q3-2022 77 994,945 4.6 21.50 95.3 66.3 125 1,736,079 72.3 Q4-2022 77 736,124 4.0 19.71 65.0 47.8 136 1,457,914 69.6 Total/Weighted Average 278 3,029,737 4.1 20.50 77.9 57.7 485 5,972,604 71.8 
 
 (1) Effective rent per square foot is the average base rent calculated in accordance with GAAP, over the term of the lease, expressed in dollars per square foot per year. Includes all new and renewal leases that were executed during each respective quarter. 
 (2) Calculated as the change between GAAP rents, which straightlines rental rate increases and abatements, for new or renewal leases and the expiring GAAP rents on the expiring leases for the same space. 
 (3) Calculated as the change between starting cash rents, excluding any abatements, for new or renewal leases and the expiring cash rents on the expiring leases for the same space. 
 (4) The GAAP and cash re-leasing spreads for new leases executed during the year ended December 31, 2022, exclude 33 leases aggregating 908,524 rentable square feet for which there was no comparable lease data. Of these 33 excluded leases, eight leases aggregating 500,643 rentable square feet were recently repositioned/redeveloped space. Comparable leases generally exclude: (i) space that has never been occupied under our ownership, (ii) recently repositioned/redeveloped space, (iii) space that has been vacant for over one year or (iv) space with lease terms shorter than six months. 
 (5) The GAAP and cash re-leasing rent spreads for renewal leases executed during the year ended December 31, 2022, exclude eight renewal leases with 30,693 rentable square feet that either had lease terms shorter than six months or were antenna/parking lot leases. 
 (6) Includes leases totaling 1,257,196 rentable square feet that expired during the year ended December 31, 2022, for which the space has been or will be placed into repositioning (including other repositioning project or redevelopment. 
 (7) Retention is calculated as renewal lease square footage plus relocation/expansion square footage, divided by the square footage of leases expiring during the period. Retention excludes square footage related to the following: (i) expiring leases associated with space that is placed into repositioning (including other repositioning project after the tenant vacates, (ii) early terminations with pre-negotiated replacement leases and (iii) move outs where space is directly leased by subtenants. Retention for the first quarter of 2022 has been adjusted to conform to the current definition. 
 Our leasing activity is impacted both by our repositioning and redevelopment efforts, as well as by market conditions. While we reposition a property, its space may become unavailable for leasing until completion of our repositioning efforts. As of December 31, 2022, we have 16 current repositioning/redevelopment projects with estimated construction completion periods ranging from the first quarter of 2023 through the second quarter of 2025, and an additional 12 repositioning and redevelopment projects in our pipeline with estimated completion dates through the second quarter of 2025. We expect these properties to have positive impacts on our leasing activity and revenue generation as we complete our value-add plans and place these properties in service. 
 
 Scheduled Lease Expirations 
 Our ability to re-lease space subject to expiring leases is affected by economic and competitive conditions in our markets and by the relative desirability of our individual properties, which may impact our results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 0.9 million rentable square feet of our portfolio was available for lease, 1.4 million rentable square feet of vacant space was under repositioning/redevelopment and leases representing 0.7 million rentable square feet of our portfolio expired on December 31, 2022. Additionally, leases representing 13.7 and 16.3 of the aggregate rentable square footage of our portfolio are scheduled to expire during the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we renewed 278 leases for 3.0 million rentable square feet, resulting in a 71.8 retention rate. 
 62 

Our retention rate during the period was impacted by the combination of low vacancy and high demand in many of our key markets. New and renewal leases signed during the current year had a weighted average term of 5.7 and 4.1 years, respectively, and we expect future new and renewal leases to have similar terms. 
 The leases scheduled to expire during the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, represent 14.9 and 15.0 , respectively, of the total annualized base rent for our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. We estimate that, on a weighted average basis, in-place rents of leases scheduled to expire in 2023 and 2024 are currently below current market asking rates, although individual units or properties within any particular submarket may currently be leased either above, below, or at the current market asking rates within that submarket. 
 As described under Market and Portfolio Fundamentals above, while market indicators, including changes in vacancy rates and average asking lease rates, varied by market, overall there was continued low market vacancy and pervasive supply and demand imbalance across our submarkets, which continues to support strong market fundamentals including positive rental growth. Therefore, we expect market dynamics to remain strong heading into 2023 and that these positive trends will provide a favorable environment for additional increases in lease renewal rates. Accordingly, we expect 2023 will show positive renewal rates and leasing spreads. 
 
 Conditions in Our Markets 
 The properties in our portfolio are located primarily in Southern California infill markets. Positive or negative changes in economic or other conditions, including the impact of the ongoing and persisting local government emergency declarations related to the COVID-19 pandemic, high persistent inflation and adverse weather conditions and natural disasters in this market may affect our overall performance. 
 Property Expenses 
 Our property expenses generally consist of utilities, real estate taxes, insurance, site repair and maintenance costs, and the allocation of overhead costs. For the majority of our properties, our property expenses are recovered, in part, by either the triple net provisions or modified gross expense reimbursements in tenant leases. The majority of our leases also comprise contractual three percent or greater annual rental rate increases meant, in part, to help mitigate potential increases in property expenses over time. However, the terms of our leases vary and, in some instances, we may absorb property expenses. Our overall financial results will be impacted by the extent to which we are able to pass-through property expenses to our tenants. 
 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiary 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Operating Partnership indirectly and wholly owns Rexford Industrial Realty and Management, Inc., which we refer to as our services company. We have elected, together with our services company, to treat our services company as a taxable REIT subsidiary for federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary generally may provide non-customary and other services to our tenants and engage in activities that we or our subsidiaries (other than a taxable REIT subsidiary) may not engage in directly without adversely affecting our qualification as a REIT, provided a taxable REIT subsidiary may not operate or manage a lodging facility or health care facility or provide rights to any brand name under which any lodging facility or health care facility is operated. We may form additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future, and our Operating Partnership may contribute some or all of its interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries or their assets to our services company. Any income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries will not be included in our taxable income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests, except to the extent such income is distributed to us as a dividend, in which case such dividend income will qualify under the 95 , but not the 75 , gross income test. Because a taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax and state and local income tax (where applicable) as a regular corporation, the income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries generally will be subject to an additional level of tax as compared to the income earned by our other subsidiaries. Our taxable REIT subsidiary is a C-corporation subject to federal and state income tax. However, it has a cumulative unrecognized net operation loss carryforward and therefore there is no income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 63 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates and assumptions. We have summarized below those accounting policies that require material subjective or complex judgments and that have the most significant impact on financial condition and results of operations. Management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions that it believes are reasonable as of the date hereof. In addition, other companies in similar businesses may use different estimation policies and methodologies, which may impact the comparability of our results of operations and financial condition to those of other companies. 
 A critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of an entity s financial condition and results of operations and requires judgment on the part of management. Generally, the judgment requires management to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates are prepared using management s best judgment, after considering past and current economic conditions and expectations for the future. Changes in estimates could affect our financial position and specific items in our results of operations that are used by the users of our financial statements in their evaluation of our performance. 
 The following critical accounting policies discussion reflects what we believe are the most significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For further discussion of our significant accounting policies and discussion of new accounting pronouncements (if applicable), see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements under Item 15 of this report on Form 10-K. 
 Investment in Real Estate 
 We evaluated the acquisitions that we completed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and determined that these transactions should be accounted for as asset acquisitions. Our acquisitions of properties generally no longer meet the revised definition of a business under Accounting Standards Update 2017-01, Business Combinations - Clarifying the Definition of a Business, and accordingly are accounted for as asset acquisitions. 
 For asset acquisitions, we allocate the cost of the acquisition, which includes the purchase price and associated acquisition transaction costs, to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis. These individual assets and liabilities typically include land, building and improvements, tenant improvements, intangible assets and liabilities related to above- and below-market leases, intangible assets related to in-place leases, and from time to time, assumed debt. 
 Our estimates for the fair value of the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed are subject to uncertainty given the significant assumptions used to determine their fair value. The use of different assumptions in the determination of fair value could significantly affect the reported amounts of the allocation of our acquisition related assets and liabilities and the related depreciation and amortization expense recorded for such assets and liabilities. In addition, because the value of above- and below-market leases are amortized as either a reduction or increase to rental income, respectively, our judgments for these intangibles could have a significant impact on our reported rental revenues and results of operations. Our estimation process and the valuation model we use to determine the fair value of the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed are discussed in more detail in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 In accordance with the provisions of the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets Subsections of ASC Topic 360: Property, Plant, and Equipment , we assess the carrying values of our respective long-lived assets, including right-of use assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. 
 Impairment of the carrying value of long-lived assets are subject to uncertainty associated with forecasting future cash flows for measuring recoverability. Recoverability of real estate assets and other long-lived assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. Assumptions and estimates used in the recoverability analyses for future cash flows, discount rates and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions or our intent with respect to our investment that occur subsequent to our impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment of our real estate properties. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding our estimation process for impairment of long-lived assets. 
 64 

Valuation of Operating Lease Receivables 
 We may be subject to tenant defaults and bankruptcies that could affect the collection of outstanding receivables. We perform an assessment of the collectability of operating lease receivables on a tenant-by-tenant basis, which includes reviewing the age and nature of our receivables, the payment history and financial condition of the tenant, our assessment of the tenant s ability to meet its lease obligations and the status of negotiations of any disputes with the tenant. Accordingly, assumptions used to estimate collectability of operating lease receivables can change from period to period based on the tenants payment history, financial condition and other tenant specific factors. An increase or decrease in our assessment of the uncollectible amount for an operating lease receivable by 1,000 will have an opposite impact of an equivalent amount on our rental income in the consolidated statements of operations. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding valuation of operating lease receivables. 
 Equity Based Compensation 
 We account for equity-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718: Compensation Stock Compensation . Total compensation cost for all share-based awards is based on the estimated fair market value on the grant date. The grant date fair value for equity awards that contain market-based vesting conditions (such as the Company s total shareholder return TSR or the Company s TSR relative to the TSR of a selected peer group of companies) are performed using complex pricing valuation models, specifically a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model, that require the input of assumptions, including judgments to estimate expected stock price volatility and expected dividend yield. For equity awards that contain performance-based vesting conditions (such as the Company s FFO per share growth) we recognize compensation cost based on the number of awards that are expected to vest based on the probable outcome of the performance condition over the performance period. If factors change causing different assumptions to be made on the number of awards expected to vest, estimated compensation expense may differ significantly from that recorded in the current period but ultimately, the compensation cost for these awards will be adjusted in future periods to reflect the actual number of awards that vest. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 13 Incentive Award Plan to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding our estimation process for equity-based compensation. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Our consolidated results of operations are often not comparable from period to period due to the effect of (i) property acquisitions, (ii) property dispositions and (iii) properties that are taken out of service for repositioning or redevelopment during the comparative reporting periods. Our Total Portfolio represents all of the properties owned during the reported periods. To eliminate the effect of changes in our Total Portfolio due to acquisitions, dispositions and repositioning/redevelopment and to highlight the operating results of our on-going business, we have separately presented the results of our Same Property Portfolio. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 For the comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Same Property Portfolio includes all properties in our industrial portfolio that were wholly-owned by us for the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022, and that were stabilized prior to January 1, 2021, which consisted of 224 properties aggregating approximately 28.6 million rentable square feet. Results for our Same Property Portfolio exclude any properties that were acquired or sold during the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022, properties classified as current or future repositioning, redevelopment or lease-up during 2021 or 2022, interest income, interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses. 
 For the comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Total Portfolio includes the properties in our Same Property Portfolio, the 114 properties aggregating approximately 11.6 million rentable square feet that were acquired during 2022 and 2021, and the six properties aggregating approximately 0.3 million rentable square feet that were sold during 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Same Property Portfolio occupancy was approximately 98.1 and 99.1 , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Same Property Portfolio weighted average occupancy was approximately 98.7 and 98.3 , respectively. 
 65 

Same Property Portfolio 
 Total Portfolio Year Ended December 31, Increase/ (Decrease) Change Year Ended December 31, Increase/ (Decrease) Change 2022 2021 2022 2021 in thousands) REVENUES Rental income 409,737 381,297 28,440 7.5 630,578 451,733 178,845 39.6 Management and leasing services 616 468 148 31.6 Interest income 10 37 (27) (73.0) TOTAL REVENUES 409,737 381,297 28,440 7.5 631,204 452,238 178,966 39.6 OPERATING EXPENSES Property expenses 96,646 89,776 6,870 7.7 150,503 107,721 42,782 39.7 General and administrative 64,264 48,990 15,274 31.2 Depreciation and amortization 118,721 123,871 (5,150) (4.2) 196,794 151,269 45,525 30.1 TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 215,367 213,647 1,720 0.8 411,561 307,980 103,581 33.6 OTHER EXPENSE Other expenses 1,561 1,297 264 20.4 Interest expense 48,496 40,139 8,357 20.8 TOTAL EXPENSES 215,367 213,647 1,720 0.8 461,618 349,416 112,202 32.1 Loss on extinguishment of debt (915) (505) (410) 81.2 Gains on sale of real estate 8,486 33,929 (25,443) (75.0) NET INCOME 194,370 167,650 26,720 15.9 177,157 136,246 40,911 30.0 Rental Income 
 The following table reports the breakdown of 2022 and 2021 rental income, as reported prior to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 (dollars in thousands). We believe that the below presentation of rental income is not, and is not intended to be, a presentation in accordance with GAAP. We are presenting this information because we believe it is frequently used by management, investors, securities analysts and other interested parties to evaluate the Company s performance. 
 Same Property Portfolio 
 Total Portfolio Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Category 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Rental revenue (1) 
 338,494 316,126 22,368 7.1 522,419 375,684 146,735 39.1 Tenant reimbursements (2) 
 70,150 64,371 5,779 9.0 106,227 74,979 31,248 41.7 Other income (3) 
 1,093 800 293 36.6 1,932 1,070 862 80.6 Rental income 409,737 381,297 28,440 7.5 630,578 451,733 178,845 39.6 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio rental income increased by 28.4 million, or 7.5 , and 178.8 million, or 39.6 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, for the reasons described below: 
 66 

(1) Rental Revenue 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio rental revenue increased by 22.4 million, or 7.1 , and 146.7 million, or 39.1 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio rental revenue is primarily due to an increase in average rental rates on new and renewal leases and an increase in the weighted average occupancy of the portfolio, partially offset by a decrease of 2.7 million in amortization of net below-market lease intangibles. Our Total Portfolio rental revenue was also positively impacted by the incremental revenues from the 114 properties we acquired during 2021 and 2022, partially offset by the decrease in revenues from the six properties that were sold during 2021 and 2022. 
 (2) Tenant Reimbursements 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue increased by 5.8 million, or 9.0 , and 31.2 million or 41.7 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue is primarily due to an increase in recoverable property expenses, including higher reimbursable insurance expenses as a result of higher overall premiums and additional earthquake insurance coverage and higher reimbursable property tax expenses relating to California Proposition 13 annual increases, and an increase in the weighted average occupancy of the portfolio. Our Total Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue was also impacted by the incremental reimbursements from the 114 properties we acquired during 2021 and 2022, partially offset by the decrease in reimbursements from the six properties that were sold during 2021 and 2022. 
 (3) Other Income 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio other income increased by 0.3 million, or 36.6 , and 0.9 million, or 80.6 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the recommencement in 2022 of charging fees for late rental payments, which until recently was prohibited due to COVID-19 related governmental measures. Our Total Portfolio other income was also impacted by an increase in miscellaneous income. 
 Management and Leasing Services 
 Our Total Portfolio management and leasing services revenue increased by 0.1 million, or 31.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Income 
 Our Total Portfolio interest income decreased by 27 thousand, or 73.0 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Property Expenses 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio property expenses increased by 6.9 million, or 7.7 , and 42.8 million, or 39.7 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio property expenses is primarily due to increases in insurance expense resulting from higher overall premiums and additional earthquake insurance coverage, allocated overhead costs reflecting a higher employee headcount and labor costs and repairs and maintenance cost. Our Total Portfolio property expenses were also impacted by incremental expenses from the 114 properties we acquired during 2021 and 2022, partially offset by the decrease in property expenses from the six properties that were sold during 2021 and 2022. 
 General and Administrative 
 Our Total Portfolio general and administrative expenses increased by 15.3 million, or 31.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to increases in non-cash equity compensation expense, primarily related to performance unit equity grants made in 2021, payroll related costs and accrued bonus expense due to a higher employee headcount and rising labor costs. 
 67 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 Our Same Property Portfolio depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 5.2 million, or 4.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to acquisition-related in-place lease intangibles and tenant improvements becoming fully depreciated at certain properties during 2021 and 2022, partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense related to capital improvements placed into service during 2021 and 2022 and an increase in amortization of deferred leasing costs. Our Total Portfolio depreciation and amortization expense increased by 45.5 million, or 30.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to incremental expense from the 114 properties we acquired during 2021 and 2022, partially offset by the decrease in our Same Property Portfolio depreciation and amortization expense noted above. 
 Other Expenses 
 Our Total Portfolio other expenses increased by 0.3 million, or 20.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to 0.7 million of construction demolition costs incurred in 2022 and an increase in acquisition expenses of 0.5 million, partially offset by a 1.0 million impairment charge in 2021 to reduce the carrying value of the right-of-use asset related to one of our leased office spaces that we decided to sublease as a result of the implementation of a work from home flexibility program in 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Our Total Portfolio interest expense increased by 8.4 million, or 20.8 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense is primarily comprised of the following: (i) a 7.6 million increase related to the 400.0 million term loan facility borrowing we completed in July 2022, (ii) a 6.2 million increase related to the 300.0 million term loan facility borrowing we completed in May 2022 and the related interest rate swaps, (iii) a 5.8 million increase due to the issuance of 400.0 million of 2.15 senior notes in August 2021, (iv) a 4.8 million increase due to higher average outstanding borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and an increase in LIBOR/SOFR rates, and (v) a 1.1 million increase related to the current and prior 60.0 million term loans primarily due to an increase in SOFR/LIBOR rates. These increases were partially offset by the following decreases: (i) a 7.7 million increase in capitalized interest related to repositioning and redevelopment activity, (ii) a 4.7 million decrease related to the repayment of the 225.0 million term loan facility and termination of the related interest rate swaps in August 2021, (iii) a 3.8 million decrease related to the repayment of the 150.0 million term loan facility and termination of the related interest rate swap in May 2022, and (iv) a 1.0 million decrease related to the interest rate swap that was terminated in November 2020 which had a loss balance in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) that was amortized into interest expense through August 2021. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily comprised of the write-off of 0.7 million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the 150.0 million unsecured term loan facility we repaid in May 2022 in advance of the May 2025 maturity date and the write-off of 0.2 million of unamortized debt issuance costs attributable to one of the creditors departing the unsecured revolving credit facility when we amended our senior unsecured credit agreement in May 2022. The loss on extinguishment of debt of 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 represents the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the 225.0 million unsecured term loan facility that we repaid in September 2021 in advance of the January 2023 maturity date. 
 Gains on Sale of Real Estate 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized gains on sale of real estate of 8.5 million from the disposition of one property that was sold for a gross sales price of 16.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized gains on sale of real estate of 33.9 million from the disposition of five properties that were sold for an aggregate gross sales price of 59.3 million. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022, for a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 68 

Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures: Funds From Operations and Core Funds From Operations 
 We calculate funds from operations FFO attributable to common stockholders in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). FFO represents net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business, impairment losses of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs) and after adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 Management uses FFO as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from property dispositions, and asset impairments, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. We also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of performance used by other REITs, FFO may be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. 
 However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effects and could materially impact our results from operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. Other equity REITs may not calculate or interpret FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition as we do, and, accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs FFO. FFO should not be used as a measure of our liquidity and is not indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends. 
 We calculate Core FFO by adjusting FFO for non-comparable items outlined in the reconciliation below. We believe that Core FFO is a useful supplemental measure and that by adjusting for items that are not considered by us to be part of our on-going operating performance, provides a more meaningful and consistent comparison of our operating and financial performance period-over-period. Because these adjustments have a real economic impact on our financial condition and results from operations, the utility of Core FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. Other REITs may not calculate Core FFO in a consistent manner. Accordingly, our Core FFO may not be comparable to other REITs' core FFO. Core FFO should be considered only as a supplement to net income computed in accordance with GAAP as a measure of our performance. Company share of Core FFO in the table below reflects Core FFO attributable to common stockholders, which excludes amounts allocable to noncontrolling interests, participating securities and preferred stockholders (which consists of preferred stock dividends, but excludes non-recurring preferred stock redemption charges related to the write-off of original issuance costs which we do not consider reflective of our on-going performance). 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to FFO and Core FFO (unaudited and in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 177,157 136,246 80,895 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization 196,794 151,269 115,269 Gains on sale of real estate (1) 
 (8,486) (33,929) (13,617) Funds from operations (FFO) 365,465 253,586 182,547 Adjustments: Acquisition expenses 613 94 124 Impairment of right-of-use asset 992 Loss on extinguishment of debt 915 505 104 Amortization of loss on termination of interest rate swaps 253 2,169 218 Non-capitalizable demolition costs 663 Write-offs of below-market lease intangibles related to terminations (2) 
 (5,792) Core FFO 362,117 257,346 182,993 Less: preferred stock dividends (9,258) (12,563) (14,545) Less: Core FFO attributable to noncontrolling interests (3) 
 (16,838) (13,504) (7,667) Less: Core FFO attributable to participating securities (4) 
 (1,282) (943) (774) Company share of Core FFO 334,739 230,336 160,007 
 69 

(1) Gains on sale of real estate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflect gains from the sale of depreciable operating properties. Gains on sale of real estate for the year ended December 31, 2020, include total gains of 14.5 million from the sale of depreciable operating properties and a loss of 0.9 million from the sale of assets incidental to our business. For additional details, see Note 3 Investments in Real Estate to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Reflects the write-off of the portion of a below-market lease intangible attributable to below-market fixed rate renewal options that were not exercised due to the termination of the lease at the end of the initial lease term. 
 (3) Noncontrolling interests represent (i) holders of outstanding common units of the Company's Operating Partnership that are owned by unit holders other than the Company and (ii) holders of Series 1 CPOP Units, Series 2 CPOP Units and Series 3 CPOP Units. 
 (4) Participating securities include unvested shares of restricted stock, unvested LTIP units of partnership interest in our Operating Partnership and unvested performance units in our Operating Partnership. 
 
 Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures: NOI and Cash NOI 
 Net operating income NOI is a non-GAAP measure which includes the revenue and expense directly attributable to our real estate properties. NOI is calculated as rental income less property expenses (before interest expense, depreciation and amortization). 
 We use NOI as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate depreciation and amortization expense, general and administrative expenses, interest expense, gains (or losses) on sale of real estate and other non-operating items, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. We also believe that NOI will be useful to investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. However, because NOI excludes depreciation and amortization expense and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties (all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our results from operations), the utility of NOI as a measure of our performance is limited. Other equity REITs may not calculate NOI in a similar manner and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to such other REITs NOI. Accordingly, NOI should be considered only as a supplement to net income as a measure of our performance. NOI should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs. NOI should not be used as a substitute for cash flow from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. 
 NOI on a cash-basis Cash NOI is a non-GAAP measure, which we calculate by adding or subtracting the following items from NOI: (i) fair value lease revenue and (ii) straight-line rental revenue adjustments. We use Cash NOI, together with NOI, as a supplemental performance measure. Cash NOI should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs. Cash NOI should not be used as a substitute for cash flow from operating activities computed in accordance with GAAP. 
 70 

The following table sets forth the revenue and expense items comprising NOI and the adjustments to calculate Cash NOI (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Rental income 630,578 451,733 329,377 Less: Property expenses 150,503 107,721 79,716 Net Operating Income 480,075 344,012 249,661 Amortization of (below) above market lease intangibles, net (31,209) (15,443) (10,533) Straight line rental revenue adjustment (31,220) (20,903) (11,406) Cash Net Operating Income 417,646 307,666 227,722 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to NOI and Cash NOI (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 177,157 136,246 80,895 General and administrative 64,264 48,990 36,795 Depreciation and amortization 196,794 151,269 115,269 Other expenses 1,561 1,297 124 Interest expense 48,496 40,139 30,849 Loss on extinguishment of debt 915 505 104 Management and leasing services (616) (468) (420) Interest income (10) (37) (338) Gains on sale of real estate (8,486) (33,929) (13,617) Net Operating Income 480,075 344,012 249,661 Amortization of (below) above market lease intangibles, net (31,209) (15,443) (10,533) Straight line rental revenue adjustment (31,220) (20,903) (11,406) Cash Net Operating Income 417,646 307,666 227,722 
 
 Non-GAAP Supplemental Measure: EBITDA re 
 We calculate earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization for real estate EBITDA re in accordance with the standards established by NAREIT. EBITDA re is calculated as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business, impairment losses of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business and adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 We believe that EBITDA re is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of our operating performance as a real estate company because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of our properties. We also use this measure in ratios to compare our performance to that of our industry peers. In addition, we believe EBITDA re is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of equity REITs. However, our industry peers may not calculate EBITDA re in accordance with the NAREIT definition as we do and, accordingly, our EBITDA re may not be comparable to our peers EBITDA re . Accordingly, EBITDA re should be considered only as a supplement to net income (loss) as a measure of our performance. 
 71 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to EBITDA re (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 177,157 136,246 80,895 Interest expense 48,496 40,139 30,849 Depreciation and amortization 196,794 151,269 115,269 Gains on sale of real estate (8,486) (33,929) (13,617) EBITDAre 413,961 293,725 213,396 
 Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 In March 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X and created Rule 13-01 to simplify disclosure requirements related to certain registered securities. The rule became effective January 4, 2021. The Company and the Operating Partnership have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC registering, among other securities, debt securities of the Operating Partnership, which will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. At December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership had issued and outstanding 400.0 million of 2.125 Senior Notes due 2030 (the 400 Million Notes due 2030 and the 400 Million Notes due 2031. The obligations of the Operating Partnership to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest on the 400 Million Notes due 2030 and 400 Million Notes due 2031 are guaranteed on a senior basis by the Company. The guarantee is full and unconditional, and the Operating Partnership is a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. 
 As a result of the amendments to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, subsidiary issuers of obligations guaranteed by the parent are not required to provide separate financial statements, provided that the subsidiary obligor is consolidated into the parent company s consolidated financial statements, the parent guarantee is full and unconditional and, subject to certain exceptions as set forth below, the alternative disclosure required by Rule 13-01 is provided, which includes narrative disclosure and summarized financial information. Accordingly, separate consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership have not been presented. Furthermore, as permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi), the Company has excluded the summarized financial information for the Operating Partnership as the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company and the Operating Partnership are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and not provide incremental value to investors. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds to pay for operating expenses, interest expense, general and administrative expenses, capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions, and distributions to our common and preferred stockholders and holders of common units of partnership interests in our Operating Partnership OP Units ). We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through available cash on hand, cash flow from operations, by drawing on our unsecured revolving credit facility and by issuing shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM program or issuing other securities as described below. 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for acquisitions, recurring and non-recurring capital expenditures and scheduled debt maturities. We intend to satisfy our long-term liquidity needs through net cash flow from operations, proceeds from long-term secured and unsecured financings, borrowings available under our unsecured revolving credit facility, the issuance of equity securities, including preferred stock, and proceeds from selective real estate dispositions as we identify capital recycling opportunities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had: 
 Outstanding fixed-rate and variable-rate debt with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of 2.0 billion, with 7.5 million due within 12 months. 
 Total scheduled interest payments on our fixed rate debt and projected net interest payments on our variable rate debt and interest rate swaps of 322.4 million, of which 68.4 million is due within 12 months. 
 Commitments of 114.2 million for tenant improvements under certain tenant leases and construction work related to obligations under contractual agreements with our construction vendors; and 
 72 

Operating lease commitments with aggregate lease payments of 27.2 million, of which 2.3 million is due within 12 months. 
 See Note 5 Notes Payable to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding the scheduled principal payments. Also see Note 6 Leases to the consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the scheduled operating lease payments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents were 36.8 million, and we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility, leaving 1.0 billion available for future borrowings. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Cash Flow from Operations 
 Cash flow from operations is one of our key sources of liquidity and is primarily dependent upon: (i) the occupancy levels and lease rates at our properties, (ii) our ability to collect rent, (iii) the level of operating costs we incur and (iv) our ability to pass through operating expenses to our tenants. We are subject to a number of risks related to general economic and other unpredictable conditions, which have the potential to affect our overall performance and resulting cash flows from operations. However, based on our current portfolio mix and business strategy, we anticipate that we will be able to generate positive cash flows from operations. 
 ATM Program 
 On May 27, 2022, we established an ATM program pursuant to which we are able to sell from time to time shares of our common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to 1.0 billion (the Current 2022 ATM Program ). The Current 2022 ATM Program replaces our previous 750.0 million ATM program, which was established on January 13, 2022, under which we had sold shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of 697.5 million through May 27, 2022. In addition, we previously established a 750.0 million ATM program on November 9, 2020, under which we had sold shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of 743.9 million through January 13, 2022. 
 In connection with our ATM programs, we may sell shares of our common stock directly through sales agents or we may enter into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers whereby, at our discretion, the forward purchasers may borrow and sell shares of our common stock under ATM programs. The use of a forward equity sale agreement allows us to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of our common stock at the time the agreement is executed but defer settling the forward equity sale agreements and receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. Additionally, the forward price that we expect to receive upon physical settlement of an agreement will be subject to adjustment for (i) a floating interest rate factor equal to a specified daily rate less a spread, (ii) the forward purchaser s stock borrowing costs and (iii) scheduled dividends during the term of the agreement. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers under our various ATM programs with respect to 23,519,219 shares of common stock at a weighted average initial forward price of 64.29 per share. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchasers at the time we entered into forward equity sale agreements. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we physically settled a portion of the aforementioned forward equity sale agreements and the outstanding forward equity sale agreement from 2021 by issuing 24,788,691 shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 1.6 billion, based on a weighted average forward price of 65.02 per share at settlement. 
 As of February 10, 2023, the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we had 636,884 shares of common stock, or approximately 35.2 million of forward net proceeds remaining for settlement to occur before November 2023, based on a forward price of 55.22 per share. 
 As of February 10, 2023, approximately 165.4 million of common stock remains available to be sold under the Current 2022 ATM Program. Future sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors, including among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, determinations by us of the appropriate sources of funding for us and potential uses of funding available to us. We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering of shares under the Current 2022 ATM Program, if any, to fund potential acquisition opportunities, repay amounts outstanding from time to time under our unsecured revolving credit facility or other debt financing obligations, to fund our repositioning or redevelopment activities and/or for general corporate purposes. 
 73 

Securities Offerings 
 We evaluate the capital markets on an ongoing basis for opportunities to raise capital, and as circumstances warrant, we may issue additional securities, from time to time, to fund acquisitions, for the repayment of long-term debt upon maturity and for other general corporate purposes. Such securities may include common equity, preferred equity and/or debt of us or our subsidiaries. Any future issuance, however, is dependent upon market conditions, available pricing and capital needs and there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such offerings of securities. 
 2022 Forward Equity Offering During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers in connection with an underwritten public offering of 11,846,425 shares of common stock, including 346,425 shares related to the partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at an initial forward price of 55.74 per share (the 2022 Forward Offering Sale Agreements ), pursuant to which, the forward purchasers borrowed and sold an aggregate of 11,846,425 shares of common stock in the offering. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchasers at the time of the offering. 
 In December 2022, we partially settled the 2022 Forward Offering Sale Agreements by issuing 3,554,704 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 198.7 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 55.90 per share at settlement. 
 In January 2023, we partially settled the outstanding 2022 Forward Offering Sale Agreements by issuing 7,617,013 shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of 425.0 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 55.80 per share at settlement. 
 As of February 10, 2023, the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we had 674,708 shares of common stock, or approximately 37.7 million of forward net proceeds remaining for settlement to occur before May 2024, based on a forward sale price of 55.87 per share. 
 Capital Recycling 
 We continuously evaluate opportunities for the potential disposition of properties in our portfolio when we believe such disposition is appropriate in view of our business objectives. In evaluating these opportunities, we consider a variety of criteria including, but not limited to, local market conditions and lease rates, asset type and location, as well as potential uses of proceeds and tax considerations. Tax considerations include entering into a 1031 Exchange, when possible, to defer some or all of the taxable gains, if any, on dispositions. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the disposition of one property for a gross sales price of 16.5 million and net cash proceeds of 15.3 million. The net cash proceeds were used to partially fund the acquisition of one property during the year ended December 31, 2022, through a 1031 Exchange transaction. 
 We anticipate continuing to selectively and opportunistically dispose of properties, however, the timing of any potential future dispositions will depend on market conditions, asset-specific circumstances or opportunities, and our capital needs. Our ability to dispose of selective properties on advantageous terms, or at all, is dependent upon a number of factors including the availability of credit to potential buyers to purchase properties at prices that we consider acceptable. 
 Investment Grade Rating 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our credit ratings were raised to Baa2 (Stable outlook) from Baa3 (Stable outlook) by Moody s and to BBB+ (Stable outlook) from BBB (Positive outlook) by both S P and Fitch with respect to our Credit Agreement (described below), 100.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (the 100 Million Notes ), 25.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes and 75.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (together the Series 2019A and 2019B Notes ), 400 Million Notes due 2030 and 400 Million Notes due 2031. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our credit ratings were raised to BBB- from BB+ by both S P and Fitch with respect to our 5.875 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and our 5.625 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Our credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analysis of us, and, although it is our intent to maintain our investment grade credit rating, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. In the event our current credit ratings are downgraded, it may become difficult or more expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing indebtedness as maturities become due. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On May 26, 2022, we amended our credit agreement, which was comprised of a 700.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on February 13, 2024, by entering into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement initially provided for (i) a senior unsecured term loan facility that permits aggregate borrowings of up to 300.0 million (the 300 Million Term Loan ), all of which was borrowed at closing on May 26, 2022, and (ii) a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolver in the aggregate principal amount of 1.0 
 74 

billion. On July 19, 2022, we exercised the accordion option under the Credit Agreement to add a 400.0 million unsecured term loan (the 400 Million Term Loan and together with the 300 Million Term Loan, the Term Facility ). Subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, we may request additional lender commitments and increase the size of the Credit Agreement by an additional 800.0 million, which may be comprised of additional revolving commitments under the Revolver, an increase to the Term Facility, additional term loan tranches or any combination of the foregoing. 
 The Revolver is scheduled to mature on May 26, 2026 and has two six-month extension options available. The 400 Million Term Loan is scheduled to mature on July 19, 2024 and has two one-year extension options available. The 300 Million Term Loan matures on May 26, 2027. 
 Interest on the Credit Agreement is generally to be paid based upon, at our option, either (i) Term SOFR plus the applicable margin; (ii) Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable margin or (iii) the applicable base rate (which is defined as the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (b) the administrative agent s prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00 , and (d) one percent (1.00 )) plus the applicable margin. Additionally, Term SOFR and Daily Simple SOFR will be increased by a 0.10 SOFR adjustment. The applicable margin for the Term Facility ranges from 0.80 to 1.60 per annum for SOFR-based loans and 0.00 to 0.60 per annum for base rate loans, depending on our investment grade ratings. The applicable margin for the Revolver ranges from 0.725 to 1.400 per annum for SOFR-based loans and 0.00 to 0.40 per annum for base rate loans, depending on our investment grade ratings. In addition to the interest payable on amounts outstanding under the Revolver, we are required to pay an applicable credit facility fee, on each lender's commitment amount under the Revolver, regardless of usage. The applicable credit facility fee ranges from 0.125 to 0.300 per annum, depending on our investment grade ratings. The interest rate under the Credit Agreement is also subject to a favorable leverage-based adjustment if our ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value is less than 35.0 . 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement also features a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable margin and applicable credit facility fee can decrease by 0.04 and 0.01 , respectively, or increase by 0.04 and 0.01 , respectively, if we meet, or do not meet, certain sustainability performance targets, as applicable. 
 The Revolver and the Term Facility may be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. Amounts borrowed under the Term Facility and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 The Credit Agreement contains usual and customary events of default including defaults in the payment of principal, interest or fees, defaults in compliance with the covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement and other loan documentation, cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness, and bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under the Credit Agreement, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding loans, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, may be declared immediately due and payable. 
 As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under the Revolver, leaving 1.0 billion available for future borrowings. 
 
 Uses of Liquidity 
 Acquisitions 
 One of our most significant liquidity needs has historically been for the acquisition of real estate properties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed 52 acquisitions representing 61 properties with a combined 5.9 million rentable square feet of buildings on 319.6 acres of land for an aggregate purchase price of 2.4 billion. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, through the filing date of this Form 10-K, we have acquired two properties with a combined 1.2 million rentable square feet of buildings for an aggregate purchase price of 405.0 million, and we are actively monitoring a volume of properties in our markets that we believe represent attractive potential investment opportunities to continue to grow our business. As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have over 125.0 million of acquisitions under contract or accepted offer. There can be no assurance we will complete any such acquisitions. While the actual number of acquisitions that we complete will be dependent upon a number of factors, in the short term, we expect to fund our acquisitions through available cash on hand and proceeds from forward equity settlements, cash flows from operations, borrowings available under the Revolver, recycling capital through property dispositions and, in the long term, through the issuance of equity securities or proceeds from long-term secured and unsecured financings. See Note 3 Investments in Real Estate to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the properties we acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 75 

Recurring and Nonrecurring Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures are considered part of both our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 8.7 million of recurring capital expenditures, which was a decrease of 1.8 million from the prior year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 111.1 million of non-recurring capital expenditures, which was an increase of 30.6 million over the prior year. The increase was primarily due to the increase in non-recurring capital expenditures related to repositioning and redevelopment activity during 2022 compared to 2021. As discussed above under Factors that May Influence Future Results Acquisitions and Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment of Properties , as of December 31, 2022, 17 of our properties were under current repositioning, redevelopment, or lease-up, and we have a pipeline of 12 additional properties for which we anticipate beginning construction work over the next five quarters. We currently estimate that approximately 385.2 million of capital will be required over the next three years (1Q-2023 through Q2-2025) to complete the repositioning/redevelopment of these properties. However, this estimate is based on our current construction plans and budgets, both of which are subject to change as a result of a number of factors, including increased costs of building materials or construction services and construction delays related to supply chain backlogs and increased lead time on building materials. If we are unable to complete construction on schedule or within budget, we could incur increased construction costs and experience potential delays in leasing the properties. We expect to fund these projects through a combination of available cash on hand, proceeds from forward equity settlements, the issuance of common stock under the Current 2022 ATM Program, cash flow from operations and borrowings available under the Revolver. 
 Dividends and Distribution s 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. To satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT and generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, we intend to distribute a percentage of our cash flow on a quarterly basis to holders of our common stock. In addition, we intend to make distribution payments to holders of OP Units and preferred units, and dividend payments to holders of our preferred stock. 
 On February 6, 2023, our board of directors declared the following quarterly cash dividends/distributions: 
 Security Amount per Share/Unit Record Date Payment Date Common stock 0.380 March 31, 2023 April 17, 2023 OP Units 0.380 March 31, 2023 April 17, 2023 5.875 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 0.367188 March 15, 2023 March 31, 2023 5.625 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 0.351563 March 15, 2023 March 31, 2023 4.43937 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 0.505085 March 15, 2023 March 31, 2023 4.00 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 0.450000 March 15, 2023 March 31, 2023 3.00 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 0.545462 March 15, 2023 March 31, 2023 
 76 

Indebtedness Outstanding 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our indebtedness outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 
 Contractual Maturity Date Margin Above SOFR Effective Interest Rate (1) 
 
 Principal Balance (in thousands) (2) 
 Unsecured and Secured Debt: Unsecured Debt: Revolving Credit Facility (3) 
 5/26/2026 (4) S+0.725 (5) 5.125 400M Term Loan 7/19/2024 (4) S+0.800 (5) 5.258 400,000 100M Senior Notes 8/6/2025 n/a 4.290 100,000 300M Term Loan 5/26/2027 S+0.800 (5) 3.717 (6) 300,000 125M Senior Notes 7/13/2027 n/a 3.930 125,000 25M Series 2019A Senior Notes 7/16/2029 n/a 3.880 25,000 400M Senior Notes due 2030 12/1/2030 n/a 2.125 400,000 400M Senior Notes due 2031 (green bond) 9/1/2031 n/a 2.150 400,000 75M Series 2019B Senior Notes 7/16/2034 n/a 4.030 75,000 Total Unsecured Debt 1,825,000 Secured Debt: 2601-2641 Manhattan Beach Boulevard 4/5/2023 n/a 4.080 3,832 960-970 Knox Street 11/1/2023 n/a 5.000 2,307 7612-7642 Woodwind Drive 1/5/2024 n/a 5.240 3,712 11600 Los Nietos Road 5/1/2024 n/a 4.190 2,462 60M Term Loan Facility (7) 
 10/27/2024 (7) S+1.250 (7) 5.708 60,000 5160 Richton Street 11/15/2024 n/a 3.790 4,153 22895 Eastpark Drive 11/15/2024 n/a 4.330 2,612 701-751 Kingshill Place 1/5/2026 n/a 3.900 7,100 13943-13955 Balboa Boulevard 7/1/2027 n/a 3.930 14,965 2205 126th Street 12/1/2027 n/a 3.910 5,200 2410-2420 Santa Fe Avenue 1/1/2028 n/a 3.700 10,300 11832-11954 La Cienega Boulevard 7/1/2028 n/a 4.260 3,928 Gilbert/La Palma 3/1/2031 n/a 5.125 1,935 7817 Woodley Avenue 8/1/2039 n/a 4.140 3,009 Total Secured Debt 125,515 Total Debt 1,950,515 
 (1) Reflects the contractual interest rate under the terms of each loan as of December 31, 2022 and includes the effect of interest rate swaps that were effective as of December 31, 2022. See footnote (6) below. Excludes the effect of amortization of debt issuance costs, premiums/discounts and the facility fee on the Revolver. 
 (2) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs and premiums/discounts totaling 14.1 million, which are presented as a reduction of the carrying value of our debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The Revolver is subject to an applicable facility fee which is calculated as a percentage of the total lenders commitment amount, regardless of usage. The applicable facility fee ranges from 0.125 to 0.30 per annum depending upon our investment grade rating, leverage ratio and sustainability performance metrics, which may change from time to time. 
 (4) The Revolver has two six-month extensions and the 400 Million Term Loan has two one-year extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 77 

(5) The interest rates on these loans are comprised of daily SOFR for the Revolver and Term SOFR for the Term Facility (in each case increased by a 0.10 SOFR adjustment) plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.725 to 1.400 per annum for the Revolver and 0.80 to 1.60 per annum for the Term Facility, depending on our investment grade ratings, leverage ratio and sustainability performance metrics, which may change from time to time. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our credit ratings were upgraded and as a result, the applicable margin on the Revolver was lowered to 0.725 from 0.775 and the applicable margin on the Term Facility was lowered to 0.80 from 0.85 . 
 (6) As of December 31, 2022, Term SOFR related to 300.0 million of our variable rate debt has been effectively fixed at 2.81725 through the use of interest rate swaps. For details, see Note 7 Interest Rate Derivatives to our consolidated financial statements. Including the impact of these interest rate swaps, the hedged effective interest rate on the 300 Million Term Loan is 3.717 . 
 (7) On October 27, 2022, we refinanced an amortizing 60.0 million term loan expiring in August 2023. The new 60.0 million term loan has interest-only payment terms bearing interest at Term SOFR increased by a 0.10 SOFR adjustment plus an applicable margin of 1.25 per annum (the 60 Million Term Loan Facility ). The loan is secured by six properties and has three one-year extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our outstanding debt between fixed-rate and variable-rate and secured and unsecured debt as of December 31, 2022: 
 Weighted Average Term Remaining (in years) (1) 
 Stated Interest Rate Effective 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Principal Balance 
 (in thousands) (3) 
 of Total Fixed vs. Variable: Fixed (4) 
 6.8 2.96 2.96 1,490,515 76 Variable 1.6 SOFR + Margin (See Above) 5.32 460,000 24 Secured vs. Unsecured: Secured 3.1 4.86 125,515 6 Unsecured 5.7 3.42 1,825,000 94 
 (1) The weighted average remaining term to maturity of our debt is 5.6 years. 
 (2) Includes the effect of interest rate swaps that were effective as of December 31, 2022. Excludes the effect of amortization of debt issuance costs, premiums/discounts and the facility fee on the Revolver. Assumes Daily Simple SOFR of 4.300 and Term SOFR of 4.358 as of December 31, 2022, as applicable. 
 (3) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs and debt premiums/discounts totaling 14.1 million which are presented as a reduction of the carrying value of our debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Fixed-rate debt includes our variable rate 300 Million Term Loan that has been effectively fixed through the use of interest rate swaps through maturity. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness of 2.0 billion, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discounts, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.52 . As of December 31, 2022, 1.5 billion, or 76 , of our outstanding indebtedness had an interest rate that was effectively fixed under either the terms of the loan 1.2 billion) or interest rate swaps 300.0 million). 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness of 2.0 billion, reflecting a net debt to total combined market capitalization of approximately 14.9 . Our total market capitalization is defined as the sum of the liquidation preference of our outstanding preferred stock and preferred units plus the market value of our common stock excluding shares of nonvested restricted stock, plus the aggregate value of common units not owned by us, plus the value of our net debt. Our net debt is defined as our consolidated indebtedness less cash and cash equivalents. 
 78 

Debt Covenants 
 The Credit Agreement, 60 Million Term Loan Facility, 100 Million Notes, 125 Million Notes and Series 2019A and 2019B Notes all include a series of financial and other covenants that we must comply with, including the following covenants which are tested on a quarterly basis: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Credit Agreement and 60 Million Term Loan Facility, maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the 100 Million Notes, 125 Million Notes and Series 2019A and 2019B Notes (together the Senior Notes ), maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of total secured recourse debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Senior Notes, maintaining a minimum tangible net worth of at least the sum of (i) , and (ii) an amount equal to at least of the net equity proceeds received by the Company after September 30, 2016; 
 Maintaining a ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to fixed charges of at least to 1.0; 
 For the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of total unsecured debt to total unencumbered asset value of not more than ; and 
 For the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of unencumbered NOI (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to unsecured interest expense of at least to 1.00. 
 The 400 Million Notes due 2030 and 400 Million Notes due 2031 contain the following covenants (as defined in the indentures) that we must comply with: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than 60 ; 
 Maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than 40 ; 
 Maintaining a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least 1.5 to 1.0; and 
 Maintaining a ratio of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt of at least 1.5 to 1.0. 
 The Credit Agreement, and Senior Notes also contain limitations on our ability to pay distributions on our common stock. Specifically, our cash dividends may not exceed the greater of (i) 95 of our FFO (as defined in the credit agreement) and (ii) the amount required for us to qualify and maintain our REIT status. If an event of default exists, we may only make distributions sufficient to qualify and maintain our REIT status. 
 Additionally, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, 60 Million Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, (i) a default in the payment of any principal or interest, (ii) a default in the payment of certain of our other indebtedness, (iii) a default in compliance with the covenants set forth in the debt agreement and (iv) bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults, the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding debt will become immediately due and payable. In addition, we are required to maintain at all times a credit rating on the Senior Notes from either S P, Moody s or Fitch. 
 79 

Cash Flows 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table summarizes the changes in net cash flows associated with our operating, investing, and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash provided by operating activities 327,695 231,463 96,232 Cash used in investing activities (2,449,210) (1,912,767) (536,443) Cash provided by financing activities 2,114,303 1,547,779 566,524 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 96.2 million to 327.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 231.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the incremental cash flows from property acquisitions completed subsequent to January 1, 2021, and the increase in Cash NOI from our Same Property Portfolio, partially offset by higher cash interest paid as compared to the prior year. 
 Net cash used in investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities increased by 536.4 million to 2.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a 462.6 million increase in cash paid for property acquisitions and acquisition related deposits, a 41.3 million decrease in net proceeds from the sale of real estate as compared to the prior year and a 32.6 million increase in cash paid for construction and repositioning/redevelopment projects. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities . Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 566.5 million to 2.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the following: (i) an increase of 1.1 billion in cash proceeds from borrowings under the Revolver, (ii) an increase of 400.0 million in cash proceeds from borrowings under the 400 Million Term Loan in July 2022, (iii) an increase of 300.0 million in cash proceeds from borrowings under the 300 Million Term Loan in May 2022, (iv) an increase of 225.0 million from the repayment of the 225.0 million term loan facility in August 2021, (v) an increase of 183.1 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock and (vi) an increase of 90.0 million from the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock in August 2021. These increases were partially offset by the following: (i) a decrease of 1.1 billion from the repayment of the borrowings under the Revolver, (ii) a decrease of 392.4 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance of the 400 Million Notes due 2031 in August 2021, (iii) a decrease of 150.0 million from the repayment of the 150 Million Term Loan Facility in May 2022 and (iv) an increase of 74.3 million in dividends paid to common stockholders and common unitholders primarily due to the increase in the number of common shares outstanding and the increase in our quarterly per share/unit cash dividend. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cash Flows in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022, for a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Inflation 
 In the last several years, we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on the Company. However, recently inflation has significantly increased and a prolonged period of high and persistent inflation could cause an increase in our operating expenses, capital expenditures and cost of our variable-rate borrowings which could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. The majority of our leases are either triple net or provide for tenant reimbursement for costs related to real estate taxes and operating expenses. In addition, most of the leases provide for fixed rent increases. We believe that inflationary increases to real estate taxes, utility expenses and other operating expenses may be partially offset by the contractual rent increases and tenant payment of taxes and expenses described above. 
 
 80 

Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. A key market risk we face is interest rate risk. We are exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of using variable-rate debt to satisfy various short-term and long-term liquidity needs, which have interest rates based upon SOFR. We use interest rate swaps to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings. Because actual interest rate movements over time are uncertain, our swaps pose potential interest rate risks, notably if interest rates fall. We also expose ourselves to credit risk, which we attempt to minimize by contracting with highly-rated banking financial counterparties. For a summary of our outstanding variable-rate debt, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. For a summary of our interest rate swaps and recent transactions, see Note 7 Interest Rate Derivatives to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the 300 Million Term Loan has been effectively fixed through the use of interest rate swaps. The interest rate swaps have a combined notional value of 300.0 million, an effective date of July 27, 2022, a maturity date of May 26, 2027, and currently fix Term SOFR at a weighted average rate of 2.81725 . 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total consolidated indebtedness, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs and premium/discounts, of 1.95 billion. Of this total amount, 1.49 billion, or 76 , comprise our fixed-rate debt under the terms of the loan or an interest rate swap. The remaining 460.0 million, or 24 , comprises our variable-rate debt. Based upon the amount of variable-rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, if SOFR were to increase by 50 basis points, the increase in interest expense on our variable-rate debt would decrease our future earnings and cash flows by approximately 2.3 million annually. If SOFR were to decrease by 50 basis points, assuming an interest rate floor of 0 , the decrease in interest expense on our variable-rate debt would increase our future earnings and cash flows by approximately 2.3 million annually. 
 Interest risk amounts are our management s estimates and were determined by considering the effect of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. We calculate interest sensitivity by multiplying the amount of variable rate debt outstanding by the respective change in rate. The sensitivity analysis does not take into consideration possible changes in the balances or fair value of our floating rate debt or the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in that environment. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, this analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 All information required by this item is listed in the Index to Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1). 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 81 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no significant changes that occurred during the fourth quarter of the most recent year covered by this report in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company has used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to assess our internal control over financial reporting. Based upon this assessment, management concluded that internal control over financial reporting operated effectively as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein within Item 15. See Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 82 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 will be contained in a definitive proxy statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we anticipate will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 will be contained in a definitive proxy statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we anticipate will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 will be contained in a definitive proxy statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we anticipate will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 will be contained in a definitive proxy statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we anticipate will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 will be contained in a definitive proxy statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we anticipate will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference. 
 83 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) and (2) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 The following financial information is included in Part IV of this Report on the pages indicated: 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 1 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc.: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F- 49 
 
 All other schedules are omitted because the required information is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule or because the information required is included in the financial statements and notes thereto. 
 84 

(3). Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 S-11/A 333-188806 3.1 7/15/2013 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 8-K 001-36008 3.1 2/14/2020 3.3 Articles Supplementary designating the Series B Preferred Stock of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 8-A 001-36008 3.3 11/9/2017 3.4 Articles Supplementary designating the Series C Preferred Stock of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 8-A 001-36008 3.3 9/19/2019 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 S-11/A 333-188806 4.1 7/15/2013 4.2 Form of Specimen Certificate of Series B Preferred Stock of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 8-A 001-36008 4.1 11/9/2017 4.3 Form of Specimen Certificate of Series C Preferred Stock of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 8-A 001-36008 4.1 9/19/2019 4.4 Description of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. Common Stock and Preferred Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10-K 001-36008 4.5 2/19/2020 4.5 Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2020, among Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., as issuer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 8-K 001-36008 4.1 11/16/2020 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2020, among Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., as issuer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 
 8-K 001-36008 4.2 11/16/2020 4.7 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2021, among Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., as issuer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 
 8-K 001-36008 4.2 8/9/2021 10.1 Eighth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 3/21/2022 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and the persons named therein 
 10-Q 001-36008 10.2 9/3/2013 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., 2013 Incentive Award Plan 
 10-Q 001-36008 10.5 7/27/2021 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2013 Incentive Award Plan 
 S-11/A 333-188806 10.4 7/15/2013 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and its directors and officers 
 S-11/A 333-188806 10.5 7/9/2013 10.6 Tax Matters Agreement by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and each partner set forth in Schedule I, Schedule II and Schedule III thereto 
 10-Q 001-36008 10.6 9/3/2013 10.7 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2013, between Michael S. Frankel, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 10-Q 001-36008 10.8 9/3/2013 10.8 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective June 26, 2017, between Michael S. Frankel, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.2 6/29/2017 10.9 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective May 15, 2020, between Michael S. Frankel, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 5/20/2020 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2013, between Howard Schwimmer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 10-Q 001-36008 10.9 9/3/2013 10.11 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective June 26, 2017, between Howard Schwimmer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.3 6/29/2017 10.12 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective May 15, 2020, between Howard Schwimmer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.2 5/20/2020 10.13 Employment Agreement, effective as of June 26, 2017, between David E. Lanzer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 6/29/2017 10.14 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective May 15, 2020, between David Lanzer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.4 5/20/2020 
 85 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 10.15 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective November 8, 2022, between David E. Lanzer, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.2 11/10/2022 10.16 Employment Agreement, effective July 3, 2020, between Laura Clark, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 7/9/2020 10.17 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective November 8, 2022, between Laura E. Clark, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 11/10/2022 10.18 Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 10-K 001-36008 10.11 3/9/2015 10.19 Form of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. Time-Based LTIP Unit Agreement 
 10-K 001-36008 10.18 2/19/2021 10.20 Form of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. OPP Performance Unit Agreement 
 10-K 001-36008 10.19 2/19/2021 10.21 The Loan Assumption Agreement dated as of November 8, 2013 between Gilbert LaPalma Properties, LLC, and Rexford Industrial-Gilbert LaPalma, LLC, and American Security Insurance Company, as Lender 
 10-K 001-36008 10.20 3/20/2014 10.22 Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2015 among the Rexford Industrial Realty L.P., Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 7/20/2015 10.23 Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2017, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty L.P., Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 7/19/2017 10.24 Second Amendment to Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2017, among Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. 
 10-Q 001-36008 10.3 8/4/2017 10.25 Agreement of Purchase and Sale, dated November 30, 2017, by and between RIF IV Grand, LLC, as Seller, and 6110-6114 Cahuenga Avenue, LLC, as Buyer. 
 10-K 001-36008 10.40 2/21/2018 10.26 First Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and Sale, dated January 2, 2018, by and between RIF IV Grand, LLC, as Seller, and 6110-6114 Cahuenga Avenue, LLC as Buyer. 
 10-Q 001-36008 10.2 5/7/2018 10.27 Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2019, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty L.P., Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 7/19/2019 10.28 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022, among Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and a letter of credit issuer and the other lenders named therein. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 5/27/2022 10.29 First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, among Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and a letter of credit issuer and the other lenders named therein. 
 8-K 001-36008 10.1 7/20/2022 10.30 Second Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2023, among Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and a letter of credit issuer and the other lenders named therein. 
 10-K 001-36008 10.30 2/10/2022 10.31 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and BofA Securities, Inc. and its affiliate. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.1 5/27/2022 10.32 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and BTIG, LLC. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.2 5/27/2022 10.33 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Capital One Securities, Inc. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.3 5/27/2022 10.34 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and CIBC World Markets Corp. and its affiliate. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.4 5/27/2022 10.35 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.5 5/27/2022 10.36 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Jefferies LLC. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.6 5/27/2022 
 86 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 10.37 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and JMP Securities LLC. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.7 5/27/2022 10.38 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and its affiliate. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.8 5/27/2022 10.39 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Mizuho Securities USA LLC and its affiliate. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.9 5/27/2022 10.40 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Regions Securities LLC. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.10 5/27/2022 10.41 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and its affiliate. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.11 5/27/2022 10.42 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Truist Securities, Inc. and its affiliates . 
 8-K 001-36008 1.12 5/27/2022 10.43 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P., and Wells Fargo Securities LLC and its affiliates. 
 8-K 001-36008 1.13 5/27/2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Company 
 22.1 List of Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.3 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.1 The following financial information from Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herein 
 Compensatory plan or arrangement 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 87 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this annual report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. February 10, 2023 /s/ Michael S. Frankel Michael S. Frankel Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 10, 2023 /s/ Howard Schwimmer Howard Schwimmer Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 10, 2023 /s/ Laura E. Clark Laura E. Clark Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 88 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that we, the undersigned officers and directors of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc., hereby severally constitute Michael S. Frankel, Howard Schwimmer and Laura E. Clark, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them, and each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, the Form 10-K filed herewith and any and all amendments to said Form 10-K, and generally to do all such things in our names and in our capacities as officers and directors to enable Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorneys, or any of them, to said Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Michael S. Frankel Co- Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 10, 2023 Michael S. Frankel /s/ Howard Schwimmer Co- Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 10, 2023 Howard Schwimmer /s/ Laura E. Clark Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 10, 2023 Laura E. Clark /s/ Richard Ziman Chairman of the Board February 10, 2023 Richard Ziman /s/ Robert L. Antin Director February 10, 2023 Robert L. Antin /s/ Diana J. Ingram Director February 10, 2023 Diana J. Ingram /s/ Angela L. Kleiman Director February 10, 2023 Angela L. Kleiman /s/ Debra L. Morris Director February 10, 2023 Debra L. Morris /s/ Tyler H. Rose Director February 10, 2023 Tyler H. Rose 

89 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 F-1 

Recognition of acquired real estate - Purchase price accounting Description of the Matter As discussed in Notes 2, 3, and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the acquisition of 61 properties for a total purchase price of 2.4 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022. The transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions, and the purchase prices were allocated to components based on the relative fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. These components include land, buildings and improvements, tenant improvements, intangible assets and liabilities related to above and below market leases, and intangible assets related to in-place leases. The fair value of tangible and intangible assets and liabilities is based on available comparable market information, and estimated cash flow projections that utilize rental rates, discount rates, and capitalization rates. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. 
 
 Auditing the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities involves significant estimation uncertainty due to the judgment used by management in selecting key assumptions based on recent comparable transactions or market information, and the sensitivity of the fair values to changes in assumptions. In particular, the fair value estimates were sensitive to assumptions such as market rental rates, rental growth rates, price of land per square foot, discount rates, and capitalization rates. The allocation of value to the components of properties acquired could have a material effect on the Company s net income due to the differing depreciable and amortizable lives of each component and the classification of the related depreciation or amortization in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for determining and reviewing the key inputs and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities and allocating fair value to the various components. 
 To test the allocation of the acquisition-date fair values, we evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methods used to allocate the purchase price. We performed procedures to assess the key data inputs and assumptions used by management described above, including the completeness and accuracy of the underlying information. We also used our specialists to assist us in evaluating the valuation methods used by management and whether the assumptions utilized were supported by observable market data. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 
 
 February 10, 2023 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a), and our report dated February 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 10, 2023 
 
 F-3 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands - except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Land Buildings and improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Construction in progress Total real estate held for investment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investments in real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Rents and other receivables, net Deferred rent receivable, net Deferred leasing costs, net Deferred loan costs, net Acquired lease intangible assets, net Acquired indefinite-lived intangible Interest rate swap asset Other assets Acquisition related deposits Assets associated with real estate held for sale, net Total Assets LIABILITIES EQUITY Liabilities Notes payable Interest rate swap liability Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Dividends and distributions payable Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net Tenant security deposits Prepaid rents Liabilities associated with real estate held for sale Total Liabilities Equity Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized: 
 series B cumulative redeemable preferred stock, shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 liquidation preference) 
 series C cumulative redeemable preferred stock, shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 liquidation preference) 
 Common Stock, par value per share, authorized and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands - except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUES Rental income Management and leasing services Interest income TOTAL REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES Property expenses General and administrative Depreciation and amortization TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES OTHER EXPENSES Other expenses Interest expense TOTAL EXPENSES Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Gains on sale of real estate NET INCOME Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. Less: preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Less: original issuance costs of redeemed preferred stock ) Less: earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - basic Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): cash flow hedge adjustments ) Comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In thousands - except share data) 
 Preferred Stock Number of Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Issuance of OP Units Issuance of cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units 
 Share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common stock ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends per series A preferred and series B preferred share and per series C preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred unit distributions ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Common unit distributions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Redemption of series A preferred stock 
 ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common stock ) Net income Other comprehensive income Preferred stock dividends per series A preferred share, per series B preferred share and per series C preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred unit distributions ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Common unit distributions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 F-7 

Preferred Stock Number of Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Issuance of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Issuance of OP Units Issuance of cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units 
 Share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common stock ) Acquisition of private REIT - preferred units Net income Other comprehensive income Preferred stock dividends per series B preferred share and per series C preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred unit distributions ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Common unit distributions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of (below) above market lease intangibles, net ) ) ) Impairment of right-of-use asset Loss on extinguishment of debt Gains on sale of real estate ) ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of discount (premium) on notes payable, net Equity based compensation expense Straight-line rent ) ) ) Payments for termination/settlement of interest rate derivatives ) ) ) Amortization related to termination/settlement of interest rate derivatives Change in working capital components: Rents and other receivables ) ) ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Sales-type lease receivable Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Tenant security deposits ) Prepaid rents ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisition of investments in real estate ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Payment for deposits on real estate acquisitions ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Redemption of preferred stock ) Issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from borrowings Repayment of borrowings ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Distributions paid to common unitholders ) ) ) Distributions paid to preferred unitholders ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of capitalized interest of , and for the years December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 
 Supplemental disclosure of noncash transactions: Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Issuance of operating partnership units in connection with acquisition of real estate Issuance of cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units in connection with acquisition of real estate 
 Issuance of cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units in connection with acquisition of real estate 
 Acquisition of private REIT - preferred units Assumption of debt in connection with acquisition of real estate including loan premium Accrual for capital expenditures Accrual of dividends and distributions Lease reclassification from operating lease to sales-type lease: Sales-type lease receivable Investments in real estate, net ) Deferred rent receivable, net ) Deferred leasing costs, net ) Acquired lease intangible assets, net ) Gain on sale recognized due to lease classification 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-9 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 properties with approximately million rentable square feet. 
 The terms us, we, our, and the Company as used in these financial statements refer to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and, unless the context requires otherwise, its subsidiaries (including our Operating Partnership). 
 
 2. 

F-10 

Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 to and exit capitalization rates ranging from to . 
 In determining the fair value of intangible lease assets or liabilities, we also consider Level 3 inputs. Acquired above- and below-market leases are valued based on the present value of the difference between prevailing market rental rates and the in-place rental rates measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases, if applicable. The estimated fair value of acquired in-place at-market tenant leases are the estimated costs that would have been incurred to lease the property to the occupancy level of the property at the date of acquisition. We consider estimated costs such as the value associated with leasing commissions, legal and other costs, as well as the estimated period of time necessary to lease such a property to its occupancy level at the time of its acquisition. In determining the fair value of acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2022, we used an estimated average lease-up period ranging from to . 
 The difference between the fair value and the face value of debt assumed, if any, in connection with an acquisition is recorded as a premium or discount and amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt assumed. The valuation of assumed liabilities are based on our estimate of the current market rates for similar liabilities in effect at the acquisition date. 
 F-11 

million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We capitalized real estate taxes and insurance aggregating million, million, and million and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We capitalized compensation costs for employees who provide construction services of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Real estate, including land, building and land improvements, tenant improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment and intangible lease assets and liabilities are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization, unless circumstances indicate that the cost cannot be recovered, in which case, the carrying value of the property is reduced to estimated fair value as discussed below in our policy with regard to impairment of long-lived assets. We estimate the depreciable portion of our real estate assets and related useful lives in order to record depreciation expense. 
 The values allocated to buildings, site improvements, in-place lease intangibles and tenant improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis using an estimated useful life that typically ranges from - years for buildings, - years for site improvements, and the shorter of the estimated useful life or respective lease term for in-place lease intangibles and tenant improvements. 
 As discussed above in Investments in Real Estate Acquisitions , in connection with property acquisitions, we may acquire leases with rental rates above or below the market rental rates. Such differences are recorded as an acquired lease intangible asset or liability and amortized to rental income over the remaining term of the related leases. 
 Our estimate of the useful life of our assets is evaluated upon acquisition and when circumstances indicate that a change in the useful life has occurred, which requires significant judgment regarding the economic obsolescence of tangible and intangible assets. 
 
 F-12 

million impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of the related ROU asset. The impairment charge is presented in Other expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. See also Note 6 Leases for details. 
 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders and meet the various other requirements imposed by the Code relating to matters such as operating results, asset holdings, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we are generally not subject to corporate-level income tax on the earnings distributed currently to our stockholders that we derive from our activities. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and were unable to avail ourselves of certain savings provisions set forth in the Code, all of our taxable income would be subject to regular federal corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax for taxable years prior to 2018. 
 We own and may acquire direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Code (each, a Subsidiary REIT ). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to us. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to federal income tax, (ii) shares in such Subsidiary REIT would cease to be qualifying assets for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs, and (iii) it is possible that we would fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 
 We are subject to taxation by various state and local jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business or reside. Other than our Subsidiary REIT (a private REIT acquired on July 18, 2022), our non-taxable REIT subsidiaries, including our Operating Partnership, are either partnerships or disregarded entities for federal income tax purposes. Under applicable federal and state income tax rules, the allocated share of net income or loss from disregarded entities and flow-through entities such as partnerships is reportable in the income tax returns of the respective equity holders. Our taxable REIT subsidiary is a C-corporation subject to federal and state income tax. However, it has a cumulative unrecognized net operating loss carryforward. Accordingly, no income tax provision is included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We periodically evaluate our tax positions to determine whether it is more likely than not that such positions would be sustained upon examination by a tax authority for all open tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, based on their technical merits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have not established a liability for uncertain tax positions. 
 F-13 

F-14 

million as a net increase adjustment to rental income and million and million as a net reduction to rental income in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are presented in the balance sheet as a reduction from the carrying value of the debt liability. This offset against the debt liability is treated similarly to a debt discount, which effectively reduces the proceeds of a borrowing. For line of credit arrangements, we present debt issuance costs as an asset and amortize the cost over the term of the line of credit arrangement. See Note 5 Notes Payable for details. 
 F-15 

F-16 

F-17 

3. 
 18455 Figueroa Street Los Angeles - South Bay 24903 Avenue Kearny Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 19475 Gramercy Place Los Angeles - South Bay 14005 Live Oak Avenue Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 13700-13738 Slover Ave (2) 
 San Bernardino - Inland Empire West Meggitt Simi Valley Ventura 21415-21605 Plummer Street Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 1501-1545 Rio Vista Avenue Los Angeles - Central 17011-17027 Central Avenue Los Angeles - South Bay 2843 Benet Road San Diego - North County 14243 Bessemer Street Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 2970 East 50th Street Los Angeles - Central 19900 Plummer Street Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley Long Beach Business Park (3) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 13711 Freeway Drive (4) 
 Los Angeles - Mid-Counties 6245 Providence Way San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 7815 Van Nuys Blvd Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 13535 Larwin Circle Los Angeles - Mid-Counties 1154 Holt Blvd San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 900-920 Allen Avenue Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 1550-1600 Champagne Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 10131 Banana Avenue (2) 
 San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 2020 Central Avenue Los Angeles - South Bay 14200-14220 Arminta Street (5) 
 Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 1172 Holt Blvd San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 1500 Raymond Avenue (4) 
 Orange County - North 2400 Marine Avenue Los Angeles - South Bay 14434-14527 San Pedro Street (4) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 20900 Normandie Avenue Los Angeles - South Bay 15771 Red Hill Avenue Orange County - Airport 14350 Arminta Street Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 29125 Avenue Paine Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 3935-3949 Heritage Oak Court Ventura 620 Anaheim Street Los Angeles - South Bay 400 Rosecrans Avenue (4) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 
 F-18 

6996-7044 Bandini Blvd Los Angeles - Central 4325 Etiwanda Avenue Riverside / San Bernardino - Inland Empire West Merge-West Riverside / San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 6000-6052 6027-6029 Bandini Blvd Los Angeles - Central 3901 Via Oro Avenue Los Angeles - South Bay 15650 Don Julian Road Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 15700 Don Julian Road Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 17000 Gale Avenue Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 17909 17929 Susana Road Los Angeles - South Bay 2880 Ana Street Los Angeles - South Bay 920 Pacific Coast Highway Los Angeles - South Bay 21022 21034 Figueroa Street Los Angeles - South Bay 13301 Main Street Los Angeles - South Bay 20851 Currier Road (4) 
 Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 3131 Harcourt Street 18031 Susana Road Los Angeles - South Bay 14400 Figueroa Street Los Angeles - South Bay 2130-2140 Del Amo Blvd Los Angeles - South Bay 19145 Gramercy Place Los Angeles - South Bay 20455 Reeves Avenue Los Angeles - South Bay 14874 Jurupa Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 10660 Mulberry Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 755 Trademark Circle San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 4500 Azusa Canyon Road Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 7817 Haskell Avenue Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley Total 2022 Property Acquisitions 
 (1) Represents the gross contractual purchase price before credits, prorations, closing costs and other acquisition related costs. Including million of capitalized closing costs and acquisition related costs, the total aggregate initial investment was billion. Each acquisition was funded with available cash on hand unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) Represents acquisition of an industrial outdoor storage site. 
 (3) The acquisition of the Long Beach Business Park was funded through a combination of cash on hand and the issuance of Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. See Note 12 Noncontrolling Interests Preferred Units Series 3 CPOP Units for additional details. 
 (4) Represents acquisition of a current or near-term redevelopment site. 
 (5) On May 25, 2022, we acquired the property located at 14200-14220 Arminta Street for a purchase price of million, exclusive of closing costs. The acquisition was funded through a combination of cash on hand and the issuance of common units of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership valued at million. 
 
 F-19 

5002-5018 Lindsay Court San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 514 East C Street (3) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 17907-18001 Figueroa Street Los Angeles - South Bay 7817 Woodley Avenue (4) 
 Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 8888-8892 Balboa Avenue (2) 
 San Diego - Central 9920-10020 Pioneer Boulevard Los Angeles - Mid-Counties 2553 Garfield Avenue Los Angeles - Central 6655 East 26th Street Los Angeles - Central 560 Main Street Orange County - North 4225 Etiwanda Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 12118 Bloomfield Avenue (2) 
 Los Angeles - Mid-Counties 256 Alondra Boulevard (3) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 19007 Reyes Avenue (2)(3) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 19431 Santa Fe Avenue (3) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 4621 Guasti Road San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 12838 Saticoy Street Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 19951 Mariner Avenue Los Angeles - South Bay East 12th Street Los Angeles - Central 29120 Commerce Center Drive Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 20304 Alameda Street Los Angeles - South Bay 4181 Ruffin Road San Diego - Central 12017 Greenstone Avenue (3) 
 Los Angeles - Mid-Counties 1901 Via Burton (2) 
 Orange County - North 1555 Cucamonga Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 1800 Lomita Boulevard (3) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 8210-8240 Haskell Avenue Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 3100 Lomita Boulevard Los Angeles - South Bay (5) 
 2401-2421 Glassell Street Orange County - North 2390-2444 American Way (2) 
 Orange County - North 500 Dupont Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 1801 St. Andrew Place Orange County - Airport 5772 Jurupa Street San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 2500 Victoria Street (3) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay (6) 
 1010 Belmont Street San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 21515 Western Avenue (2)(7) 
 Los Angeles - South Bay 12027 Greenstone Avenue (3) 
 Los Angeles - Mid-Counties 6027 Eastern Avenue (2) 
 Los Angeles - Central 
 F-20 

14100 Vine Place Los Angeles - Mid Counties 2280 Ward Avenue Ventura - Ventura 20481 Crescent Bay Drive Orange County - South 334 El Encanto Road Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 17031-17037 Green Drive Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 13512 Marlay Avenue San Bernadino - Inland Empire West 14940 Proctor Road Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 2800 Casitas Avenue Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 4240 190th Street Los Angeles - South Bay 2391-2393 Bateman Avenue Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 1168 Sherborn Street San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 3071 Coronado Street (2) 
 Orange County - North 8911 Aviation Blvd Los Angeles - South Bay 1020 Bixby Drive Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley Total 2021 Property Acquisitions 
 (1) Represents the gross contractual purchase price before credits, prorations, closing costs and other acquisition related costs. Including million of capitalized closing costs and acquisition related costs, the total aggregate initial investment was billion. Each acquisition was funded with available cash on hand unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) Represents acquisition of a current or near-term redevelopment site. 
 (3) Represents acquisition of an industrial outdoor storage site. 
 (4) The acquisition of 7817 Woodley Avenue was funded through a combination of cash on hand and the assumption of million of debt. This property is the remaining asset in the Van Nuys Airport Industrial Center Portfolio that we acquired in December 2020. 
 (5) In connection with the acquisition of 3100 Lomita Boulevard, we prepaid an existing loan on the property and incurred a million prepayment fee at closing. The acquisition price in the table above reflects this prepayment fee in addition to the million contractual purchase price. 
 (6) In connection with the acquisition of 2500 Victoria Street, we entered into a long-term sale lease-back agreement with the seller/tenant. At the end of the lease, the tenant will be required to restore the site by removing all above and below ground improvements to prepare the property for subsequent development by us. The acquisition price in the table above reflects the million contractual purchase price plus additional consideration of million, which is payable to the tenant at the end of the lease, subject to the tenant completing its restoration obligations under the lease. The million has been recorded in security deposits in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (7) The acquisition of 21515 Western Avenue was funded through a combination of cash on hand and the assumption of million of debt. 
 F-21 

Buildings and improvements Tenant improvements Acquired lease intangible assets (1) 
 Right of use asset - ground lease (2) 
 Other acquired assets (3) 
 Total assets acquired Liabilities: Acquired lease intangible liabilities (4) 
 Notes payable (5) 
 Deferred rent liability (6) 
 Lease liability - ground lease (2) 
 Other assumed liabilities (3) 
 Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 (1) For the 2022 acquisitions, acquired lease intangible assets are comprised of million of in-place lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years, million of above-market lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years and a million below-market ground lease intangible with an amortization period of years. For the 2021 acquisitions, acquired lease intangible assets are comprised of million of in-place lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years and million of above-market lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years. 
 (2) The ROU asset and lease liability relate to a ground lease that we assumed in March 2022 in connection with the acquisition of 2970 East 50th Street. 
 (3) Includes other working capital assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the time of acquisition. 
 (4) Represents below-market lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years and years, for the 2022 and 2021 acquisitions, respectively. 
 (5) In connection with the acquisition of properties, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we assumed mortgage loans from the sellers. See Note 5 Notes Payable for details. 

F-22 

2021 Dispositions: 14723-14825.25 Oxnard Street Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 6760 Central Avenue, Unit B San Bernardino - Inland Empire East 11529-11547 Tuxford Street Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 5803 Newton Drive San Diego - North 2670-2674 East Walnut Street and 89-91 San Gabriel Boulevard Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley Total 2020 Dispositions: 3927 Oceanic Drive San Diego - North County 121 West 33rd Street San Diego - South County 2700-2722 South Fairview Street (2) 
 Orange County - Airport 6750 Central Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire East Subtotal 1055 Sandhill Avenue Personal Property ) (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Represents the gross contractual sales price before commissions, prorations, credits and other closing costs. 
 (2) Gain recorded reflects (i) a million gain on sale recognized due to lease reclassification from operating lease to sales-type lease, less (ii) approximately million of selling costs/other write-offs related to the disposition. 
 (3) Represents a million loss on disposition of personal property that was originally acquired as part of the acquisition of 1055 Sandhill Avenue and valued at million. The loss is included in the line item Gains on sale of real estate in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

F-23 

Building and improvements Tenant improvements Real estate held for sale Accumulated depreciation ) Real estate held for sale, net Other assets associated with real estate held for sale Total assets associated with real estate held for sale, net Tenant security deposits Other liabilities associated with real estate held for sale Total liabilities associated with real estate held for sale 

4. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) In-place lease intangibles, net Above-market tenant leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Above-market tenant leases, net Below-market ground lease (1) 
 Accumulated amortization (1) 
 ) Below-market ground lease, net Acquired lease intangible assets, net Acquired Lease Intangible Liabilities: Below-market tenant leases ) ) Accumulated accretion Below-market tenant leases, net ) ) Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net ) ) 
 (1) The below-market lease intangible relates to a ground lease that we assumed in March 2022 in connection with the acquisition of 2970 East 50th Street. 
 F-24 

Net below market tenant leases (2) 
 ) ) ) Below-market ground leases (3) 
 
 (1) The amortization of in-place lease intangibles is recorded to depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 
 (2) The amortization of net below market tenant leases is recorded as an increase to rental income in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 
 (3) The amortization of the below-market ground lease is recorded as an increase to property expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 
 ) 2024 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) Thereafter ) Total ) 
 (1) Estimated amounts of amortization will be recorded to depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Estimated amounts of amortization will be recorded as a net increase to rental income in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (3) Estimated amounts of amortization will be recorded as an increase to property expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 

F-25 

5. 
 
 S+ (2) 
 (3) (4) 400M Term Loan S+ (2) 
 (4) 
 150M Term Loan Facility (5) 
 n/a n/a 100M Notes n/a 
 300M Term Loan S+ (2) 
 (6) 
 125M Notes n/a 25M Series 2019A Notes n/a 400M Senior Notes due 2030 n/a 400M Senior Notes due 2031 (green bond) n/a 75M Series 2019B Notes n/a Total Unsecured Debt Secured Debt: 2601-2641 Manhattan Beach Boulevard (7) 
 n/a 60M Term Loan (8) 
 n/a n/a 960-970 Knox Street (7) 
 n/a 7612-7642 Woodwind Drive (7) 
 n/a 11600 Los Nietos Road (7) 
 n/a 60M Term Loan Facility (9) 
 S+ 5160 Richton Street (7) 
 n/a 22895 Eastpark Drive (7) 
 n/a 701-751 Kingshill Place (10) 
 n/a 13943-13955 Balboa Boulevard (7) 
 n/a 2205 126th Street (11) 
 n/a 2410-2420 Santa Fe Avenue (11) 
 n/a 11832-11954 La Cienega Boulevard (7) 
 n/a Gilbert/La Palma (7) 
 n/a 7817 Woodley Avenue (7) 
 n/a 2515 Western Avenue (12) 
 n/a Total Secured Debt Total Unsecured and Secured Debt Less: Unamortized premium/discount and debt issuance costs (13) 
 ) ) Total 
 
 (1) Reflects the contractual interest rate under the terms of each loan as of December 31, 2022 and includes the effect of interest rate swaps that were effective as of December 31, 2022. See footnote (6) below. Excludes the effect of unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized fair market value premiums and discounts. 
 F-26 

million and million unsecured term loans (in each case increased by a SOFR adjustment) plus an applicable margin ranging from to per annum for the unsecured revolving credit facility and to per annum for the million and million unsecured term loans, depending on our investment grade ratings, leverage ratio and sustainability performance metrics, which may change from time to time. These loans are also subject to a SOFR floor. In August 2022, our credit ratings were upgraded by two credit rating agencies and as a result, the applicable margin on the unsecured revolving credit facility was lowered to from and the applicable margin on the million and million unsecured term loans was lowered to from . 
 (3) The unsecured revolving credit facility is subject to an applicable facility fee which is calculated as a percentage of the total lenders commitment amount, regardless of usage. The applicable facility fee ranges from to per annum depending upon our investment grade ratings, leverage ratio and sustainability performance metrics. 
 (4) The unsecured revolving credit facility has -month extensions and the million unsecured term loan has extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 (5) In May 2022, we repaid in full the outstanding principal balance on this unsecured debt. 
 (6) As of December 31, 2022, Term SOFR related to million of our variable rate debt has been effectively fixed through the use of interest rate swaps. Including the impact of these interest rate swaps, the hedged effective interest rate on the million unsecured term loan is . See Note 7 for details related to our interest rate swaps. 
 (7) Fixed monthly payments of interest and principal until maturity as follows: 2601-2641 Manhattan Beach Boulevard ), 960-970 Knox Street ), 7612-7642 Woodwind Drive ), 11600 Los Nietos ), 5160 Richton Street ), 22895 Eastpark Drive ), 13943-13955 Balboa Boulevard ), 11832-11954 La Cienega Boulevard ), Gilbert/La Palma and 7817 Woodley Avenue ). 
 (8) In October 2022, we repaid in full the outstanding principal balance on this secured debt. 
 (9) Loan has interest-only payment terms bearing interest at Term SOFR increased by a SOFR adjustment plus an applicable margin of per annum. The loan is secured by properties and has extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 (10) For 701-751 Kingshill Place, fixed monthly payments of interest only through January 2023, followed by fixed monthly payments of interest and principal until maturity. 
 (11) Fixed monthly payments of interest only. 
 (12) In June 2022, we repaid in full the outstanding principal balance on this secured debt and incurred no penalty for the prepayment in advance of its maturity date of September 1, 2042. 
 (13) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs related to our unsecured revolving credit facility, which are presented in the line item Deferred loan costs, net in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 F-27 

million term loan facility (the 60 Million Term Loan Facility that permits aggregate borrowings of up to million, the total of which we borrowed the same day at closing. The 60 Million Term Loan Facility is secured by properties, matures on , and has one-year extension options available. Interest on the 60 Million Term Loan Facility is generally to be paid based upon, at our option, either (i) Term SOFR increased by a SOFR adjustment plus a margin of per annum, or (ii) the applicable base rate (which is defined as the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the administrative agent s prime rate, and (c) the sum of adjusted Term SOFR plus plus a margin of per annum. 
 On October 27, 2022, we used the proceeds from the 60 Million Term Loan Facility to repay our amortizing million term loan in full, which had a balance of million at the time of repayment. We did not incur any prepayment penalties for repaying in advance of the maturity date of August 1, 2023. In connection with the repayment of the amortizing term loan we wrote off thousand of unamortized debt issuance costs, which is included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On May 26, 2022, we amended our credit agreement, which was comprised of a million unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on February 13, 2024, by entering into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement initially provided for (i) a senior unsecured term loan facility that permits aggregate borrowings of up to million (the 300 Million Term Loan ), all of which was borrowed at closing on May 26, 2022, and (ii) a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolver in the aggregate principal amount of billion. On July 19, 2022, we exercised the accordion option under the Credit Agreement to add a million unsecured term loan (the 400 Million Term Loan and together with the 300 Million Term Loan, the Term Facility ). Subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, we may request additional lender commitments and increase the size of the Credit Agreement by an additional million, which may be comprised of additional revolving commitments under the Revolver, an increase to the Term Facility, additional term loan tranches or any combination of the foregoing. 
 The Revolver is scheduled to mature on May 26, 2026 and has extension options available. The 400 Million Term Loan is scheduled to mature on July 19, 2024 and has extension options available. The 300 Million Term Loan matures on May 26, 2027. 
 Interest on the Credit Agreement is generally to be paid based upon, at our option, either (i) Term SOFR plus the applicable margin; (ii) daily SOFR Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable margin or (iii) the applicable base rate (which is defined as the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the administrative agent s prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus , and (d) one percent )) plus the applicable margin. Additionally, Term SOFR and Daily Simple SOFR will be increased by a SOFR adjustment. The applicable margin for the Term Facility ranges from to per annum for SOFR-based loans and to per annum for base rate loans, depending on our investment grade ratings. The applicable margin for the Revolver ranges from to per annum for SOFR-based loans and to per annum for base rate loans, depending on our investment grade ratings. In addition to the interest payable on amounts outstanding under the Revolver, we are required to pay an applicable credit facility fee on each lender's commitment amount under the Revolver, regardless of usage. The applicable credit facility fee ranges from to per annum, depending on our investment grade ratings. The interest rate under the Credit Agreement is also subject to a favorable leverage-based adjustment if our ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value is less than . 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement features a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable margin and applicable credit facility fee can decrease by and , respectively, or increase by and , respectively, if we meet, or do not meet, certain sustainability performance targets, as applicable. 
 The Revolver and the Term Facility may be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. Amounts borrowed under the Term Facility and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 The Credit Agreement contains usual and customary events of default including defaults in the payment of principal, interest or fees, defaults in compliance with the covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement and other loan documentation, cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness, and bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under the Credit Agreement, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding loans, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, may be declared immediately due and payable. 
 F-28 

million of unamortized debt issuance costs attributable to one of the creditors departing the unsecured revolving credit facility. This write-off is included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 On December 31, 2022, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under the Revolver, leaving billion available for future borrowings. 
 Repayment of 150 Million Term Loan Facility 
 On May 26, 2022, we used a portion of the borrowing proceeds from the 300 Million Term Loan to repay our million unsecured term loan facility (the 150 Million Term Loan in full. We did not incur any prepayment penalties for repaying in advance of the maturity date of May 22, 2025. In connection with the repayment of the 150 Million Term Loan, we wrote off million of unamortized debt issuance costs, which is included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Issuance of 400 Million Notes Due 2031 
 On August 4, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of million of green Senior Notes due 2031 (the 400 Million Notes due 2031 ). The 400 Million Notes due 2031 were issued to the public at of the principal amount, with a coupon rate of . Interest on the 400 Million Notes due 2031 is payable semiannually on the first day of March and September in each year, beginning on March 1, 2022, until maturity on . 
 We may redeem the 400 Million Notes due 2031 at our option and sole discretion, in whole at any time or in part from time to time prior to June 1, 2031 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 400 Million Notes due 2031), at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amount of the 400 Million Notes due 2031 being redeemed; and (ii) a make-whole premium calculated in accordance with the indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on or after June 1, 2031 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 400 Million Notes due 2031), the redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the 400 Million Notes due 2031 being redeemed. 
 Repayment of 225 Million Term Loan Facility 
 On August 9, 2021, we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 400 Million Notes due 2031 to repay our million unsecured term loan facility in full. We did not incur any prepayment penalties for repaying in advance of the maturity date of January 14, 2023. In connection with the repayment of this term loan, we wrote off million of unamortized debt issuance costs, which is included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Assumption of Mortgage Loans 
 On January 27, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of the property located at 7817 Woodley Avenue, we assumed a mortgage loan secured by this property. At the date of acquisition, the assumed loan had a principal balance of million and a fair value of million resulting in an initial net debt premium of million. The mortgage loan bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum. 
 On October 12, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of the property located at 2515 Western Avenue, we assumed a mortgage loan secured by this property. At the date of acquisition, the assumed loan had a principal balance and fair value of million. The mortgage loan bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum. In June 2022, we repaid in full the outstanding principal balance on this mortgage loan. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Credit Agreement, 60 Million Term Loan Facility, our 100.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (the 100 Million Notes ), our 125.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (the 125 Million Notes and our 25 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes and 75 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (together the Series 2019A and 2019B Notes all include a series of financial and other covenants that we must comply with, including the following covenants which are tested on a quarterly basis: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Credit Agreement and 60 Million Term Loan Facility, maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the 100 Million Notes, 125 Million Notes and Series 2019A and 2019B Notes (together the Senior Notes ), maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of total secured recourse debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 F-29 

, and (ii) an amount equal to at least of the net equity proceeds received by the Company after September 30, 2016; 
 Maintaining a ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to fixed charges of at least to 1.0; 
 For the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of total unsecured debt to total unencumbered asset value of not more than ; and 
 For the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of unencumbered NOI (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to unsecured interest expense of at least to 1.00. 
 The 400.0 million of 2.125 Senior Notes due 2030 and 400 Million Notes due 2031 contain the following covenants (as defined in the indentures) that we must comply with: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than ; 
 Maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 Maintaining a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least to 1.0; and 
 Maintaining a ratio of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt of at least to 1.0. 
 The Credit Agreement and Senior Notes also provide that our distributions may not exceed the greater of (i) of our funds from operations or (ii) the amount required for us to qualify and maintain our status as a REIT and avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax in any 12-month period. 
 Subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, 60 Million Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, (i) a default in the payment of any principal or interest, (ii) a default in the payment of certain of our other indebtedness, (iii) a default in compliance with the covenants set forth in the debt agreement, and (iv) bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults, the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding debt will become immediately due and payable. In addition, we are required to maintain at all times a credit rating on the Senior Notes from either S P, Moody s or Fitch. Our credit ratings as of December 31, 2022, were BBB+ from S P, BBB+ from Fitch and Baa2 from Moody s. 
 We were in compliance with all of our quarterly and annual debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 

6. 
 million of rental income related to operating lease payments of which million was for fixed lease payments and million was for variable lease payments. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized million of rental income related to operating lease payments of which million was for fixed lease payments and million was for variable lease payments. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized million of rental income related to operating lease payments of which million was for fixed lease payments and million was for variable lease payments. 
 F-30 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The future minimum base rents in the table above excludes tenant reimbursements of operating expenses, amortization of adjustments for deferred rent receivables and the amortization of above/below-market lease intangibles. 
 Lessor Sales-Type Lease 
 In June 2020, we executed a -year lease for a rentable square foot unit at the property located at 2722 Fairview Street Fairview ). The lease contained an option whereby the tenant could purchase the entire rentable square foot property at a purchase price of million, by executing its purchase option on or before December 10, 2020. 
 On September 9, 2020, the tenant exercised its option to purchase Fairview, which resulted in a change in lease classification from an operating lease to a sales-type lease. As a result of this change in classification, on September 9, 2020, we derecognized the net book value of the property, recorded a sales-type lease receivable of million (measured as the discounted present value of the fixed purchase option price), and recognized a million gain on sale due to lease reclassification. On September 30, 2020, the sale of Fairview closed and we collected the lease receivable and recorded million of selling costs/write-offs, for a total net gain on sale of million. The net proceeds from the sale of Fairview are included in net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Lessee 
 We lease office space as part of conducting our day-to-day business. As of December 31, 2022, our office space leases have remaining lease terms ranging from approximately to with options to renew for an additional term of each. As of December 31, 2022, we also have ground leases, one of which is a lease we assumed in the acquisition of 2970 East 50th Street in March 2022 which has a current remaining lease term of approximately years and additional options to renew. The second ground lease is for a parcel of land that is adjacent to one of our properties and is used as a parking lot. This ground lease has a current remaining term of approximately and additional options to renew. 
 In November 2021, we executed a sublease agreement for one of our leased office spaces as a result of the implementation of a work from home flexibility program in 2021 based on the success of our virtual working environment during the earlier part of the pandemic. The term of the sublease is for a period of three years and 9 months (expiring in September 2025) and has an annual lease payment of approximately million per year. Upon executing the sublease agreement, we reviewed the ROU asset and other assets associated with the original office space lease for recoverability and determined that the total carrying amount of these assets exceeded the undiscounted cash flows generated by the sublease income over the lease term. Accordingly, the carrying value of these assets were written down to fair value and we recorded a million impairment charge for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in Other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, with a corresponding adjustment to Other assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total ROU assets and lease liabilities were approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, total ROU assets and lease liabilities were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 F-31 

Variable lease cost Sublease income ) Total lease cost 
 (1) Amounts are included in General and administrative and Property expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 Year Ended December 31, Other Information (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 Lease Term and Discount Rate December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (1) 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate (2) 
 
 (1) Includes the impact of extension options that we are reasonably certain to exercise. The weighted average remaining lease term as of December 31, 2022 includes the ground lease we assumed in the acquisition of 2970 East 50th Street in March 2022, which has a remaining lease term of approximately years (including the additional renewal options). Excluding this ground lease, the weighted average remaining lease term as of December 31, 2022, is years. 
 (2) Because the rate implicit in each of our leases was not readily determinable, we used our incremental borrowing rate. In determining our incremental borrowing rate for each lease, we considered recent rates on secured borrowings, observable risk-free interest rates and credit spreads correlating to our creditworthiness, the impact of collateralization and the term of each of our lease agreements. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 

F-32 

7. 
 Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap ) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, our interest rate swaps were indexed to 1-month SOFR. As of December 31, 2021, our interest rate swap was indexed to 1-month LIBOR. 
 (2) Represents the notional value of swaps that are effective as of the balance sheet date presented. 
 
 Transactions 
 On July 21, 2022, we executed interest rate swap transactions with an aggregate notional value of million to manage our exposure to changes in Term SOFR related to a portion of our variable-rate debt. These swaps, which became effective commencing on July 27, 2022 and mature on May 26, 2027, currently fix Term SOFR at a weighted average rate of . We have designated these interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges. 
 On May 26, 2022, in conjunction with the repayment of the million term loan facility, we paid million to terminate the interest rate swap that was used to hedge the monthly cash flows associated with million of LIBOR-based variable-rate debt, and which had an unrealized loss balance of million in AOCI at the time of termination. We are amortizing the loss on this transaction from AOCI into interest expense on a straight-line basis over the period beginning from the termination date of the interest rate swap (May 26, 2022) through the original maturity date of the interest rate swap (November 22, 2024). 
 On August 11, 2021, in conjunction with the repayment of the 225.0 million term loan facility, we paid million to terminate interest rate swaps with a combined notional amount of million and a maturity date of January 14, 2022 (the 225 Million Swaps ), that were used to hedge the monthly cash flows associated million of LIBOR-based variable-rate debt, and which had an unrealized loss balance of million in AOCI at the time of termination. We have amortized the loss on this transaction from AOCI into interest expense on a straight-line basis over the period beginning from the termination date of the 225 Million Swaps (August 9, 2021) through the original maturity date of the 225 Million Swaps (January 14, 2022). 
 On July 13, 2021, we executed 10-year treasury rate lock agreements with a combined notional amount of million at a weighted average fixed interest rate of (the T-Locks ), intended to designate as a cash flow hedge against changes in interest rates on anticipated future fixed-rate unsecured borrowings. On August 9, 2021, we settled the T-Locks in connection with the issuance of the 400 Million Notes due 2031 for a payment of million, which is included in the balance of AOCI and is being amortized into interest expense on a straight-line basis over the 10-year term of the hedged transaction. 
 F-33 

) Amount of loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings as Interest expense (1) 
 ) ) ) Total interest expense presented in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded (line item Interest expense 
 (1) Includes amounts that are being amortized from AOCI into interest expense on a straight-line basis related to (i) the T-Locks that were settled in August 2021, (ii) the interest the interest rate swaps that were terminated in November 2020 and August 2021 and for which amounts have been fully reclassified into interest expense as of the original maturity date of each interest rate swap, which was in August 2021 and January 2022, respectively, and (iii) the interest rate swap that was terminated in May 2022, as discussed above. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that approximately million of net unrealized gains will be reclassified from AOCI into earnings as a net decrease to interest expense over the next twelve months. 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 Certain of our agreements with our derivative counterparties contain a provision where if we default on any of our indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender within a specified time period, then we could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. 
 Certain of our agreements with our derivative counterparties contain provisions where if a merger or acquisition occurs that materially changes our creditworthiness in an adverse manner, we may be required to fully collateralize our obligations under the derivative instrument. 

8. 
 F-34 

December 31, 2021 Interest Rate Swap Liability ) ) 
 Financial Instruments Disclosed at Fair Value 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, rents and other receivables, other assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and tenant security deposits approximate fair value because of their short-term nature. 
 The fair value of our notes payable was estimated by calculating the present value of principal and interest payments, using discount rates that best reflect current market rates for financings with similar characteristics and credit quality, and assuming each loan is outstanding through its respective contractual maturity date. 
 December 31, 2021 

F-35 

9. 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in management and leasing services revenue. 

10. 
 million for tenant improvement and construction work under the terms of leases with certain of our tenants and contractual agreements with our construction vendors. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 We have deposited cash with financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to per institution. Although we have deposits at institutions in excess of federally insured limits as of December 31, 2022, we do not believe we are exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the institutions in which those deposits are held. 
 Concentration of Properties in Southern California 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of our properties are located in the Southern California, which may expose us to risks associated with the economic, regulatory and social factors affecting the markets in which we operate. 
 Tenant Concentration 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, single tenant accounted for more than of our total consolidated rental income. 

F-36 

11. 
 
 Series C September 20, 2024 Total Preferred Shares 
 Dividends on our Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of March, June, September and December of each year. Our Preferred Stock has no stated maturity dates and is not subject to mandatory redemption or any sinking funds. The holders of our Preferred Stock rank senior to the holders of our common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up of its affairs. The holders of our Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights except for limited voting rights if we fail to pay dividends for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive). Upon the occurrence of a specified change of control transaction, we may, at our option, redeem each series of Preferred Stock in whole or in part within 120 days after the change of control occurred, by paying per share in cash, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions through the date of redemption. If we do not exercise our right to redeem the Preferred Stock, upon the occurrence of a specified change of control transaction, the holders of our Preferred Stock have the right to convert some or all of their shares into a number of the Company s common shares equivalent to plus accrued and unpaid dividends, divided by the average closing price per share of the Company s common stock for the 10 trading days preceding the date of the change of control, but not to exceed a certain capped number of shares of common stock per share of Preferred Stock, subject to certain adjustments. 
 Redemption of Series A Preferred Stock 
 On August 16, 2021 (the Redemption Date ), we redeemed all shares of our Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ). The redemption price for the Series A Preferred Stock was equal to per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on such shares up to but not including the Redemption Date, in an amount equal to per share, for a total payment of per share, or million. In connection with the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock on August 16, 2021, we incurred an associated non-cash charge of million as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders for the related original issuance costs. 
 Common Stock 
 ATM Programs 
 On May 27, 2022, we established an at-the-market equity offering program ATM program pursuant to which we are able to sell from time to time shares of our common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to billion (the Current 2022 ATM Program ). The Current 2022 ATM Program replaces our previous million ATM program, which was established on January 13, 2022, under which we had sold shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of million through May 27, 2022. In addition, we previously established a million ATM program on November 9, 2020, under which we had sold shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of million through January 13, 2022, and a million ATM program on June 13, 2019, under which we had sold shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of million through November 9, 2020. 
 In connection with the ATM programs established since 2020, we may sell shares of our common stock directly through sales agents or we may enter into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers whereby, at our discretion, the forward purchasers may borrow and sell shares of our common stock under our ATM programs. The use of a forward equity sale agreement allows us to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of our common stock at the time the agreement is executed but defer settling the forward equity sale agreements and receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. Additionally, the forward price that we expect to receive upon physical settlement of an agreement will be subject to adjustment for (i) a floating interest rate factor equal to a specified daily rate less a spread, (ii) the forward purchaser s stock borrowing costs and (iii) scheduled dividends during the term of the agreement. 
 F-37 

shares of our common stock under our ATM programs at a weighted average price of per share, for gross proceeds of million, and net proceeds of million, after deducting the sales agents fees. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we directly sold a total of shares of our common stock under our ATM programs, at a weighted average price of per share, for gross proceeds of million, and net proceeds of million, after deducting the sales agents fee. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers under our ATM programs with respect to shares of common stock at a weighted average initial forward price of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers under our ATM programs with respect to shares of our common stock at a weighted average initial forward price of per share. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchasers at the time we entered into forward equity sale agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we did not enter into any forward equity sale agreements under our ATM programs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we physically settled a portion of the 2022 forward equity sale agreements and the outstanding forward equity sale agreement from 2021 by issuing shares of our common stock for net proceeds of billion, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we physically settled a portion of the 2021 forward equity sale agreements by issuing shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had shares of common stock, or approximately million of forward net proceeds remaining for settlement to occur before the fourth quarter of 2023, based on forward sales of per share. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of common stock remains available to be sold under the Current 2022 ATM Program. Future sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors, including among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, determinations by us of the appropriate sources of funding for us and potential uses of funding available to us. 
 2022 Forward Equity Offering 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers in connection with an underwritten public offering of shares of common stock, including shares related to the partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at an initial forward price of per share (the 2022 Forward Offering Sale Agreements ), pursuant to which, the forward purchasers borrowed and sold an aggregate of shares of common stock in the offering. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchasers at the time of the offering. 
 In December 2022, we partially settled the 2022 Forward Offering Sale Agreements by issuing shares of common stock for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had shares of common stock, or approximately million of forward net proceeds remaining for settlement to occur by May 2024, based on a forward price of per share. 
 May 2021 Forward Equity Offering 
 On May 24, 2021, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers in connection with an underwritten public offering of shares of common stock at an initial forward price of per share (the May 2021 Forward Sale Agreements ), pursuant to which, the forward purchasers borrowed and sold an aggregate of shares of common stock in the offering. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchasers at the time of the offering. 
 In June 2021, we partially settled the May 2021 Forward Sale Agreements by issuing shares of common stock for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. 
 In September 2021, we settled the remaining shares under the May 2021 Forward Sale Agreements by issuing shares of common stock for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. 
 F-38 

shares of common stock in which we (i) issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to the underwriters at a purchase price of per share for proceeds of million, and (ii) entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers for shares of common stock at an initial forward price of per share (the September 2021 Forward Sale Agreements ), pursuant to which the forward purchasers borrowed and sold an aggregate of shares of common stock in the offering. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchasers at the time of the offering. 
 In December 2021, we fully settled the September 2021 Forward Sale Agreements by issuing shares of common stock for net proceeds of million, based on a forward price of per share at settlement. 
 2020 Offerings 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of shares of our common stock, including the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase shares of our common stock, at a price to the underwriters of per share, for net proceeds of approximately million after deducting offering costs. We contributed the net proceeds of the offering to our Operating Partnership in exchange for common units of partnership interests in the Operating Partnership. 
 In December 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of shares of our common stock, including the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase shares of our common stock, at a price to the underwriters of per share, for net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting offering costs. We contributed the net proceeds of the offering to our Operating Partnership in exchange for common units of partnership interests in the Operating Partnership. 
 Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Less: other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - ending balance ) 
 (1) Amounts include million and million reclassifications from AOCI into interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to terminated swaps. See Note 7 Interest Rate Derivatives for additional information. 
 Dividends 
 Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of dividends to stockholders, may differ from income reported for financial reporting purposes due to the differences for federal income tax purposes in the treatment of loss on extinguishment of debt, revenue recognition and compensation expense and in the basis of depreciable assets and estimated useful lives used to compute depreciation expense. 
 F-39 

Total 
 Series A Preferred Stock Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Ordinary Income Total 
 Series B Preferred Stock Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Ordinary Income Total 
 Series C Preferred Stock Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Ordinary Income Total 

12. 
 OP Units, fully-vested LTIP units and fully-vested performance units which represented approximately of our Operating Partnership. OP Units and shares of our common stock have essentially the same economic characteristics, as they share equally in the total net income or loss distributions of our Operating Partnership. Investors who own OP Units have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to redeem any or all of their units in our Operating Partnership for an amount of cash per unit equal to the then current market value of one share of common stock, or, at our election, shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. See Note 13 Incentive Award Plan for a description of LTIP units and Performance Units. 
 Activity 
 On May 25, 2022, we acquired the property located at 14200-14220 Arminta Street for a purchase price of million. As partial consideration for the property, we issued the seller OP Units valued at million. 
 On March 5, 2020, we acquired industrial properties and on June 19, 2020, we acquired additional property, from a group of sellers that were not affiliated with the Company for an aggregate purchase price of million. As partial consideration for the acquisition of these properties, we issued the sellers OP Units, valued at million. 
 On November 17, 2020, we acquired the property located at 13943-13955 Balboa Boulevard for a purchase price of million. As partial consideration for the property, we issued the seller OP Units valued at million. 
 On December 31, 2020, we acquired a portfolio of properties for an aggregate purchase price of million. As consideration for the portfolio, we issued the seller OP Units. 
 F-40 

, and OP Units, respectively, in exchange for issuing to the holders of the OP Units an equal number of shares of our common stock, resulting in the reclassification of million, million, and million, respectively, from noncontrolling interests to total stockholders equity. 
 Preferred Units 
 Series 3 CPOP Units 
 On March 17, 2022, we acquired an industrial business park located in Long Beach, California for a contractual purchase price of approximately million. In consideration for the property, we (i) paid approximately million in cash and (ii) issued the seller newly issued cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership Series 3 CPOP Units ), valued at million. 
 Holders of Series 3 CPOP Units, when and as authorized by the Company as general partner of the Operating Partnership, are entitled to cumulative cash distributions at the rate of per annum of the per unit liquidation preference, payable quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of March, June, September and December of each year, beginning on March 31, 2022. The holders of Series 3 CPOP Units are entitled to receive the liquidation preference, which is per unit or approximately million in the aggregate for all of the Series 3 CPOP Units, before the holders of OP Units in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Operating Partnership. 
 Series 2 CPOP Units 
 On March 5, 2020, as partial consideration for the acquisition of the Properties, we issued the Sellers newly issued cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (the Series 2 CPOP Units ), valued at million. 
 Holders of Series 2 CPOP Units, when and as authorized by the Company as general partner of the Operating Partnership, are entitled to cumulative cash distributions at the rate of per annum of the per unit liquidation preference, payable quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of March, June, September and December of each year, beginning on March 31, 2020. The holders of Series 2 CPOP Units are entitled to receive the liquidation preference, which is per unit or approximately million in the aggregate for all of the Series 2 CPOP Units, before the holders of OP Units are entitled to receive distributions in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Operating Partnership. 
 Series 1 CPOP Units 
 As of December 31, 2022, we also have cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership Series 1 CPOP Units outstanding. 
 Holders of Series 1 CPOP Units, when and as authorized by the Company as general partner of the Operating Partnership, are entitled to cumulative cash distributions at the rate of per annum of the per unit liquidation preference, payable quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of March, June, September and December of each year, beginning on June 28, 2019. The holders of Series 1 CPOP Units are entitled to receive the liquidation preference, which is per unit or approximately million in the aggregate for all of the Series 1 CPOP Units, before the holders of OP Units in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Operating Partnership. 
 Features of Series 1, Series 2 and Series 3 CPOP Units 
 The Series 1 CPOP Units, Series 2 CPOP Units and the Series 3 CPOP Units (together, the CPOP Units are convertible (i) at the option of the holder anytime from time to time (the Holder Conversion Right ), or (ii) at the option of the Operating Partnership, at any time on or after April 10, 2024 for the Series 1 CPOP Unit, at any time on or after March 5, 2025 for the Series 2 CPOP Unit, and at any time on or after March 17, 2027 for the Series 3 CPOP Unit (the Company Conversion Right ), in each case, into OP Units on a one-for-one basis per Series 1 CPOP Unit, into OP Unit per Series 2 CPOP Unit and into OP Units on a one-for-one basis per Series 3 CPOP Unit. As noted above, investors who own OP Units have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to redeem any or all of their units in our Operating Partnership for an amount of cash per unit equal to the then current market value of one share of common stock, or, at our election, shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis (the Subsequent Redemption Right ). 
 F-41 

series B cumulative redeemable preferred units and series C cumulative redeemable preferred units and with any future class or series of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership expressly designated as ranking on parity with the CPOP Units, and junior to any other class or series of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership expressly designated as ranking senior to the CPOP Units. 
 Pursuant to relevant accounting guidance, we analyzed the CPOP Units for any embedded derivatives that should be bifurcated and accounted for separately and also considered the conditions that would require classification of the CPOP Units in temporary equity versus permanent equity. In carrying out our analyses, we evaluated the key features of the CPOP Units including the right to discretionary distributions, the Holder Conversion Right, the Company Conversion Right and the Subsequent Redemption Right to determine whether we control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the share settlement if the CPOP Units are converted into shares of our common stock (subsequent to conversion into OP Units). Based on the results of our analyses, we concluded that (i) none of the embedded features of the CPOP Units require bifurcation and separate accounting, and (ii) the CPOP Units met the criteria to be classified within equity, and accordingly are presented as noncontrolling interests within permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Private REIT Preferred Units 
 units of cumulative redeemable non-voting preferred units (the private REIT units outstanding that are held by unaffiliated third parties. Pursuant to the REIT purchase agreement and corresponding tax indemnification agreement, we have the obligation to maintain the REIT through February 3, 2023, which would prevent us from redeeming the private REIT units until that time. Upon redemption, the private REIT units have a redemption price equal to per unit, or an aggregate price of , plus any distributions thereon that have accrued but have not been paid at the time of such redemption (the liquidation preference ), plus a redemption premium of per unit if redeemed on or before December 31, 2024. The private REIT units have been classified as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets and have a balance equal to the liquidation preference. 

13. 
 shares of common stock, LTIP units, Performance Units and other stock based awards remain available for issuance under the Plan. Shares and units granted under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or units, or, if authorized by the board of directors, shares purchased in the open market. If an award under the Plan is forfeited, expires, or is settled for cash, any shares or units subject to such award will generally be available for future awards. 
 LTIP Units and Performance Units 
 LTIP units and Performance Units are each a class of limited partnership units in the Operating Partnership. Initially, LTIP units and Performance Units do not have full parity with OP Units with respect to liquidating distributions. However, upon the occurrence of certain events more fully described in the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement book-up events ), the LTIP units and Performance Units can over time achieve full parity with OP Units for all purposes. If such parity is reached, vested LTIP units and vested Performance Units may be converted into an equal number of OP Units, and, upon conversion, enjoy all rights of OP Units. Performance Units that have not vested receive a quarterly per-unit distribution equal to of the per-unit distribution paid on OP Units. Vested Performance Units and LTIP units, whether vested or not, receive the same quarterly per-unit distributions as OP Units, which equal the per-share distributions on shares of our common stock. 
 F-42 

, , and LTIP units that are subject to time-based vesting conditions (each an annual LTIP Award and a combined , , and Performance Units that are partially subject to market-based vesting conditions and partially subject to performance-based vesting conditions (each an annual Performance Award ). 
 2022, 2021 and 2020 LTIP Unit Awards 
 Each of the 2022, 2021 and 2020 LTIP Awards are scheduled to vest one-third in equal installments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. Each award is subject to each executive s continued employment through the applicable vesting date, and subject to earlier vesting upon certain termination of employment or a change in control event, as described in the award agreements. Compensation expense is recognized using the accelerated expense attribution method, with each vesting tranche valued as a separate award. The total grant date fair value of each annual LTIP award is based on the Company s most recent closing stock price preceding the grant and the application of a discount for post-vesting restrictions and uncertainty regarding the occurrence and timing of book-up events. 
 Discount for post-vesting restrictions and book-up events Grant date fair value (in thousands) 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 2022, 2021 and 2020 Performance Unit Award s 
 Each of the 2022 , 2021 and 2020 Performance Awards are comprised of a number of units designated as base units and a number of units designated as distribution equivalents, which are further described below: 
 Absolute TSR Base Units - base units that will vest based on varying levels of the Company s total shareholder return TSR over the performance period of an award. TSR is measured as the appreciation in the price per share of a company s common stock plus dividends paid during the performance period, assuming the reinvestment in common stock of all dividends paid during the performance period. 
 Relative TSR Base Units - base units that will vest based on the Company s TSR as compared to the TSR percentage of a selected peer group of companies over the performance period. 
 FFO Per-Share Base Units - base units that will vest based on the Company s FFO per share growth over the performance period. 
 F-43 

of the distributions paid on OP units. The remaining of the distributions will accrue (assuming the reinvestment in common stock of these distributions) during the performance period and a portion will be paid out as distribution equivalent units based upon the number of base units that ultimately vest. 
 
 2021 Performance Award 2020 Performance Award 
 (1) For each Performance Award, a number of the base units are designated as Absolute TSR Base Units and Relative TSR Base Units (combined, a Market Performance Award and a number of units are designated as FFO Per-Share Base Units (each an FFO Per-Share Award ). 

If the Company s TSR percentage, peer group relative performance or FFO per share growth falls between the levels specified in the tables above, the percentage of Absolute TSR Base Units, Relative TSR Base Units and FFO Per-Share Base Units that vest will be determined using straight-line interpolation between such levels. 
 F-44 

portion of the distribution expected to be paid during the performance period, and (3) the present value of the distribution equivalent units expected to be awarded at the end of the three-year performance period. The grant date fair value of each of these awards was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model, which uses 100,000 trial simulations, to estimate the probability that the market conditions, TSR on both an absolute and relative basis, will be achieved over the three-year performance period. 
 
 Expected share price volatility for peer group companies - low end of range (1) 
 Expected share price volatility for peer group companies - high end of range (1) 
 Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Grant date fair value (in thousands) 
 and , respectively. For the 2021 Market Performance Award, the median and average expected share price volatilities for the peer group companies are and , respectively. For the 2020 Market Performance Award, the median and average expected share price volatilities for the peer group companies are and , respectively. 
 The expected share price volatilities are based on a mix of the historical and implied volatilities of the Company and the peer group companies. The expected dividend yield is based on our average historical dividend yield and our dividend yield as of the valuation date for each award. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury note yields matching the three-year time period of the performance period. 
 Compensation cost for the awards with market-based vesting conditions is recognized ratably over the requisite service period, regardless of whether the TSR performance levels are achieved and any awards ultimately vest. Compensation expense will only be reversed if the holder of an award with market-based vesting conditions forfeits the award by leaving the employment of the Company prior to vesting. 
 Fair Value of Awards with Performance-Based Vesting Conditions 
 The grant date fair value of the 2022 FFO Per-Share Award is million, which is based on the Company s closing stock price on the grant date on November 8, 2022) and the achievement of FFO per-share performance at the target level. The grant date fair value of the 2021 FFO Per-Share Award is million, which is based on the Company s closing stock price on the grant date on December 23, 2021) and the achievement of FFO per-share performance at the target level. The grant date fair value of the 2020 FFO Per-Share Award is million, which is based on the Company s closing stock price preceding the grant date on December 22, 2020) and the achievement of FFO per-share performance at the target level. 
 Compensation cost for the 2022 , 2021 and 2020 FFO Per-Share Awards will reflect the number of units that are expected to vest based on the probable outcome of the performance condition and will be adjusted to reflect those units that ultimately vest at the end of the three-year performance period. 
 2019, 2018 and 2017 Performance Award Vestings 
 On December 31, 2022, the performance period for the 2019 performance award ended and it was determined that the Company s TSR percentage was achieved above the target level and the TSR peer group relative performance and FFO 
 F-45 

Performance Units were earned and vested. 
 On December 31, 2021, the performance period for the 2018 performance award ended and it was determined that both the Company s TSR percentage and peer group relative performance exceeded the maximum level. Based on these results, the compensation committee certified that Performance Units were earned and vested. 
 On December 14, 2020, the performance period for the 2017 performance award ended and it was determined that both the Company s TSR percentage and peer group relative performance exceeded the maximum level. Based on these results, the compensation committee certified that vested Performance Units were earned and vested. 
 Restricted Common Stock 
 The compensation committee has periodically awarded grants of restricted common stock to various employees of the Company typically other than NEOs, for the purpose of attracting or retaining the services of these key individuals. These grants typically vest in equal, annual installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the employee s continued service. Shares of our restricted common stock are participating securities and have full voting rights and nonforfeitable rights to dividends. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted , and shares, respectively, of restricted common stock to non-executive employees. The grant date fair value of these awards was million, million and million based on the closing share price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, which ranged from and per share, to per share and to per share, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In accordance with the Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, each year on the date of the annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, we grant shares of restricted common stock to each of our non-employee directors who are re-elected for another year of service. These awards vest on the earlier of (i) the date of the annual meeting of the Company s stockholders next following the grant date and (ii) the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to each non-employee director s continued service. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, each of our non-employee directors were granted , and shares of restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of , and based on the , and closing share price, respectively, of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested (1)(2) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Granted Forfeited ) Vested (1)(2) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Vested (1)(2) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) The total fair value of vested shares, which is calculated as the number of shares vested multiplied by the closing share price of the Company s common stock on the vesting date, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 , and shares of common stock that were tendered by employees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to satisfy minimum statutory tax withholding requirements associated with the vesting of restricted shares of common stock. 
 F-46 

Capitalized share-based compensation (2) 
 Total share-based compensation 
 (1) Amounts expensed are included in General and administrative and Property expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Messrs. Schwimmer and Frankel s elected to receive their annual bonuses partly in cash and partly in LTIP units. Accordingly, on January 17, 2023, January 18, 2022 and January 27, 2021, at the same time the cash annual bonuses were paid to executives, Messrs. Schwimmer and Frankel were each granted , and fully-vested LTIP Units for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes million, million and million, respectively, for the portion of Messrs. Schwimmer and Frankel s accrued bonuses that were settled with these fully-vested LTIP Units. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to all unvested share-based awards was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of months. 

14. 
 Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Less: Original issuance costs of redeemed preferred stock ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to participating securities ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Earnings per share - Basic Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per share - Diluted Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends, whether paid or unpaid, are accounted for as participating securities. As such, unvested shares of restricted stock, unvested LTIP Units and unvested Performance Units are considered participating securities. Participating securities are included in the computation of basic EPS 
 F-47 

performance period, are included as contingently issuable shares in the calculation of diluted EPS when TSR and/or FFO per share growth has been achieved at or above the threshold levels specified in the award agreements, assuming the reporting period is the end of the performance period, and the effect is dilutive. 
 Shares issuable under forward equity sale agreements during the period prior to settlement are reflected in our calculation of weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted using the treasury stock method as the impact was dilutive for the periods presented above. 
 We also consider the effect of other potentially dilutive securities, including the CPOP Units and OP Units, which may be redeemed for shares of our common stock under certain circumstances, and include them in our computation of diluted EPS under the if-converted method when their inclusion is dilutive. These units were not dilutive for the periods presented above. 

15. 
 10545 Production Avenue San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 1/30/2023 Total 
 (1) Represents the gross contractual purchase price before credits, prorations, closing costs and other acquisition related costs. 
 
 Dividends Declared 
 
 OP Units Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 
 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 
 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 

Partial Settlement of 2022 Forward Offering Sale Agreements 
 shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. 
 F-48 

(4) 
 ) 300 South Lewis Road (4) 
 ) 1400 South Shamrock Ave. ) 2220-2260 Camino del Sol (4) 
 ) 14250-14278 Valley Blvd. ) 2300-2386 East Walnut Ave. (4) 
 ) 15140 15148 Bledsoe St., 13065 - 13081 Bradley Ave. ) 28340 - 28400 Avenue Crocker ) 21-29 West Easy St. ) 10439-10477 Roselle St. ) 2575 Pioneer Ave. ) 9641 - 9657 Santa Fe Springs Rd. ) 15715 Arrow Highway (4) 
 ) 2431-2465 Impala Dr. ) 6200 6300 Yarrow Dr. ) 6231 6241 Yarrow Dr. ) 9160 - 9220 Cleveland Ave., 10860 6th St. ) 18118-18120 S. Broadway St. ) 901 W. Alameda Ave. ) 1938-1946 E. 46th St. ) 9220-9268 Hall Rd. ) 
 F-49 

) 3720-3750 W. Warner Ave. ) 6750 Unit C - 6780 Central Ave. ) 1050 Arroyo Ave. ) 600-650 South Grand Ave. ) 121-125 N. Vinedo Ave. ) 3441 West MacArthur Blvd. ) 6701 6711 Odessa Ave. ) 10700 Jersey Blvd. ) 15705, 15709 Arrow Highway 5220 Fourth St. ) 20920-20950 Normandie Ave. ) 14944, 14946, 14948 Shoemaker Ave. ) 6423-6431 6407-6119 Alondra Blvd. ) 1400 S. Campus Ave. ) 15041 Calvert St. ) 701 Del Norte Blvd. ) 3350 Tyburn St., 3332, 3334, 3360, 3368, 3370, 3378, 3380, 3410, 3424 N. San Fernando Rd. ) 1661 240th St. ) 8101-8117 Orion Ave. ) 18310-18330 Oxnard St. ) 1100-1170 Gilbert St. 2353-2373 La Palma Ave. ) 280 Bonita Ave., 2743 Thompson Creek Rd. ) 
 F-50 

(4) 
 ) 10635 Vanowen St. ) 7110 Rosecrans Ave. ) 845, 855, 865 S Milliken Ave 4317, 4319 Santa Ana St. ) 1500-1510 W. 228th St. ) 24105 Frampton Ave. ) 1700 Saturn Way ) 2980 2990 N San Fernando Road ) 20531 Crescent Bay Dr. ) 2610 2701 S. Birch Street ) 710 South Dupont Avenue 4051 Santa Ana Street ) 9755 Distribution Ave. ) 9855 Distribution Ave ) 9340 Cabot Drive ) 9404 Cabot Drive ) 9455 Cabot Drive ) 14955-14971 E Salt Lake Ave ) 5235 East Hunter Ave. ) 3880 West Valley Blvd. ) 1601 Alton Pkwy. ) 3116 W. Avenue 32 ) 21040 Nordoff Street; 9035 Independence Avenue; 21019 - 21045 Osborne Street ) 24935 24955 Avenue Kearny ) 
 F-51 

) 9120 Mason Ave. ) 7900 Nelson Rd. ) 679-691 S Anderson St. ) 10509 Business Drive ) 13231 Slover Avenue ) 240 W Ivy Avenue ) 3000 Paseo Mercado, 3120-3150 Paseo Mercado ) 1800 Eastman Ave. ) 2360-2364 E. Sturgis Road ) 201 Rice Ave. 2400-2420 Celsius ) 11120, 11160, 11200 Hindry Ave ) 6970-7170 7310-7374 Convoy Ct. ) 12907 Imperial Highway ) 8902-8940 Activity Road ) 1210 N Red Gum St. ) 9615 Norwalk Blvd. ) 16221 Arthur St. ) 2588 2605 Industry Way ) 425 S. Hacienda Blvd. ) 6700 S Alameda St. ) 12720-12860 Danielson Ct. ) 10950 Norwalk Blvd 12241 Lakeland Rd. ) 610-760 W Hueneme Rd. 5651-5721 Perkins Rd. ) 
 F-52 

) 6020 Sheila St. ) 9805 6th St. ) 16321 Arrow Hwy. ) 601-605 S. Milliken Ave. ) 1065 E. Walnut Ave. ) 12247 Lakeland Rd. ) 17311 Nichols Lane ) 8525 Camino Santa Fe ) 28454 Livingston Avenue ) 20 Icon ) 16425 Gale Avenue ) 12131 Western Avenue ) 9 Holland ) 15996 Jurupa Avenue ) 11127 Catawba Avenue ) 13550 Stowe Drive ) 10750-10826 Lower Azusa Road ) 525 Park Avenue ) 3233 Mission Oaks Blvd. ) 1600 Orangethorpe Ave. 1335-1375 Acacia Ave. ) 14742-14750 Nelson Avenue ) 301-445 Figueroa Street ) 12320 4th Street ) 
 F-53 

) 28903-28903 Avenue Paine ) 2390 Ward Avenue ) Safari Business Center (5) 
 ) 4175 Conant Street ) 5421 Argosy Avenue ) 14820-14830 Carmenita Road ) 3002-3072 Inland Empire Blvd. ) 17000 Kingsview Avenue 800 Sandhill Avenue ) 2301-2329, 2331-2359, 2361-2399, 2370-2398 2332-2366 E. Pacifica Place; 20001-20021 Rancho Way ) 11190 White Birch Drive ) 4832-4850 Azusa Canyon Road ) 1825 Soto Street ) 19402 Susana Road ) 13225 Western Avenue ) 15401 Figueroa Street ) 8542 Slauson Avenue ) 687 Eucalyptus Avenue ) 302 Rockefeller Avenue ) 4355 Brickell Street ) 12622-12632 Monarch Street ) 
 F-54 

) 13971 Norton Avenue ) 1900 Proforma Avenue ) 16010 Shoemaker Avenue ) 4039 Calle Platino ) 851 Lawrence Drive ) 1581 North Main Street ) 1580 West Carson Street ) 660 664 North Twin Oaks Valley Road ) 1190 Stanford Court ) 5300 Sheila Street ) 15777 Gateway Circle ) 1998 Surveyor Avenue ) 3100 Fujita Street ) 4416 Azusa Canyon Road ) 1420 McKinley Avenue ) 12154 Montague Street ) 10747 Norwalk Boulevard ) 29003 Avenue Sherman ) 16121 Carmenita Road ) 1332-1340 Rocky Point Drive ) 6131-6133 Innovation Way ) 263-321 Gardena Boulevard ) 9200 Mason Avenue ) 9230 Mason Avenue ) 9250 Mason Avenue ) 9171 Oso Avenue ) 5593-5595 Fresca Drive ) 
 F-55 

) 14421-14441 Bonelli Street ) 12821 Knott Street 28510 Industry Drive ) Conejo Spectrum Business Park ) 2455 Ash Street ) 25413 Rye Canyon Road ) 1515 15th Street ) 13890 Nelson Avenue ) 445-449 Freedom Avenue ) 2270 Camino Vida Roble ) 980 Rancheros Drive ) 1145 Arroyo Avenue ) 1150 Aviation Place ) 1175 Aviation Place ) 1245 Aviation Place ) 635 8th Street ) 10015 Waples Court ) 19100 Susana Road ) 15385 Oxnard Street ) 9750-9770 San Fernando Road ) 218 S. Turnbull Canyon ) Limonite Ave. Archibald Ave. ) 
 F-56 

) ) 5725 Eastgate Drive ) 18115 Main Street ) 3150 Ana Street ) 1402 Avenida Del Oro ) 9607-9623 Imperial Highway ) 12200 Bellflower Boulevard ) Storm Parkway ) 2328 Teller Road ) 6277-6289 Slauson Avenue ) 750 Manville Street ) 8985 Crestmar Point ) 404-430 Berry Way ) 415-435 Motor Avenue ) 508 East E Street ) 12752-12822 Monarch Street ) 1601 Mission Blvd. ) 2757 Del Amo Blvd. ) 18250 Euclid Street ) 701-751 Kingshill Place ) 2601-2641 Manhattan Beach Blvd ) 2410-2420 Santa Fe Avenue ) 11600 Los Nietos Road ) 5160 Richton Street ) 2205 126th Street ) 
 F-57 

) 7612-7642 Woodwind Drive ) 960-970 Knox Street ) 25781 Atlantic Ocean Drive ) 720-750 Vernon Avenue ) 6687 Flotilla Street ) 1055 Sandhill Avenue 22895 Eastpark Drive ) 8745-8775 Production Avenue ) 15850 Slover Avenue ) 15650-15700 Avalon Blvd ) 11308-11350 Penrose Street ) 11076-11078 Fleetwood Street ) 12133 Greenstone Avenue ) 12772 San Fernando Road ) 15601 Avalon Blvd Gateway Pointe ) 13943-13955 Balboa Blvd ) Van Nuys Airport Industrial Center ) 4039 State Street ) 10156 Live Oak Avenue ) 10694 Tamarind Avenue ) 2520 Baseline Road ) 12211 Greenstone Avenue ) N/A East 27th Street ) 2750 Alameda Street ) 29010 Avenue Paine ) 
 F-58 

) 13369 Valley Blvd ) 6635 Caballero Blvd ) 1235 South Lewis Street ) 15010 Don Julian Road ) 5002-5018 Lindsay Court ) 514 East C Street ) 17907-18001 Figueroa Street ) 7817 Woodley Avenue ) 8888-8992 Balboa Avenue ) 9920-10020 Pioneer Blvd 2553 Garfield Avenue ) 6655 East 26th Street ) 560 Main Street ) 4225 Etiwanda Avenue ) 12118 Bloomfield Avenue ) 256 Alondra Blvd ) 19007 Reyes Avenue ) 19431 Santa Fe Avenue ) 4621 Guasti Road ) 12838 Saticoy Street ) 19951 Mariner Avenue ) 2425-2535 East 12th Street ) 29120 Commerce Center Drive ) 
 F-59 

) 4181 Ruffin Road ) 12017 Greenstone Avenue ) 1901 Via Burton 1555 Cucamonga Avenue ) 1800 Lomita Blvd ) 8210-8240 Haskell Avenue 3100 Lomita Blvd ) ) 2401-2421 Glassell Street ) 2390-2444 American Way 500 Dupont Avenue ) 1801 St Andrew Place ) 5772 Jurupa Street ) 2500 Victoria Street 1010 Belmont Street ) 21515 Western Avenue ) 12027 Greenstone Avenue ) 6027 Eastern Avenue 340-344 Bonnie Circle ) 14100 Vine Place ) 2280 Ward Avenue ) 20481 Crescent Bay Drive ) 334 El Encanto Road ) 17031-17037 Green Drive ) 13512 Marlay Avenue ) 14940 Proctor Road 2800 Casitas Avenue ) 
 F-60 

) 2391-2393 Bateman Avenue ) 1168 Sherborn Street ) 3071 Coronado Street ) 8911 Aviation Blvd ) 1020 Bixby Drive ) 444 Quay Avenue ) 18455 Figueroa Street ) 24903 Avenue Kearny ) 19475 Gramercy Place ) 14005 Live Oak Avenue ) 13700-13738 Slover Avenue ) Meggitt Simi Valley ) 21415-21605 Plummer Street ) 1501-1545 Rio Vista Avenue ) 17011-17027 Central Avenue ) 2843 Benet Road ) 14243 Bessemer Street ) 2970 East 50th Street ) 19900 Plummer Street ) Long Beach Business Park ) 13711 Freeway Drive ) 6245 Providence Way ) 7815 Van Nuys Blvd ) 13535 Larwin Circle ) 1154 Holt Blvd ) 900-920 Allen Avenue ) 
 F-61 

) 10131 Banana Avenue ) 2020 Central Avenue ) 14200-14220 Arminta Street ) 1172 Holt Blvd ) 1500 Raymond Avenue 2400 Marine Avenue ) 14434-14527 San Pedro Street ) 20900 Normandie Avenue ) 15771 Red Hill Avenue ) 14350 Arminta Street ) 29125 Avenue Paine ) 3935-3949 Heritage Oak Court ) 620 Anaheim Street ) 400 Rosecrans Avenue 3547-3555 Voyager Street ) 6996-7044 Bandini Blvd ) 4325 Etiwanda Avenue ) Merge-West ) 6000-6052 6027-6029 Bandini Blvd ) 3901 Via Oro Avenue ) 15650 Don Julian Road ) 15700 Don Julian Road ) 17000 Gale Avenue ) 17909 17929 Susana Road 2880 Ana Street 
 F-62 

) 21022 21034 Figueroa Street ) 13301 Main Street ) 20851 Currier Road 3131 Harcourt Street 18031 Susana Road ) 14400 Figueroa Street ) 2130-2140 Del Amo Blvd ) 19145 Gramercy Place ) 20455 Reeves Avenue ) 14874 Jurupa Avenue ) 10660 Mulberry Avenue ) 755 Trademark Circle ) 4500 Azusa Canyon Road ) 7817 Haskell Avenue ) Investments in real estate ) 
 Note: As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes of investments in real estate was approximately billion. 
 
 (1) Costs capitalized subsequent to acquisition are net of the write-off of fully depreciated assets and include construction in progress. 
 (2) During 2009, we recorded impairment charges totaling million in continuing operations (of which million relates to properties still owned by us) to write down our investments in real estate to fair value. Of the million, million is included as a reduction of Land in the table above, with the remaining million included as a reduction of Buildings and Improvements . 
 (3) The depreciable life for buildings and improvements typically ranges from - years for buildings, - years for site improvements, and the shorter of the estimated useful life or respective lease term for tenant improvements. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, these properties secure the 60 Million Term Loan Facility. 
 (5) Safari Business Park consists of buildings with the following addresses: 1845, 1885, 1901-1957 and 2037-2077 Vineyard Avenue; 1906-1946 and 2048-2058 Cedar Street; 1900-1956, 1901-1907, 1911-1951, 2010-2020 and 2030-2071 Lynx Place; 1810, 1840-1898, 1910-1960 and 2030-2050 Carlos Avenue; 2010-2057 and 2060-2084 Francis Street. 
 F-63 

Acquisition of investment in real estate Construction costs and improvements Disposition of investment in real estate ) ) Properties held for sale ) ) Write-off of fully depreciated assets ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Year Ended December 31, Accumulated Depreciation 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year ) ) ) Depreciation of investment in real estate ) ) ) Disposition of investment in real estate Properties held for sale Write-off of fully depreciated assets Balance, end of year ) ) ) 
 
 F-64 

<EX-10.30>
 2
 ex1030-secondamendmentto4t.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 
 Exhibit 10.30 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), is entered into as of January 13, 2023 (the Effective Date ), among REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership Borrower ), REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC., a Maryland corporation Parent ), each Lender that is a signatory hereto, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, Administrative Agent and an L C Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as an L C Issuer. 
 
 R E C I T A L S 
 
 A. Reference is hereby made to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), executed by Borrower, Parent, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and an L C Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as an L C Issuer, (Administrative Agent, L C Issuers, and Lenders are individually referred to herein as a Credit Party and collectively referred to herein as the Credit Parties ). 
 
 B. Borrower, Parent, Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed, upon the following terms and conditions, to amend the Credit Agreement as provided herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. DEFINED TERMS REFERENCES . Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein that is defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 2. AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT . Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the definition of KPI in its entirety and replace such definition with the following 
 
 KPI means, as to any calendar year, the square footage of LEED Certified Properties in such calendar year, as a percentage of the total square footage of all Properties. For purposes of calculating the KPI, any net change greater than ten percent (10 of total square footage of all Properties as of the last day of the then most-recently ended Calculation Period that have been sold or otherwise disposed of or have been acquired by Borrower or its Subsidiaries, in each case, in such calendar year, shall be excluded from both the numerator and the denominator of the calculation of the KPI. 
 
 3. Amendments to other Loan Documents. 
 
 (a) All references in the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement shall henceforth include references to the Credit Agreement, as modified and amended hereby, and as may, from time to time, be further amended, modified, extended, renewed, and or increased. 
 
 (b) Any and all of the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents are hereby amended and modified wherever necessary, even though not specifically addressed herein, so as to conform to the amendments and modifications set forth herein. 

4. Effectiveness . This Amendment shall be deemed effective upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Date 
 
 (a) Administrative Agent receives fully executed counterparts of this Amendment signed by the Loan Parties, the Lenders, Administrative Agent and the L C Issuers 
 
 (b) after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default exists and 
 
 (c) the representations and warranties set forth in this Amendment are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality standards set forth therein). 
 
 5. Ratifications . Each Loan Party (a) ratifies and confirms all provisions of the Loan Documents as amended by this Amendment, (b) ratifies and confirms that all guaranties and assurances, granted, conveyed, or assigned to the Credit Parties under the Loan Documents are not released, reduced, or otherwise adversely affected by this Amendment and continue to guarantee and assure full payment and performance of all present and future Obligations, and (c) agrees to perform such acts and duly authorize, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file, and record such additional documents, and certificates as Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to create, perfect, preserve, and protect those guaranties, assurances, and liens. 
 
 6. Representations . Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Credit Parties that as of the Effective Date (a) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by each Loan Party (b) no action of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required to authorize, or is otherwise required in connection with, the execution, delivery, and performance by any Loan Party of this Amendment, except for actions or filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect (c) the Loan Documents, as amended by this Amendment, are valid and binding upon each Loan Party and are enforceable against each Loan Party in accordance with their respective terms, except as limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity (d) the execution, delivery, and performance by each Loan Party of this Amendment do not (i) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (A) any material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party or affecting such Loan Party or the properties of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject or (ii) violate in any material respect any applicable Law (e) all representations and warranties in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers therein), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers therein) as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 7.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 8.01 and (f) no Default exists. 
 
 7. Continued Effect. Except to the extent amended hereby, all terms, provisions and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and all documents executed in connection therewith, shall continue in full force and effect and shall remain enforceable and binding in accordance with their respective terms. 

8. Miscellaneous . Unless stated otherwise (a) the singular number includes the plural and vice versa and words of any gender include each other gender, in each case, as appropriate, (b) headings and captions may not be construed in interpreting provisions, (c) this Amendment must be construed -- and its performance enforced -- under New York law, and (d) if any part of this Amendment is for any reason found to be unenforceable, all other portions of it nevertheless remain enforceable. 
 
 9. Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts. 
 
 (a) This Amendment, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties agree that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more Electronic Copies, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither Administrative Agent nor any L C Issuer is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent Administrative Agent and or an L C Issuer has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or any Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 (b) The Credit Parties shall neither be responsible for nor have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with Administrative Agent s or the applicable L C Issuer s reliance on any Electronic Signature 

transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Guaranty for being the maker thereof). 
 
 (c) Each Loan Party and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Amendment, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Amendment, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against Administrative Agent, each Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from Administrative Agent s and or any Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of 
 
 the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 10. Parties. This Amendment binds and inures to the Loan Parties and the Credit Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 
 11. Entireties. The Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment represents the final agreement between the parties about the subject matter of the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or subsequent oral agreements of the parties. There are no unwritten oral agreements between the parties. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank Signature Pages Follow 

EXECUTED as of the date first stated above. 
 BORROWER REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership By REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. a Maryland corporation, its General Partner By s Michael Frankel Michael Frankel, Co-Chief Executive Officer By s Laura Clark Laura Clark, Chief Financial Officer PARENT REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. a Maryland corporation, By s Michael Frankel Michael Frankel, Co-Chief Executive Officer By s Laura Clark Laura Clark, Chief Financial Officer 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent 
 By s Teresa Weirath Name Teresa Weirath Title Vice President 

LENDERS 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Lender and an L C Issuer 
 By s Henry Yang Name Henry Yang Title Vice President 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By s Dennis Haydel Name Dennis Haydel Title Vice President 

CITIZENS BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By s Nan E. Delahunt Name Nan E. Delahunt Vice President 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender 
 By s Keshia Leday Name Keshia Leday Title Authorized Signatory 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as a Lender and an L C Issuer 
 By s Cody Canafax Cody A. Canafax Vice President 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD. , as a Lender 
 By s Donna DeMagistris Donna DeMagistris Executive Director 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 
 By s David C. Drouillard Name David C. Drouillard Title Senior Vice President 

REGIONS BANK , as a Lender 
 By s Walter Rivadeneira Walter Rivadeneira Senior Vice President 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA , as a Lender 
 By s Sacha Boxill Sacha Boxill Director, Corporate Banking U.S. Real Estate, Gaming, and Leisure 

TRUIST BANK , as a Lender 
 By s C. Vincent Hughes, Jr. C. Vincent Hughes, Jr. Director 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 
 By s Michael F. Diemer Name Michael F. Diemer Title Senior Vice President 

WELLS FARGO BANK N.A. , as a Lender 
 By s Cristina Johnnie Cristina Johnnie Vice President 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 rexr-q42022ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 Name Jurisdiction of Formation Incorporation Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. Maryland REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY AND MANAGEMENT, INC. California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 4
 rexr-q4x2022ex221.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 
 Exhibit 22.1 

 List of Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following subsidiary was the issuer of the 2.125 Senior Notes due 2030 and the 2.150 Senior Notes due 2031, which are both guaranteed by Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. Maryland 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 rexr-q42022ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-190074) pertaining to the Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 2013 Incentive Award Plan 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-197849) of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-249932) of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-258204) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. 2013 Incentive Award Plan 
 of our reports dated February 10, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 rexr-q42022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael S. Frankel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 10, 2023 By s Michael S. Frankel Michael S. Frankel Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 rexr-q42022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Howard Schwimmer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 10, 2023 By s Howard Schwimmer Howard Schwimmer Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 8
 rexr-q42022ex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Laura E. Clark, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 10, 2023 By s Laura E. Clark Laura E. Clark Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 rexr-q42022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael S. Frankel, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Michael S. Frankel Michael S. Frankel Co-Chief Executive Officer February 10, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 rexr-q42022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Howard Schwimmer, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Howard Schwimmer Howard Schwimmer Co-Chief Executive Officer February 10, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 11
 rexr-q42022ex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Laura E. Clark, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Laura E. Clark Laura E. Clark Chief Financial Officer February 10, 2023 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 rexr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 rexr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 rexr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 rexr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 rexr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

