<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1718108_0001718108-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11627105</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>533023</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3256130</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2926938</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2542825</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2218185</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001718108-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309070550
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001718108-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Surface Oncology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001718108
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38459
		FILM NUMBER:		23718146

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 HAMPSHIRE STREET, 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-714-4096

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 HAMPSHIRE STREET, 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001718108-23-000004.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 surf-20221231.htm
 10-K

surf-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ), held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sale price of the Common Stock at the close of business on June 30, 2022, was . For purposes of foregoing calculation only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant are assumed to be affiliates of the registrant. 
 The number of shares of registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 6, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Auditor Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 74 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 75 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 75 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 75 
 PART II 
 76 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 76 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 77 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 77 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 88 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 88 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 88 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 89 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 89 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 89 
 PART III 
 90 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 90 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 90 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 90 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 90 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 90 
 PART IV 
 91 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 94 
 Item 17. 
 Signatures 
 35 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as may, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Our forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our company, are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainty. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Our business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent in our statements regarding: 
 the timing, progress and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current product candidates and other product candidates we may develop, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of studies or trials and related preparatory work, the period during which the results of the trials will become available, and our research and development programs; 
 the timing, scope or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals, including timing of Investigational New Drug application and Biological Licensing Application filings for, and final U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval of our current product candidates and any other future product candidates; 
 the success of the implementation of our corporate restructuring and strategic decision to pause the internal clinical development of SRF617 and focus resources on the advancement of SRF388 and SRF114; 
 the timing, scope or likelihood of foreign regulatory filings and approvals; 
 our ability to use our understanding of the tumor microenvironment to identify product candidates and to match immunotherapies to select patient subsets; 
 our ability to develop and advance our current product candidates and programs into, and successfully complete, clinical studies; 
 our ability to develop combination therapies, whether on our own or in collaboration with Novartis, GSK and other third parties; 
 our manufacturing, commercialization and marketing capabilities and strategy; 
 the pricing and reimbursement of our current product candidates and other product candidates we may develop, if approved; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of our current product candidates and other product candidates we may develop; 
 the potential benefits of and our ability to maintain our collaborations with Novartis and GSK and establish or maintain future collaborations or strategic relationships or obtain additional funding; 
 our ability to retain the continued service of our key professionals and to identify, hire and retain additional qualified professionals; 
 our intellectual property position, including the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our current product candidates and other product candidates we may develop, the validity of intellectual property rights held by third parties, and our ability not to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any third-party intellectual property rights; 
 our competitive position, and developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; 
 our expectations related to the use of our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; 
 our ability to raise capital to fund operations; 
 our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 our ability to regain compliance with the closing bid price requirement for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; and 
 the impact of laws and regulations. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 All of our forward-looking statements are as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only. In each case, actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of or any material adverse change in one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or included in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents or filings filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Except as required by law, we do not undertake or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this Annual Report on Form 10-K that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making a decision to invest in our common stock. These risks include, among others, the following: 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have incurred significant losses since inception. We expect to incur losses for at least the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We will require substantial additional financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. A failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 
 If we are unable to advance our current or future product candidates through clinical trials, obtain marketing approval and ultimately commercialize any product candidates we develop, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, the EMA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 Our current or future product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs that could halt their clinical development, prevent their marketing approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 We face significant competition and if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the product candidates we develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 
 We rely on third parties, and will continue to rely on third parties, to conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials for the product candidates we develop. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval for or commercialize any product candidates we develop and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We rely on third parties to manufacture product candidates, which increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of such product candidates or products or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 Intellectual property is critical to our business and our success in part depends on our ability to maintain, protect, and expand our portfolio of intellectual property rights. 
 The price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially. 
 We are not in compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement and if we fail to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted, which could adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital or enter into strategic transactions. 
 The summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below, in the section entitled Risk Factors and the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with the SEC. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not precisely known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company focused on using our specialized knowledge of the biological pathways critical to the immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment, or the TME, for the development of next-generation cancer therapies. While first-generation immuno-oncology therapies, such as checkpoint inhibitors, represented a remarkable therapeutic advancement, we believe most patients do not achieve durable clinical benefit primarily because these therapies focus on only one element of the complex and interconnected immunosuppressive TME. We believe there is a significant opportunity to more broadly engage both the innate and adaptive arms of the immune system in a multi-faceted, coordinated and patient-specific approach, to meaningfully improve cure rates for patients with a variety of cancers. We aim to identify key components within the TME to gain a deep understanding of its biology, leverage this understanding to define the optimal therapeutic targets and the patients most likely to benefit, and develop novel antibody therapeutics with differentiated biologic activity. By utilizing our expertise in immunology, oncology, assay development, antibody selection and characterization, and translational research, we are developing and advancing a broad pipeline of TME-focused programs that we believe are the next generation of immuno-oncology therapies. Our programs demonstrate our multi-faceted approach by targeting several critical components of the immunosuppressive TME. 
 Our lead program, SRF388, is an antibody targeting interleukin 27, or IL-27, an immunosuppressive cytokine, or protein that is overexpressed in certain cancers, including hepatocellular, lung and renal cell carcinoma. IL-27 is a cytokine secreted by macrophages and antigen presenting cells that plays an important physiologic role in suppressing the immune system, as evidenced by its ability to resolve tissue inflammation. In addition, one of the subunits of IL-27, EBI3, is highly expressed during pregnancy and its expression is correlated with maternal-fetal tolerance. Due to its immunosuppressive nature, there is a rationale for inhibiting IL-27 to treat cancer, as this approach will influence the activity of multiple types of immune cells that are necessary to recognize and attack a tumor. SRF388 received orphan drug designation and fast track designation from the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma, or HCC, in November 2020. We initiated Phase 2 clinical trials evaluating SRF388 in patients with HCC and non-small-cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, in April 2022. In June 2022, at the 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology, or ASCO, Annual Meeting, we presented initial Phase 1/1b data demonstrating clinical activity in multiple solid tumor types. We observed confirmed partial responses in two patients who received SRF388 monotherapy, one in NSCLC and one in clear cell renal cell carcinoma, or RCC. In addition, we observed a partial response in a patient who was treated with SRF388 in combination with pembrolizumab for HCC. In November, we announced that a second patient with NSCLC experienced a confirmed partial response to SRF388 monotherapy treatment, and another patient with highly pretreated NSCLC experienced durable disease stabilization which, at the time, had continued for more than 56 weeks. We anticipate sharing additional data from those trials in the first half of 2023. We are no longer enrolling RCC patients in our Phase 1 SRF388 monotherapy and combination trial in order to focus efforts on NSCLC and HCC based on encouraging data seen in those indications. 
 Our second clinical-stage program, SRF114, is a highly specific afucosylated immunoglobulin isotype G1, or IgG1, antibody targeting CCR8, a chemokine receptor highly expressed on regulatory T cells, or Treg cells, in the TME. SRF114 is designed to cause depletion of intra-tumoral Treg cells, important regulators of immune suppression and tolerance, through antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity, or ADCC, and/or antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis, or ADCP, leading to anti-tumor activity in preclinical models. In January 2023, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical study investigating SRF114 in patients with advanced solid tumors. Part A, the monotherapy dose-escalation portion of the study, will evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and preliminary efficacy of SRF114 in patients with advanced solid tumors. Once Part A is completed, Part B will evaluate SRF114 in up to 40 patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, or HNSCC, as a monotherapy. We expect to provide initial clinical data in 2024. 
 Our third clinical-stage program, SRF617 is an antibody designed to inhibit cluster of differentiation-39, or CD39. CD39 is a critical enzyme involved in the production of extracellular adenosine, a key metabolite with strong immunosuppressive properties within the TME. SRF617 aims to reduce the production of immunosuppressive adenosine, and we believe SRF617 has the potential to stimulate anti-tumor immunity because of its ability to maintain levels of extracellular adenosine triphosphate, or ATP. In November 2022, we announced the strategic decision to pause further development of the SRF617 program due to business considerations, and we are actively pursuing potential business development opportunities for the program. 
 We expect that the unique insights generated in any one of our product programs will accelerate the development of the other programs in a synergistic fashion due to the interconnections between these TME pathways. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to our internal programs, we have two programs, NZV930 and GSK4381562, which are exclusively licensed to Novartis Institutes for Biomedical Research, Inc., or Novartis, and GlaxoSmithKline, or GSK, respectively. 
 In January 2016, we granted Novartis a worldwide exclusive license to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize NZV930. NZV930 is an antibody designed to inhibit cluster of differentiation 73, or CD73, which is a critical enzyme involved in the production of extracellular adenosine, a key metabolite with strong immunosuppressive properties within the TME. NZV930 aims to reduce the production of immunosuppressive adenosine within the TME. Upon entering into the agreement, we received an upfront payment of 70.0 million from Novartis. We are entitled to receive potential development milestones of 325.0 million, potential sales milestones of 200.0 million, as well as tiered royalties on annual net sales of NZV930 by Novartis ranging from high single-digit to mid-teens percentages. Such amount of potential milestone payments assumes the successful clinical development and achievement of all sales milestones for NZV930. In June 2018, a Phase 1 trial of NZV930 was initiated by Novartis. 
 In December 2020, we granted GSK an exclusive license to the worldwide development and commercialization rights for GSK4381562. GSK4381562 is an antibody targeting CD112R, also known as PVRIG, an inhibitory protein expressed on natural killer, or NK, and T cells. GSK4381562 blocks the interaction of CD112R with CD112, its binding partner that is expressed on tumor cells. GSK4381562 can promote the activation of both NK and T cells, with potential to elicit a strong anti-tumor response and promote immunological memory. Upon entering into the agreement, we received an upfront payment of 85.0 million, and in March 2022, GSK initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of GSK4381562 in patients with solid tumors, triggering a 30.0 million milestone payment to us. We are currently eligible to receive up to 60.0 million in additional clinical milestones and up to 155.0 million in regulatory milestones. In addition, we may receive up to 485.0 million in sales milestone payments. We are also eligible to receive royalties on global net sales of any approved products based on the licensed antibodies, ranging in percentages from high single digits to mid-teens upon successful commercialization of GSK4381562. 
 We have assembled an outstanding team, including our world-class scientific advisory board, to execute on our mission to create next-generation immuno-oncology therapies to help patients suffering with cancer. Our scientific founders and members of our management team have extensive experience in drug discovery and development and are leaders in the immuno-oncology field. Members of our leadership team have helped develop a number of commercialized therapies, including cancer treatments such as Avastin , Copiktra and Velcade . Our scientific advisory board is co-chaired by leading immuno-oncology researchers Alexander Y. Rudensky, Ph.D., a world leader in Treg cell biology, and Arlene H. Sharpe, M.D., Ph.D., who led pioneering work related to the ligands for PD-1, including the co-discovery of PD-L2, and has defined functions of the PD-1 pathway as well as other costimulatory and immune checkpoint molecules. Collectively, we believe our team, industry-leading capabilities and collaborations with Novartis and GSK, position us to build a leading TME company focused on developing next-generation immunotherapies for the tens of millions of cancer patients worldwide. 
 The Tumor Microenvironment 
 The TME presents a complex interplay of immunosuppressive biological pathways, cells and other components surrounding the tumor. It comprises several key components that often act together to profoundly suppress the body s anticancer immune response through a variety of different biological mechanisms, allowing the tumor to evade the immune system. Given the complexity of the TME, we believe it is imperative to target more than one component of this environment in order to provide durable clinical benefit to patients suffering with cancer. 
 Checkpoint inhibitors are a drug class designed to counteract certain defenses a tumor has against the immune system. Currently approved checkpoint inhibitors were developed for the treatment of cancer because of the initial belief that inactivation of the immune system by checkpoint proteins could be reversed to reactivate the immune system to recognize and attack the tumor. These therapies against checkpoint proteins, such as cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4, or CTLA-4, programmed cell death protein 1, or PD-1, and programmed death-ligand 1, or PD-L1, have produced impressive results in the clinic across an array of cancers and have been approved for a number of malignancies. However, a durable clinical benefit has been observed in only a limited subset of patients and tumor types. For example, PD-1 inhibition has doubled three-year survival rates in previously treated non-small cell lung cancer patients, but more than 80 of patients do not achieve a durable clinical benefit. We believe the primary reason only a relatively modest number of patients achieve durable response with checkpoint inhibitors is because only one component of the TME, the effector T lymphocyte, is reactivated while other elements of the TME, including suppressive metabolites and cytokines, macrophages, Treg cells, and NK cells, remain unaffected. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 IL-27 is a cytokine that plays an important physiologic role in suppressing the immune system. In preclinical studies, the IL-27 pathway has been observed to suppress T cell and NK cell activation within the TME, which may prevent the immune system from recognizing, attacking and killing cancer cells. Due to its immunosuppressive nature, there is a rationale for inhibiting IL-27 to treat cancer, as this approach influences the activity of multiple types of immune cells, including the reactivation of T cells and NK cells, that are necessary to recognize and attack the tumor. 
 Treg cells play an essential role in controlling autoimmunity and maintaining immune tolerance and homeostasis. Treg cells are also recruited to sites of tumor growth where they suppress antitumor immune responses and facilitate tumor growth. Treg cells are associated with poor prognosis in many human cancers. Depletion of Treg cells in published experimental murine models of cancer has been shown to reduce primary and metastatic tumor growth. Although Treg cell depletion is a promising therapeutic strategy in cancer, current therapies aimed at depletion of Treg cells in humans fail to distinguish systemic Treg cells from tumor infiltrating Treg cells, resulting in undesirable inflammatory side-effects outside of the TME. The chemokine receptor CCR8 was recently reported to be highly expressed on intratumoral Treg cells in breast carcinomas but not on peripheral Treg cells or effector T cells. As such, we believe that the depletion of tumor infiltrating Treg cells while sparing peripheral Treg cells and effector T cells via targeting CCR8 is an attractive approach to enhance anti-tumor immunity. 
 Adenosine is a key metabolite within the TME that accumulates and inhibits the function of important immune cells, including T cells and NK cells, leading to an environment conducive to tumor growth. CD39 and CD73, two of the enzymes involved in the production of extracellular adenosine, are both attractive therapeutic targets because inhibiting either of them will reduce the amount of adenosine in the TME. We believe inhibiting CD39 may have further immunostimulatory effects because this inhibition will also increase local amounts of ATP in the TME. 
 NK cells are a type of immune cell that can recognize and lyse, or kill, other cells that need to be destroyed, including cancer cells. These immune cells are a key component of the immune system that provide a rapid, non-specific response to pathogens. NK and T cells express CD112R, also known as PVRIG, an inhibitory protein that helps block NK and T cell activation when bound to its binding partner, CD112. Targeting CD112R is an attractive therapeutic strategy for activating NK and T cells so that they can effectively kill tumor cells. 
 Our Pipeline 
 We believe next-generation immuno-oncology therapies need to encompass a multi-faceted, coordinated and patient-specific approach to treating cancer to achieve meaningful increases in patient cure rates. We have developed a pipeline of novel therapeutic programs to address the complexity of the TME, as shown in the table below. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our Programs 
 Inhibiting the Immunosuppressive Cytokine IL-27 to Activate the Immune System 
 Overview of SRF388 
 SRF388 is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody that is designed to bind to the p28 subunit of IL-27 and inhibit IL-27's activity by blocking its binding to the IL-27 receptor. We identified SRF388 using our proprietary suite of research tools, which have allowed us to enhance our deep biological understanding of IL-27 and its receptor. We selected SRF388 for clinical development based on the following key observations in our preclinical studies: 
 Potent reduction of IL-27 driven immune cell suppression; 
 Potential for combination therapy including checkpoint inhibitors; and 
 Strong translational rationale for targeting IL-27 in certain types of cancer. 
 IL-27 Background 
 IL-27 is a multi-subunit cytokine (subunits P28 and EBI3) secreted by macrophages and antigen presenting cells that plays an important physiologic role in suppressing the immune system, as evidenced by its role in resolving tissue inflammation and its association with maternal-fetal tolerance. Due to its immunosuppressive nature, there is an emerging rationale for inhibiting IL-27 to treat cancer, as this approach influences the activity of multiple types of immune cells that are necessary to recognize and attack the tumor. As shown in the diagram below, IL-27 suppresses T cell and NK cell activation, which we believe will prevent the immune system from recognizing, attacking and killing cancerous cells. 
 
 IL-27 Upregulates Inhibitory Receptors, Downregulates Proinflammatory Cytokines 
 
 Our Preclinical Studies 
 In several preclinical studies conducted by us, we observed that the treatment of human T cells and monocytes with IL-27 resulted in the induction of an immunosuppressive phenotype, including increased expression of the checkpoint proteins PD-L1 and TIM3 and a decrease in pro-inflammatory cytokines such as TNF and IFN . In the preclinical study below, SRF388 restores INF production in PBMCs when combined with PD-1 antibody treatment in the presence of IL-27. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SRF388 Restored Cytokine Production in Combination with anti-PD-1 in Presence of Recombinant IL-27 in Activated Healthy Donor PBMCs 
 
 In the preclinical study below, SRF388 monotherapy resulted in a significant reduction in the growth of HCC tumors in the liver, as compared to a control antibody. In addition, SRF388 reduced the expression of immune-inhibitory receptors in this HCC model. 
 SRF388 Inhibited Tumor Growth in the Orthotopic Hepa 1-6 Mouse Model of Hepatocellular Carcinoma 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SRF388 Modulated Gene Expression in the Hepa1-6 Mouse Model of HCC 
 
 SRF388 Clinical Trials 
 We initiated a Phase 1 dose escalation trial of SRF388 in April 2020 and initiated expansion stages of the ongoing trial in June 2021. In April 2022, we initiated Phase 2 clinical trials evaluating SRF388 in patients with HCC and NSCLC and in May 2022, announced our plans to expand the open-label lead-in of the Phase 2 HCC clinical trial to include up to 30 patients. As depicted below, the Phase 1 trial is anticipated to enroll approximately 100 patients. Following a monotherapy dose escalation, SRF388 will be tested in specific cohorts of patients with RCC, HCC, and NSCLC. In June 2022, at the 2022 ASCO Annual Meeting, we presented initial Phase 1/1b data demonstrating clinical activity in multiple solid tumor types. We observed confirmed partial responses in two patients who received SRF388 monotherapy, one in NSCLC and one in clear cell RCC. In addition, we observed a partial response in a patient who was treated with SRF388 in combination with pembrolizumab for HCC. The patient with HCC was refractory to two prior VEGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors, or TKIs, while the patients with NSCLC and RCC had both progressed on prior anti-PD-(L)1 therapy. In November, we announced that a second patient with NSCLC experienced a confirmed partial response to SRF388 monotherapy treatment, and another patient with highly pretreated NSCLC experienced durable disease stabilization which, at the time, had continued for more than 56 weeks. Based on these results, we opened the second stage of the SRF388 monotherapy trial which is expected to enroll 40 patients with NSCLC in total. We also announced the initiation of a single-arm Phase 2 study evaluating SRF388 in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with NSCLC who have progressed after 1 to 3 prior lines of therapy, including chemotherapy and anti-PD-(L)1 agents; this study is anticipated to enroll up to 40 patients with NSCLC treated in combination. 
 We are currently focused on enrollment in NSCLC monotherapy and combination cohorts as well as the first-line HCC study and are no longer enrolling RCC patients in our Phase 1 SRF388 monotherapy and combination trial. We anticipate sharing additional data from those trials in the first half of 2023. SRF388 received orphan drug designation and fast track designation from the FDA for the treatment of HCC in November 2020. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SRF388 Clinical Trial Overview 
 
 Targeting CCR8 to Deplete Intra-tumoral Regulatory T Cells 
 Overview of SRF114 
 SRF114 is a highly specific afucosylated IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the chemokine receptor CCR8, which is expressed at high levels on Treg cells within the TME. SRF114 causes depletion of intra-tumoral Treg cells, important regulators of immune suppression and tolerance, through ADCC or ADCP. We selected SRF114 for further development based on the following key observations in our preclinical studies: 
 Highly specific for human CCR8; 
 Activation of NK cells; and 
 Preferentially depletes tumor Treg cells. 
 CCR8 Background 
 Selectively targeting tumor Treg cells for depletion while sparing those Treg cells that control immune responses in other healthy tissues is an attractive strategy for cancer immunotherapy. Preclinical data in mouse models of cancer evaluating Treg cell-depleting strategies support this hypothesis. 
 Studies characterizing the gene expression signature of tumor-infiltrating immune cells have identified CCR8 as highly expressed and enriched on Treg cells as compared to other immune cells present in the TME. CCR8 is a G-protein coupled chemokine receptor that is involved in the chemotaxis of immunocytes to sites of inflammation. Importantly, CCR8 protein expression was shown to be highly upregulated on tumor Treg cells isolated from several different tumor types, whereas expression on tumor infiltrating effector T cells (Teff cells) or peripheral Teff and peripheral Treg cells was significantly lower and only present on minor subsets of these cells. This expression profile increases the likelihood of preferentially targeting and depleting tumor-infiltrating Treg cells with SRF114 and has the potential to unleash antitumor immune responses in the TME. 
 Our Preclinical Studies 
 In preclinical studies, we observed that targeting CCR8 in mouse tumor models can strongly inhibit tumor growth. In the study shown below, we observed that treatment with an anti-murine CCR8 antibody was associated with significant tumor growth inhibition, as compared to a control antibody. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Anti CCR8 Antibody Inhibited Tumor Growth in CT26 Model of Colorectal Cancer 
 
 We also observed that SRF114 can preferentially deplete Treg cells in human tumor samples. The study below tested the ability of SRF114 to deplete different lymphocyte populations from dissociated cell cultures taken from human tumors or peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) while cocultured with activated NK cells. SRF114 preferentially depleted tumor Treg cells as compared to effector CD4 + and CD8 + T cell populations or circulating Treg cells from PBMCs. 
 SRF114 preferentially depletes tumor-infiltrating CCR8 + Treg cells 
 
 SRF114 Clinical Trial 
 In January 2023, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical study investigating SRF114 in patients with advanced solid tumors. We are currently enrolling the dose escalation portion of this study in patients with advanced solid tumors and intend to open a monotherapy expansion part focused on patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck, or HNSCC, once we have identified appropriate dose(s) for further development. This study also allows for the future addition of combination cohorts in other tumor indications. Part A, the monotherapy dose-escalation portion of the study, will evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and preliminary efficacy of SRF114 in patients with advanced solid tumors. Once Part A is completed, Part B will evaluate SRF114 in up to 40 patients with HNSCC as a monotherapy. We expect to provide initial clinical data in 2024. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 SRF114 Clinical Trial Overview 
 
 Modulating the Adenosine Pathway to Treat Cancer 
 Overview of NZV930 and SRF617 
 NZV930 (formerly SRF373) is designed to inhibit CD73, an enzyme critical to the production of extracellular adenosine. By reducing the amount of adenosine in the TME, we believe the immune system will be able to better recognize and attack tumors. In our preclinical studies, NZV930 exhibited potent CD73 enzymatic inhibition, resulting in a reduction of adenosine and increased activity of immune cells, particularly T cells. Further, in combination with a PD-1 inhibitor, our antibodies against CD73 demonstrated potent anti-tumor effects in preclinical animal studies. CD73 is overexpressed in many tumors and can be shed from the cell surface. We therefore believe CD73 overexpression could be a useful biomarker to identify those patients most likely to benefit from NZV930. We have granted Novartis a worldwide exclusive license to develop and commercialize NZV930. Novartis advanced NZV930 into clinical development in June of 2018. 
 SRF617 is designed to inhibit CD39, an enzyme critical both to the production of adenosine and the breakdown of ATP. We believe targeting CD39 will not only reduce extracellular adenosine, but will also maintain extracellular levels of immunostimulatory ATP, both of which have been observed to promote anti-tumor immunity. In preclinical studies, SRF617 exhibited potent CD39 enzymatic inhibition, leading to increased activity of T cells and maturation of antigen presenting cells. Further, in combination with chemotherapy or a PD-1 inhibitor, our antibodies against CD39 demonstrated potent anti-tumor effects in preclinical animal studies. We initiated a Phase 2 trial of SRF617 in patients with advanced prostate cancer in March 2022. In November 2022, we announced the strategic decision to pause the SRF617 clinical development program. We are actively pursuing business development opportunities for SRF617. 
 CD73 and CD39 Background 
 Within the TME, the adenosine pathway refers to the extracellular conversion of ATP to adenosine and the signaling of adenosine through the A2A/A2B adenosine receptors on immune cells. Under normal conditions, CD39 and CD73 maintain the balance of extracellular levels of immunosuppressive adenosine and immunostimulatory ATP. In healthy tissue, ATP is barely detectable in the extracellular environment because ATP is rapidly broken down by CD39 to generate adenosine monophosphate, or AMP, which is then converted to adenosine by CD73. Under conditions of cellular stress, including cancer, extracellular ATP levels rise significantly, but ATP is rapidly broken down, subsequently hindering the ability of the immune system to recognize and attack the tumor due to lower levels of ATP and higher levels of adenosine. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We believe inhibiting CD73 will reduce levels of immunosuppressive adenosine in the TME and allow key immune cells, including T cells, to attack the tumor. In addition, we believe inhibiting CD39 will maintain extracellular levels of immunostimulatory ATP as well as reduce the amount of extracellular adenosine in the TME. Because of its role in regulating the immune system, we believe a multi-faceted approach targeting components of the adenosine pathway is attractive for the treatment of cancer. 
 NZV930 
 NZV930 is a fully human immunoglobulin isotype G4, or IgG4, monoclonal antibody that is designed to be a potent inhibitor of CD73. We selected NZV930 for clinical development based on the following key attributes observed in preclinical development: 
 potent enzymatic inhibition of soluble and membrane bound CD73, resulting in reduced adenosine levels; 
 increased T cell proliferation; and 
 inhibition of tumor growth. 
 We granted Novartis worldwide development and commercialization rights to NZV930. An investigational new drug, or IND, application for NZV930, was sponsored and filed by Novartis with the FDA in February 2018, and NZV930 entered clinical trials in June 2018. In November 2022, Novartis opted to terminate a Phase I/Ib Study of NZV930 as monotherapy and in combination with PDR001 and/or NIR178 after a review of data which showed a low likelihood of efficacy in the patients recruited in that clinical setting. The termination was not safety related, and a separate trial investigating NZV930 in combination with KAZ954 is ongoing. 
 SRF617 
 SRF617 is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that is designed to be a potent inhibitor of CD39 enzymatic activity. We selected SRF617 for clinical development based on the following key attributes observed in preclinical development: 
 potent enzymatic inhibition of CD39; 
 maintenance of immunostimulatory levels of ATP despite the presence of CD39; and 
 inhibition of tumor growth as a monotherapy 
 We initiated a Phase 1/1b dose escalation trial of SRF617 in March 2020. We initiated the Phase 1b combination expansion part of the trial in January 2021 in which SRF617 is being tested in combination with a PD-1 inhibitor and with chemotherapy. We initiated a Phase 2 trial of SRF617 in patients with advanced prostate cancer in March 2022. In December 2021, we presented initial clinical data demonstrating SRF617's potential in combination with chemotherapy and other immuno-oncology therapies at the ESMO Immuno-Oncology conference. In November 2022, we announced the strategic decision to pause the SRF617 clinical program. We are actively pursuing business development opportunities for SRF617. SRF617 received orphan drug designation from the FDA for the treatment of pancreatic cancer in March 2021. 
 Blocking the Inhibitory Receptor CD112R to Promote Immune Cell Activation in the Tumor Microenvironment 
 Overview of GSK4381562 
 GSK4381562 (formerly SRF813) is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody that is designed to bind to the inhibitory receptor CD112R, also known as PVRIG, and antagonizes its function on immune cells. We selected GSK4381562 for clinical development based on the following key observations in our preclinical studies: 
 Potent blockade of CD112R interaction with its ligand CD112; 
 Enhancement of NK and T cell activation; and 
 Inhibition of tumor growth. 
 CD112R Background 
 CD112R is an inhibitory receptor primarily expressed on NK cells and T cells. CD112R suppresses immune cell activation through its binding with CD112. Because CD112 is commonly overexpressed on tumor cells, there is an emerging rationale for disrupting the CD112:CD112R interaction to promote antitumor immune responses. On December 16, 2020, we granted GSK an exclusive license to worldwide development and commercialization rights of GSK4381562. In March 2022, GSK initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of GSK4381562 in patients with solid tumors. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We expect that the unique insights generated in any one of our product programs will accelerate the development of the other programs in a synergistic fashion due to the interconnection between the pathways of the TME. 
 Collaboration Agreement with Novartis 
 Overview 
 In January 2016, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Novartis, or the Novartis Agreement, to develop next-generation cancer therapies. The Novartis Agreement was subsequently amended in May 2016, July 2017, September 2017 and October 2018. Upon entering into the agreement, we received an upfront payment of 70.0 million from Novartis and granted Novartis a worldwide exclusive license to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize antibodies that target CD73. In addition, we initially granted Novartis the right to purchase exclusive option rights, each an Option, for up to four specified targets, including certain development, manufacturing and commercialization rights. In January 2020, Novartis did not purchase and exercise its single remaining Option under the Novartis Agreement and, as a result, the option purchase period expired. Therefore, there are no Options remaining eligible for purchase, and potential exercise, and our performance obligations under the Novartis Agreement have ended. Under the Novartis Agreement, we are currently entitled to potential development milestones of 325.0 million, potential sales milestones of 200.0 million, as well as tiered royalties on annual net sales of NZV930 by Novartis ranging from high single-digit to mid-teens percentages. Such amount of potential milestone payments assumes the successful clinical development and achievement of all sales milestones for NZV930. Through December 31, 2022, we had received an aggregate of 150.0 million from Novartis in upfront payments, milestone payments, and option purchase payments. In January 2016 and April 2018, we also received equity investments of 13.5 million and 11.5 million, respectively, from Novartis. 
 Development and Commercialization of CD73 Products 
 Novartis has the sole right to develop and commercialize CD73 antibody candidates and corresponding licensed products worldwide pursuant to a development plan and a commercialization plan, respectively. Novartis is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop the CD73 antibody candidates and corresponding licensed products, obtain regulatory approval of such products, including within certain defined markets, and to commercialize such products following regulatory approval. Novartis is responsible for all costs and expenses of such development and commercialization and is obligated to provide us with updates on its development and commercialization activities through the joint development committee. 
 Exclusivity 
 Neither party may, alone or with any affiliate or third party, develop or commercialize any antibody that specifically binds to CD73. The October 2018 Amendment clarified that Novartis is permitted to research, develop, manufacture or commercialize any diagnostic product that specifically binds to CD73, subject to Novartis compliance with its rights and obligations under the Novartis Agreement, and provided that where such diagnostic product is an Adimab diagnostic product, Novartis may research, develop, manufacture or commercialize such Adimab diagnostic product solely for the purpose of research, development or commercialization of a therapeutic or prophylactic licensed product that specifically binds to the same licensed target. 
 Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier, the Novartis Agreement will continue in effect until neither we nor Novartis is researching, developing, manufacturing or commercializing any antibody candidate that binds to CD73. Novartis may terminate the Novartis Agreement for any reason upon prior notice to us within a specified time period. Either party may terminate the Novartis Agreement if an undisputed material breach is not cured within a certain period of time or upon notice of insolvency of the other party. To the extent Novartis terminates for convenience, or we terminate for Novartis material breach, Novartis will grant us, on mutually agreeable financial terms, an exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual and royalty-bearing license with respect to intellectual property controlled by Novartis that is reasonably necessary to research, develop, manufacture or commercialize NZV930. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 License Agreement with GSK 
 Overview 
 In December 2020, we entered into the license agreement with GSK, or the GSK Agreement, under which we granted GSK a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license to develop and commercialize specified antibodies targeting CD112R, also known as PVRIG, or the Licensed Antibodies. GSK will be responsible for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of the Licensed Antibodies and joint development and joint patent committees will be formed to facilitate information sharing between us and GSK. Under the terms of the GSK Agreement, GSK is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the Licensed Antibodies. Under the terms of the agreement, GSK made a one-time upfront payment of 85.0 million and was required to make additional payments to us for supply services and transition services of 4.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively. In March 2022, GSK initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of GSK4381562 in patients with solid tumors, triggering a 30.0 million milestone payment. We are currently eligible to receive up to 60.0 million in additional clinical and 155.0 million in regulatory milestones. In addition, we may receive up to 485.0 million in sales milestone payments. We are also eligible to receive royalties on global net sales of any approved products based on the licensed antibodies, ranging in percentages from high single digits to mid-teens. In November 2021, GSK received clearance from the FDA for GSK4381562 to proceed into a first-in-human clinical trial and as a result our performance obligations under the GSK Agreement have ended. Through December 31, 2022, we have received an aggregate of 120.3 million from GSK for upfront payments, milestone payments, and the transition and supply services performed. 
 Development, Manufacturing and Commercialization of Licensed Antibodies 
 GSK has the sole right to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Antibodies and corresponding licensed products worldwide. GSK is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop the Licensed Antibodies and corresponding licensed products. GSK is responsible for all costs and expenses of such development, manufacturing and commercialization and is obligated to provide the Company with updates on its development, manufacturing and commercialization activities through the joint development committee. 
 Exclusivity 
 During the term of the GSK Agreement, neither the Company, nor any affiliates, will research, develop, manufacture, or commercialize any alternative product. 
 Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier, the GSK Agreement expires on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis on the later of ten years from the date of first commercial sale or when there is no longer a valid patent claim or regulatory exclusivity covering such licensed product in such country. Either party may terminate the GSK Agreement for an uncured material breach by the other party or upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of the other party. GSK may terminate the GSK Agreement for its convenience. The Company may terminate the GSK Agreement if GSK institutes certain actions related to the licensed patents or if GSK ceases development activities, other than for certain specified technical or safety reasons. In the event of termination, the Company would regain worldwide rights to the terminated program. 
 Other Collaborations and License Agreements 
 Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center License Agreement 
 In November 2020, we entered into a license agreement, or the MSK Agreement, with Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, or MSK. Under the agreement, MSK granted us a non-exclusive license to certain U.S. patent rights relating to methods of treating cancer with CCR8 antibodies to research, develop, make, use, sell, offer for sale, and import CCR8 antibodies intended to treat cancer. The upfront license execution fee due to MSK was 0.1 million. As of December 31, 2020, we paid half of the upfront license execution fee, with the remaining portion due on the first anniversary. Under the MSK Agreement, each of these CCR8 antibodies is a licensed product and we are obligated to make milestone payments of up to an aggregate of 7.5 million for each licensed product, as well as reimburse MSK for a portion of past and future patent-related expenses. For any licensed product that is commercialized, we are obligated to pay MSK a low single-digit percentage royalty on net U.S. sales of such product. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 The MSK License will remain in effect on a licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the later of when there is no longer a valid patent claim covering the composition, manufacture or use of such licensed product or ten years from the date of first commercial sale of such licensed product in the U.S. We may terminate the MSK License for any reason with thirty days prior written notice to MSK. MSK may terminate the MSK License immediately upon written notice if we are convicted of a felony relating to the manufacture, use or sale of a licensed product anywhere we may manufacture, use or sell the licensed product, or, with a specified notice period, in the event of our insolvency, bankruptcy, or cessation of business operations. MSK may also terminate the MSK License for nonpayment of any fees, milestones or royalties if such payment(s) remain past due for a specified period of time, and for an uncured material breach. 
 Vaccinex Exclusive Product License Agreement 
 In March 2021, we and Vaccinex, Inc., or Vaccinex, entered into an exclusive product license agreement, or the Vaccinex License Agreement, to exclusively license certain antibodies, including SRF114. Pursuant to the terms of the Vaccinex License Agreement, we have a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, have sold, import, and otherwise exploit licensed products that incorporate certain Vaccinex intellectual property which covers certain antibodies, including the antibody SRF114 targeting CCR8, each a Licensed Product. 
 Under the Vaccinex License Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, clinically test, achieve regulatory approval, manufacture, market and commercialize at least one Licensed Product and have the sole right to develop, manufacture and commercialize the licensed products worldwide. We are responsible for all costs and expenses of such development, manufacturing and commercialization. Pursuant to the Vaccinex License Agreement, we paid Vaccinex a one-time fee of 0.9 million. Vaccinex is eligible to receive up to an aggregate of 3.5 million based on achievement of certain clinical milestones and up to an aggregate of 11.5 million based on achievement of certain regulatory milestones per Licensed Product. We also owe low single digit royalties on global net sales of any approved licensed products. Commencing on the third anniversary of the date of the Vaccinex License Agreement and continuing until the first dosing of a Licensed Product in a clinical trial, we will be required to pay Vaccinex a nominal yearly maintenance fee. Since a patient was dosed with a Licensed Product, SRF114, in January 2023, no yearly maintenance fees are due under the Vaccinex License Agreement. 
 We may terminate the Vaccinex License Agreement for convenience upon the notice period specified in the Vaccinex License Agreement. Either party may terminate the agreement for an uncured material breach by the other party. Vaccinex may terminate the Vaccinex License Agreement if we default on any payments owed to Vaccinex under the agreement, if we are in material breach of, and fail to cure, our development obligations, or institute certain actions related to the licensed patents. In the event of termination, all rights in the licensed intellectual property would revert to Vaccinex. 
 Adimab Development and Option Agreement 
 In October 2018, we and Adimab LLC, or Adimab, entered into an amended and restated development and option agreement, or the A R Adimab Agreement, which amended and restated the development and option agreement with Adimab dated July 2014, as amended, or the Original Adimab Agreement, for the discovery and optimization of proprietary antibodies as potential therapeutic product candidates. Under the A R Adimab Agreement, we will select biological targets against which Adimab will use its proprietary platform technology to research and develop antibody proteins using a mutually agreed upon research plan. The A R Adimab Agreement, among other things, extended the discovery term of the Original Adimab Agreement, provided access to additional antibodies, and expanded our right to evaluate and use antibodies that were modified or derived using Adimab technology for diagnostic purposes. 
 Upon our selection of a target, we and Adimab will initiate a research plan and the discovery term begins. During the discovery term, Adimab will grant us a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license under its technology with respect to the target, to research, design and preclinically develop and use antibodies that were modified or derived using Adimab technology, solely to evaluate such antibodies, perform our responsibilities under the research plan, and use such antibodies for certain diagnostic purposes. We also will grant to Adimab a non-exclusive, nontransferable license with respect to the target under our technology that covers or relates to such target, solely to perform its responsibilities under the research plan during the discovery period. We are required to pay Adimab at an agreed upon rate for its full-time employees during the discovery period while Adimab performs research on each target under the applicable research plan. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Adimab granted us an exclusive option to obtain a non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid-up, sublicensable license under Adimab s platform patents and other Adimab technology solely to research up to ten antibodies, chosen by us against a specific biological target for a specified period of time, or the Research Option. In addition, Adimab granted us an exclusive option to obtain a worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under Adimab platform patents and other Adimab technology to exploit, including commercially, 20 or more antibodies against specific biological targets, or the Commercialization Option. Upon the exercise of a Commercialization Option, and payment of the applicable option fee to Adimab, Adimab will assign us the patents that cover the antibodies selected by such Commercialization Option. We will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, seek market approval of, and commercialize at least one antibody against the target covered by the Commercialization Option in specified markets upon the exercise of a Commercialization Option. 
 We are obligated to make milestone payments and specified fees upon the exercise of the Research or Commercialization Options. During the discovery term, we may be obligated to pay Adimab up to 250,000 for technical milestones achieved against each biological target. Upon exercise of a Research Option, we are obligated to pay a nominal research maintenance fee on each of the next four anniversaries of the exercise. Upon the exercise of each Commercialization Option, we will be required to pay an option exercise fee of a low seven-digit dollar amount, and we may be responsible for milestone payments of up to an aggregate of 13.0 million for each licensed product that receives marketing approval. For any licensed product that is commercialized, we are obligated to pay Adimab tiered royalties of a low to mid single-digit percentage on worldwide net sales of such product. We may also partially exercise a Commercialization Option with respect to ten antibodies against a biological target by paying 65 of the option fee and later either (i) paying the balance and choosing additional antibodies for commercialization, up to the maximum number under the Commercialization Option, or (ii) forgoing the Commercialization Option entirely. For any Adimab diagnostic product that is used with or in connection with any compound or product other than a licensed antibody or licensed product, we are obligated to pay Adimab up to a low seven digits in regulatory milestone payments and low single-digit royalties on net sales. No additional payment is due with respect to any companion diagnostic or any diagnostic product that does not contain any licensed antibody. Any payments payable to Adimab as a result of any product candidates being developed pursuant to the GSK Agreement, will be payable to Adimab directly by GSK. 
 The A R Adimab Agreement will remain in effect until the later of (a) the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Research and Commercialization Options (if they expire without exercise) and (ii) 12 months from the effective date without us providing materials that pass Adimab s quality control; or (b) if a Research Option is exercised but the Commercialization Option is not, then upon the expiration of the last to expire research license term; or (c) upon commercialization of a product, until the end of the royalty term, which will vary on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, ending on the later of (y) the expiration of the last valid claim covering the product in such country as the product is manufactured or sold or (z) ten years after the first commercial sale of the product in such country. 
 Either party may terminate the A R Adimab Agreement for material breach if such breach remains uncured for a specified period of time, however, if a Research Option or Commercialization Option has been exercised and the breach only applies to the applicable target of such Research Option or Commercialization Option, then the termination right will only apply to such target. We may also terminate the A R Adimab Agreement for any reason with prior notice to Adimab. If Adimab is bankrupt, we will be entitled to a complete duplicate of, or complete access to, all rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to the A R Adimab Agreement. 
 Manufacturing 
 We rely on and will continue to rely on our contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, for both drug substance and drug product. Currently, all of our manufacturing is outsourced to well-established third-party manufacturers. We have entered into contracts with CMOs for SRF388 and SRF114 related to production of drug substance and drug product for our clinical trials and plan to enter into additional contracts with these or other manufacturers for additional supply. 
 Our outsourced approach to manufacturing relies on CMOs to first develop cell lines and manufacturing processes that are compliant with current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, then produce material for preclinical and clinical studies. Our agreements with CMOs may obligate them to develop a production cell line, establish master and working cell banks, develop and qualify upstream and downstream processes, develop drug product process, validate (and in some cases develop) suitable analytical methods for test and release as well as stability testing, produce drug substance for preclinical testing, produce cGMP-compliant drug substance, or produce cGMP-compliant drug product. We conduct audits of CMOs prior to initiation of activities under these agreements and monitor operations to ensure compliance with the mutually agreed process descriptions and to cGMP regulations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and the immuno-oncology subsector, are characterized by rapid evolution of technologies, fierce competition and strong defense of intellectual property. While we believe that our discovery programs, technology, knowledge, experience, and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, among others. 
 Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with currently approved therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key product features that would affect our ability to effectively compete with other therapeutics include the efficacy, safety and convenience of our products and the ease of use and effectiveness of any complementary diagnostics and/or companion diagnostics. Our competitors fall primarily into the following groups of treatment: 
 Programs in development targeting CCR8, including those by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Gilead/Jounce, Shionogi, AbbVie, Bayer, LaNova and Immunophage; 
 Programs in development targeting PVRIG, including those by Compugen and Jiangsu Hengrui; 
 Programs in development targeting the adenosine axis, including those by AbbVie, Arcus Biosciences, Inc., AstraZeneca PLC, Corvus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Innate Pharma, S.A., iTeos, Trishula Therapeutics (formerly known as Tizona), Elpiscience, Shanghai Junshi, I-Mab, Portage Biotech, Agenus and Exscientia; 
 Traditional cancer therapies, including chemotherapy, targeted therapies; and 
 Approved immunotherapy antibodies such as those targeting CTLA-4 (Yervoy, marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company) and PD-1/PD-L1 (Opdivo, Keytruda, Tecentriq and Libtayo, marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck Co., Genentech, Inc. and Regeneron Inc., respectively). 
 The availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors will also significantly affect the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our competitors also may obtain U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 
 Many of the companies against which we may compete have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our patents and patent applications are directed to our antibodies and accompanying technologies. We seek patent protection for our development programs, product candidates and related alternatives by filing and prosecuting patent applications in the U.S. and other countries as appropriate. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 With respect to our IL-27 therapeutic antibody program, as of March 6, 2023, we solely own five patent families related to compositions of matter and methods of use for various antibodies, including SRF388, and co-own two patent families related to methods of treating cancer with SRF388. The first patent family includes one issued U.S. patent, U.S. 11,332,524, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired international Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, patent application and thirteen pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to one expired U.S. provisional patent application. The second patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application and fourteen pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to one expired U.S. provisional patent application. The third patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application and sixteen pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2039 and 2040, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The fourth patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending ex-U.S. application and a pending PCT application, each claiming priority to three expired U.S. provisional patent applications; any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2042, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The fifth patent family includes one pending U.S. provisional patent application; any patents issuing from this application would be expected to expire in 2043, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The two co-owned families each include one pending U.S. provisional patent application; any patents issuing from either of these applications would be expected to expire in 2043, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we have exclusively licensed from Vaccinex rights to a patent family that covers compositions of matter and methods of use for our CCR8 therapeutic antibody candidates, including SRF114. This patent family includes two pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, one expired PCT patent application, and sixteen pending ex-U.S. patent applications, each claiming priority to three expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2041, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we solely own three patent families related to compositions of matter and methods of use for our CD39 therapeutic antibody candidates, including SRF617, and co-own one patent family related to methods of treating cancer with SRF617. The first solely owned patent family includes two issued U.S. patents, U.S. 10,738,128 and U.S. 10,793,637, two pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, one expired PCT patent application, fourteen issued ex-U.S. patents, one allowed ex-U.S. application and twelve pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. The second solely owned patent family includes one allowed U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, an expired PCT patent application and sixteen pending ex-US applications, each claiming priority to seven expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2039 and 2040, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The third solely owned patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending PCT patent application and one pending ex-U.S. patent application, each claiming priority to three expired U.S. provisional patent applications and the co-owned patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending PCT patent application and one pending ex-U.S. patent application, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2042, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we co-own and have exclusively licensed to Novartis our rights in two patent families that cover compositions of matter and methods of use for our CD73 therapeutic antibody candidate, NZV930. The first patent family includes one issued U.S. patent, U.S. 11,312,783, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application, and forty-eight ex-U.S. patents and pending applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. The second patent family includes two expired U.S. provisional patent applications, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application and one expired PCT patent application. Any patents issuing from the first and second patent families would be expected to expire in 2038 or 2039, respectively, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we own and have exclusively licensed to GSK our rights in two patent families that cover compositions of matter and methods of use for our CD112R therapeutic antibody candidates, including GSK4381562. The first patent family includes two issued U.S. patents, U.S. 11,214,619 and U.S. 11,279,758, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application, two issued ex-U.S. patents, one allowed ex-U.S. patent application, and twenty-four pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. The second family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application, and five pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to an expired U.S. provisional patent application. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2039 and 2040, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug and biological products, including any product candidates we develop. Generally, before a new drug or biologic can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. 
 U.S. Drug Development 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations and biologics under the FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and their implementing regulations. Both drugs and biologics also are subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state and local statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or post-market may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product recalls or market withdrawals, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement and civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 All product candidates we develop must be approved by the FDA through either a New Drug Application, or NDA, or Biologics License Application, or BLA, process before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The process generally involves the following: 
 Completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with GLP requirements; 
 Submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 
 Approval by an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 
 Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 
 Submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA; 
 Payment of user fees for FDA review of an NDA or BLA; 
 A determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to accept the filing for review; 
 Satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug or biologic will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug or biologic s identity, strength, quality and purity; 
 Potential FDA audit of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA or BLA; and 
 FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug or biologic in the United States. 
 The preclinical and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for the product candidates we develop will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. 
 Preclinical Studies and IND 
 Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time, the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 
 Clinical Trials 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of an NDA or BLA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. 
 Clinical trials generally are conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3, and may overlap. 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability and safety of the drug. 
 Phase 2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified, and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. 
 Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. 
 Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human subjects and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug or biologic has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether a trial may move forward at designated checkpoints based on access to certain data from the trial. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug or biologic as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that any product candidates a company develops do not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. 
 NDA/BLA and FDA Review Process 
 Following completion of the clinical trials, data are analyzed to assess whether the investigational product is safe and effective for the proposed indicated use or uses. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are then submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA, along with proposed labeling, chemistry and manufacturing information to ensure product quality and other relevant data. The NDA or BLA is a request for approval to market the drug or biologic for one or more specified indications and must contain proof of safety and efficacy for a drug or safety, purity and potency for a biologic. The application may include both negative and ambiguous results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as positive findings. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of FDA. FDA approval of an NDA or BLA must be obtained before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the United States. 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, each NDA or BLA must be accompanied by a user fee. FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. According to the FDA s fee schedule, effective through September 30, 2023, the user fee for an application requiring clinical data, such as an NDA or BLA, is 3,242,026. The sponsor of an approved NDA or BLA is also subject to an annual prescription drug program fee, which for fiscal year 2023 is 393,933. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs or BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 
 The FDA reviews all submitted NDAs and BLAs before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting the NDA or BLA for filing. The FDA must make a decision on accepting an NDA or BLA for filing within 60 days of receipt. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA or BLA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has ten months, from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of a new molecular-entity NDA or original BLA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of a new molecular-entity NDA or original BLA designated for priority review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs or BLAs, and the review process is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel drug products or drug products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions on approval. The FDA likely will reanalyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. After the FDA evaluates an NDA or BLA, it will issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug or biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA or BLA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data, additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. 
 Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety or providing a major contribution to patient care or in instances of drug supply issues. Competitors, however, may receive approval of either a different product for the same indication or the same product for a different indication but that could be used off-label in the orphan indication. Orphan drug exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval before we do for the same product, as defined by the FDA, for the same indication we are seeking approval, or if a product is determined to be contained within the scope of the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If one of our products designated as an orphan drug receives marketing approval for an indication broader than that which is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs and biologics that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs and biologics are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation applies to both the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor can request the FDA to designate the product for fast track status any time before receiving NDA or BLA approval, but ideally no later than the pre-NDA or pre-BLA meeting. 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a fast track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. Any product is eligible for priority review if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness compared to available therapies. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new drug or biologic designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 A product may also be eligible for accelerated approval, if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies. In addition, it must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biologic receiving accelerated approval perform, with due diligence, adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials to verify and describe the product's clinical benefit. Under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022, or FDORA, the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date accelerated approval is granted. FDORA granted to the FDA increased authority for expedited procedures to withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under accelerated approval if, for example, the confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. If the FDA concludes that a drug or biologic being considered for accelerated approval that is shown to be effective can be safely used only if distribution or use is restricted, it will require such post-marketing restrictions, as it deems necessary to assure safe use of the product. In addition, all promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated approval are generally subject to prior review by the FDA unless the FDA informs the applicant otherwise. 
 Additionally, a drug or biologic may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the product is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. The benefits of breakthrough therapy designation include the same benefits as fast track designation, plus intensive guidance from the FDA to ensure an efficient drug development program. 
 Fast track designation, priority review, accelerated approval and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval, but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, as amended, an NDA or BLA or supplement to an NDA or BLA must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers. The FDCA requires that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan, or PSP, within 60 days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or, if there is no such meeting, as early as practicable before the initiation of the Phase 3 or Phase 2/3 study. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach an agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early phase clinical trials and/or other clinical development programs. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to a drug or biologic for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted, except that PREA will apply to an original NDA or BLA for a new active ingredient that is orphan-designated if the drug or biologic is a molecularly targeted cancer product intended for the treatment of an adult cancer and is directed at a molecular target that FDA determines to be substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer. 
 Post-Marketing Requirements 
 Following approval of a new product, the manufacturer and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and record-keeping activities, reporting of adverse experiences, complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include restrictions on promoting drugs for unapproved uses or patient populations (known as off-label use and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such uses. Prescription drug promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug or biologic, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new NDA/BLA or NDA/BLA supplement, which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, to assure the safe use of the product. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA or BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the NDA or BLA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing. 
 FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with cGMP regulations. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products in accordance with cGMP regulations. These manufacturers must comply with cGMP regulations that require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance, the maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs or biologics are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements and other laws. Manufacturers and other parties involved in the drug supply chain for prescription drugs and biologics must also comply with product tracking and tracing requirements and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stole and intentionally adulterated products or products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the United States. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. The discovery of violative conditions, including failure to conform to cGMP regulations, could result in enforcement actions, and the discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved NDA or BLA, including recall. 
 Companion Diagnostics and Complementary Diagnostics 
 We believe that the success of any product candidates we develop will depend, in part, on the development and commercialization of either a companion diagnostic or complementary diagnostic. Companion diagnostics and complementary diagnostics can identify patients who are most likely to benefit from a particular therapeutic product; identify patients likely to be at increased risk for serious side effects as a result of treatment with a particular therapeutic product; or monitor response to treatment with a particular therapeutic product for the purpose of adjusting treatment to achieve improved safety or effectiveness. Companion diagnostics and complementary diagnostics are regulated as medical devices by the FDA and, as such, require either clearance or approval prior to commercialization. The level of risk combined with available controls to mitigate risk determines whether a companion diagnostic device requires Premarket Approval Application, or PMA, approval or is cleared through the 510(k) premarket notification process. For a novel therapeutic product for which a companion diagnostic device is essential for the safe and effective use of the product, the companion diagnostic device should be developed and approved or 510(k)-cleared contemporaneously with the therapeutic. The use of the companion diagnostic device will be stipulated in the labeling of the therapeutic product. This is also true for a complementary diagnostic, although it is not a prerequisite for receiving the therapeutic. 
 Other Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufactures to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which such companies sell, market and distribute pharmaceutical products. In addition, transparency laws and patient privacy regulations by federal and state governments and by governments in foreign jurisdictions can apply to the manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities of pharmaceutical manufactures. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that can affect a pharmaceutical company s operations include: 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or other federal healthcare programs. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. Violations are subject to civil and criminal fines and penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution; 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the FCA, which prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement, including providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label, material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the federal government. In addition, manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private), and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose, among other things, specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered entities and their business associates. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 
 The federal legislation commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or ACA, and its implementing regulations, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (currently defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other licensed health care practitioners and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 
 Federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs; 
 Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 
 The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, contractual damages and the curtailment or restricting of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause a pharmaceutical manufacturer to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect business in an adverse way. Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medical products. For example, in 2010, the Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, was enacted, which, among other things, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care plans; imposed mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries as a condition for manufacturers outpatient drugs coverage under Medicare Part D; subjected drug manufacturers to new annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal healthcare programs; created a new Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and established the Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, other legislative and regulatory changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted: 
 The Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2 per fiscal year. Subsequent legislation extended the 2 which remains in effect through 2030. Due to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, estimated budget deficit increases resulting from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, and subsequent legislation, Medicare payments to providers will be further reduced starting in 2025 absent further legislation. 
 On January 2, 2013, the U.S. American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. 
 On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 
 On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. 
 There has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. Further, President Biden has issued multiple executive orders that have sought to reduce prescription drug costs. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the Biden administration and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, includes several provisions that will impact our business to varying degrees, including provisions that reduce the out-of-pocket cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries to 2,000 starting in 2025; impose new manufacturer financial liability on certain drugs in Medicare Part D, allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D price caps for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition, require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for certain drug prices that increase faster than inflation, and delay the rebate rule that would limit the fees that pharmacy benefit managers can charge. Further, under the IRA, orphan drugs are exempted from the Medicare drug price negotiation program, but only if they have one rare disease designation and for which the only approved indication is for that disease or condition. If a product receives multiple rare disease designations or has multiple approved indications, it will not qualify for the orphan drug exemption. The effects of the IRA on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known. 
 Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of any product candidates we develop, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension, or PTE, under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. Patent term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The PTE period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term for our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA or BLA. 
 Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for a NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 An abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product was created by the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCI Act, as part of the ACA. This amendment to the PHSA, in part, attempts to minimize duplicative testing. Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a biological product be biosimilar to the reference product and that the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products administered multiple times to an individual, that the product and the reference product may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biological product without such alternation or switch. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structure of biological products as compared to small molecule drugs, as well as the processes by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation that are still being worked out by the FDA. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 A reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest, or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength, or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity, or potency. Therefore, one must determine whether a new product includes a modification to the structure of a previously licensed product that results in a change in safety, purity, or potency to assess whether the licensure of the new product is a first licensure that triggers its own period of exclusivity. Whether a subsequent application, if approved, warrants exclusivity as the first licensure of a biological product is determined on a case-by-case basis with data submitted by the sponsor. In addition, the first biological product determined to be interchangeable with a branded reference product for any condition of use is also eligible for a period of exclusivity, during which time the FDA may not determine that another product is interchangeable with the same reference product for any condition of use. The FDA may approve multiple first interchangeable products so long as they are all approved on the same first day of marketing. This exclusivity period, which may be shared among multiple first interchangeable products, lasts until the earlier of: (1) one year after the first commercial marketing of the first interchangeable product; (2) 18 months after resolution of a patent infringement suit instituted under 42 U.S.C. 262(l)(6) against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product, based on a final court decision regarding all of the patents in the litigation or dismissal of the litigation with or without prejudice; (3) 42 months after approval of the first interchangeable product, if a patent infringement suit instituted under 42 U.S.C. 262(l)(6) against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product is still ongoing; or (4) 18 months after approval of the first interchangeable product if the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product has not been sued under 42 U.S.C. 262(l)(6). 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing regulatory exclusivity periods. This six-month exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. 
 European Union Drug Development 
 In the European Union, or EU, our future products also may be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. As in the United States, medicinal products can be marketed only if a marketing authorization from the competent regulatory agencies has been obtained. 
 Similar to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory controls. In April 2014, the EU adopted the new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014, which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC on January 31, 2022. The transitory provisions of the new Regulation provide that, by January 31, 2025, all ongoing clinical trials must have transitioned to the new Regulation. The new Regulation overhauls the system of approvals for clinical trials in the EU. Specifically, it is directly applicable in all Member States (meaning that no national implementing legislation in each Member State is required), and aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical trials in the EU. The main characteristics of the new Regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point through the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts (Part I contains scientific and medicinal product documentation and Part II contains the national and patient-level documentation). Part I is assessed by a coordinated review by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted (Concerned Member States) of a draft report prepared by a Reference Member State. Part II is assessed separately by each Concerned Member State. Strict deadlines have been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 European Union Drug Review and Approval 
 In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a marketing authorization, or MA. There are two types of MAs. 
 A centralized MA is issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, of the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EU and the additional Member States of the European Economic Area, or EEA (Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicines (gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EU, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or for which a centralized authorization would be in the interest of public health in the EU. 
 National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this national MA can be recognized in other Member States through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State, or RMS. The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of product characteristics, or SmPC, and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States, referred to as the Concerned Member States, for their approval. If the Concerned Member States raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SmPC, labeling, or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the applicable Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the Concerned Member States). 
 Under the above-described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 
 European Union New Chemical Entity Exclusivity 
 In the EU, innovative medicinal products approved on the basis of a complete and independent data package qualify for eight years of data exclusivity upon the grant of an MA and an additional two years of market exclusivity. The data exclusivity, if granted, prevents applicants for authorization of generics or biosimilars of these innovative products from referencing the innovator s preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA, for a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. During the additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic or biosimilar MA application can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic or biosimilar medicinal product can be placed on the EU market. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are determined to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with currently approved therapies. Even if a compound is considered to be an innovative medical product so that the innovator gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the product if such company obtained an MA based on an MA application with a complete and independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 European Union Orphan Designation and Exclusivity 
 In the EU, the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products grants an orphan designation in respect of a product if its sponsor can establish that the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made (or where, without incentives, it is unlikely that the marketing of the medicine in the EU would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment in its development) and where no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the applicable condition has been authorized (or, if such a method exists, the product would be of significant benefit to those affected by such condition). 
 In the EU, orphan designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity is granted following receipt of an MA. During this market exclusivity period, neither the EMA nor the European Commission nor any of the competent authorities in the EU Members States can accept an application or grant an MA for a similar medicinal product . A similar medicinal product is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication. This period may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the orphan designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. During the period of market exclusivity, an MA may only be granted for a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication if: (i) the MA holder for the original orphan medicinal product consents to the authorization of the second orphan medicinal product; or (ii) the manufacturer of the original orphan medicinal product is unable to supply sufficient quantities of the product; or (iii) it is established that the second product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting an application for marketing approval. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. 
 European Union Supplementary Protection Certificate 
 Similar to PTE in the United States, depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of EMA approval of any product candidates we develop, certain issued patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension on a country-by-country basis in the UK and all Member States of the EEA, in accordance with the Council Regulation (EC) No 469/2009 concerning the creation of a supplementary protection certificate (SPC) for medicinal products, or the SPC Regulation. The SPC Regulation permits restoration of the patent term for up to five years as compensation for patent term lost due to the compulsory lengthy testing and clinical trials these products require prior to obtaining regulatory marketing approval. The scope of the SPC extends only to the product covered by the applicable EMA marketing authorization to place the corresponding medicinal product on the EEA market and for any use of the product as a medicinal product that has been authorized before the expiry of the certificate. SPC terms cannot be greater than 5 years, and cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 15 years from the product s regulatory approval date (subject to a possible six month extension under the EU Paediatric Regulation). Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted within six months of either the grant of the marketing authorization in any EEA member state or, if later, the grant of the patent. 
 Rest of the World Regulation 
 For other countries outside of the European Union and the United States, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Sales of our products, when and if approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. In the United States and markets in other countries, patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Further, in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug or biological products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 
 Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 
 safe, effective and medically necessary; 
 appropriate for the specific patient; 
 cost-effective; and 
 neither experimental nor investigational. 
 The United States government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid health care costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products and/or biosimilars for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal healthcare programs. Adoption of general controls and measures, coupled with the tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceutical drugs. 
 The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. The ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs from 15.1 of average manufacturer price, or AMP, to 23.1 of AMP and adding a new rebate calculation for line extensions (i.e., new formulations, such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability by modifying the statutory definition of AMP. The ACA also expanded the universe of Medicaid utilization subject to drug rebates by requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization and by enlarging the population potentially eligible for Medicaid drug benefits. 
 For a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. As of 2010, the ACA expanded the types of entities eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing, although, under the current state of the law, with the exception of children s hospitals, these newly eligible entities will not be eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing on orphan drugs. In addition, as 340B drug pricing is determined based on AMP and Medicaid rebate data, the revisions to the Medicaid rebate formula and AMP definition described above could cause the required 340B discount to increase. This decrease in reimbursement has been challenged in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, and was appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals. On July 31, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit overturned the district court s decision and found that the changes were within the Secretary s authority. On September 14, 2020, the plaintiffs-appellees filed a Petition for Rehearing En Banc (i.e., before the full court); the court denied this Petition on October 16, 2020. On June 15, 2022, the Supreme Court unanimously reversed the Court of Appeals decision, holding that HHS's 2018 and 2019 reimbursement rates for 340B hospitals were contrary to the statute and unlawful. We continue to review developments impacting the 340B program. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides funding for the federal government to compare the effectiveness of different treatments for the same illness. The plan for the research was published in 2012 by the Department of Health and Human Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes for Health, and periodic reports on the status of the research and related expenditures are made to Congress. Although the results of the comparative effectiveness studies are not intended to mandate coverage policies for public or private payors, it is not clear what effect, if any, the research will have on the sales of our drug candidates, if any such drug or the condition that they are intended to treat are the subject of a trial. It is also possible that comparative effectiveness research demonstrating benefits in a competitor s drug could adversely affect the sales of our drug candidate. If third-party payors do not consider our drugs to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our drugs after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our drugs on a profitable basis. 
 Any of these laws, and future state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. 
 As noted above, the marketability of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide coverage and reimbursement. Obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs is a time-consuming and costly process, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which a drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Assuming coverage is obtained for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use products unless coverage is provided, and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of prescribed products. 
 An increasing emphasis on cost containment measures in the United States has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 In addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Employees 
 As of March 6, 2023, we had 60 employees, all full-time, including 41 employees engaged in research and development. We have no collective bargaining agreements with our employees and we have not experienced any work stoppages. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Attracting and retaining high-performing talent, while providing meaningful growth and development opportunities to Surface's employees is critical to the Company's mission of delivering transformative outcomes for people with cancer. Surface leverages numerous resources to identify and enhance leadership capability and foster an energetic and highly collaborative culture that emphasizes collective learning. Surface is focused on pay equity and regularly monitors our compensation practices among similar roles and responsibilities throughout our organization. In addition to offering a comprehensive suite of benefits ranging from medical and dental coverage to retirement, disability and life insurance programs, Surface also provides and promotes health and wellness programs, as well as employee assistance programs. Surface continuously cultivates and enhances its culture and embraces equality, diversity and inclusion as fundamental to its mission. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Equity, Equality, Diversity Inclusion (EED I) 
 At the foundation of achieving its mission, is the ability for Surface to foster an inclusive and diverse workforce. Surface defines key focus areas and objectives and includes implementation plans related to equity, equality, diversity and inclusion. Surface s leadership, including its board of directors, is committed to ensuring that equity, equality, diversity and inclusion remain essential to the core values of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, women represented 65 of Surface employees and 63 of senior leadership positions. Additionally, 22 of Surface s workforce was comprised of members who are racially or ethnically diverse. Surface s equity, equality, diversity and inclusion principles are reflected in our employee training and policies. 
 COVID-19 Health and Safety 
 Surface prioritized the health and safety of its employees during the COVID-19 pandemic by implementing temporary office and facility closures; establishing new safety and cleaning protocols and procedures; providing regular communication regarding the effect of the pandemic on Surface s operations and employees; establishing physical distancing procedures, modification of workspaces and provision of personal protective equipment and cleaning supplies for employees; and providing remote working accommodations and related services to support employees needs for flexibility. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in April 2014. The Company s website address is www.surfaceoncology.com. The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge through the Financial Information SEC Filings section of its website, as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed or furnished with the SEC. The SEC maintains a file that contains these reports as well as proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. The SEC s website is www.sec.gov. The Company s website and its contents are not deemed incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 `Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related To Our Financial Position And Need For Additional Capital 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have incurred significant losses since inception. We expect to incur losses for at least the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We have incurred significant net losses since inception. Our net losses were 63.6 million and 78.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We earned net income of 59.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of revenue recognized under the license agreement, or the GSK Agreement, with GlaxoSmithKline, or GSK. As of December 31, 2022 we had an accumulated deficit of 204.3 million. We have funded our operations to date primarily with proceeds from public and private sales of our securities, payments received under our collaboration agreement with Novartis, payments received in connection with the GSK Agreement, and a debt financing. To date, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring and discovering development programs, securing related intellectual property rights and conducting discovery, research and development activities for our programs. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete any clinical trials, including pivotal clinical trials, obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. We expect that it will be several years, if ever, before we have a commercialized product. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 pursue the clinical development of product candidates; 
 leverage our programs to advance product candidates into preclinical and clinical development; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 
 hire additional clinical, quality control and scientific personnel; 
 expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our operations as a public company; 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 establish a sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own or jointly; and 
 acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 
 To become and remain profitable, we, Novartis, GSK, or any potential future collaborator must develop and eventually commercialize products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval for product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 Our ability to generate revenue from product sales and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with our collaborative partners, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize, our development programs. We do not anticipate generating revenue from product sales for the next several years, if ever. Our ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends heavily on our, Novartis , GSK's or any potential future collaborators success in: 
 completing clinical and preclinical development of product candidates and programs and identifying and developing new product candidates; 
 seeking and obtaining marketing approvals for any product candidates that we develop; 
 launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval by establishing a sales force, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure or, alternatively, collaborating with a commercialization partner; 
 achieving adequate coverage and reimbursement by hospitals, government and third-party payors for product candidates that we develop; 
 establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate, in both amount and quality, products and services to support clinical development and the market demand for product candidates that we develop, if approved; 
 obtaining market acceptance of product candidates that we develop as viable treatment options; 
 addressing any competing technological and market developments; 
 negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; 
 the ability to partner any programs we decide to cease development of, such as SRF617; 
 maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; 
 defending against third-party interference or infringement claims, if any; and 
 attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
 Even if one or more of the product candidates that we develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or the EMA, or other regulatory agencies to perform clinical trials or studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 We will require substantial additional financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. A failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to continue the preclinical and clinical development of our current and future programs. If we are able to gain marketing approval for product candidates that we develop, including SRF388 and SRF114, we will require significant additional amounts of cash in order to launch and commercialize such product candidates to the extent that such launch and commercialization are not the responsibility of Novartis, GSK or another collaborator that we may contract with in the future. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise. Because the design and outcome of our planned and anticipated clinical trials is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of any product candidate we develop. 
 Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our product candidates and programs, and of conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining marketing approvals for our current product candidates and any future product candidates we develop if clinical trials are successful; 
 the success of our collaborations, including with Novartis, GSK and any future collaborator; 
 the cost of commercialization activities for our current product candidates and any product candidates we develop, whether alone or with a collaborator, if any product candidate we develop is approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs; 
 the cost of manufacturing our current product candidates for clinical trials in preparation for marketing approval and in preparation for commercialization; 
 our ability to establish and maintain strategic licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements; 
 the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, expanding, defending and enforcing patent claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; 
 the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, our future products, if any; 
 the emergence of competing cancer therapies and other adverse market developments; and 
 the requirement for, and cost of, developing complementary diagnostics and/or companion diagnostics. 
 We do not have any committed external source of funds or other support for our development efforts. Until we can generate sufficient product and royalty revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we expect to finance our future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing or distribution arrangements. Based on our research and development plans, we expect that the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the concurrent private placement, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, will enable us to fund our operating expenses, debt service obligations and capital expenditure requirements into the third quarter of 2024, excluding any future milestone payments from Novartis or GSK. 
 If we raise additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish certain valuable rights to our product candidates, technologies, future revenue streams or research programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. Further, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, your ownership interest will be diluted. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we would be subject to fixed payment obligations and may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable to obtain additional funding on favorable terms when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or suspend one or more of our research and development programs or clinical trials. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Our Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, contains restrictive and financial covenants that may limit our operating flexibility. 
 Our Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, or the Loan Amendment, with K2 HealthVentures LLC, or K2 Health Ventures, contains certain restrictive covenants that either limit our ability to, or require a mandatory prepayment in the event that, we engage in new lines of business, incur additional indebtedness or liens, make certain investments, make certain payments, pay cash dividends, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, transfer or dispose of certain assets, liquidate or dissolve, amend certain material agreements, enter into various other specified transactions, executive office or executive management without notice. We, therefore, may not be able to engage in any of the foregoing transactions unless we obtain the consent of K2 Health Ventures or prepay the outstanding amount under the Loan Amendment. Our obligations under the Loan Amendment are secured by all of our property, with certain exceptions. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the principal and interest under the Loan Amendment. 
 Risks Related To Product Development And Regulatory Process 
 If we are unable to advance our current or future product candidates through clinical trials, obtain marketing approval and ultimately commercialize any product candidates we develop, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We are early in our development efforts. Four of our product candidates, SRF388, SRF114, GSK4381562 (formerly SRF813) and NZV930 (formerly SRF373), are being investigated by us and our collaborators in ongoing early-stage clinical trials. The rest of our product candidates are all in preclinical development. We have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources into our clinical studies as well as the identification of targets and preclinical development of antibodies. 
 Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for several years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of the product candidates we develop, which may never occur. Our current product candidates, and any future product candidates we develop, will require additional preclinical and clinical development, management of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, marketing approval in the United States and other markets, demonstrating effectiveness to pricing and reimbursement authorities, obtaining sufficient manufacturing supply for both clinical development and commercial production, building of a commercial organization, and substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenues from product sales. The success of our current and future product candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: 
 successful completion of clinical trials and preclinical studies; 
 sufficiency of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 acceptance of INDs for our planned clinical trials or future clinical trials; 
 successful enrollment and completion of clinical trials; 
 successful data from our clinical program that supports an acceptable risk-benefit profile of our product candidates in the intended populations; 
 receipt of regulatory and marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 receipt and maintenance of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 establishing agreements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply for our clinical trials and commercial manufacturing, if our product candidate is approved; 
 entry into collaborations to further the development of our product candidates; 
 obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; 
 successfully launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved; 
 acceptance of the product candidate s benefits and uses, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 
 maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of the product candidates following approval; 
 effectively competing with other therapies; 
 obtaining and maintaining healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; and 
 enforcing and defending intellectual property rights and claims. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 If we are not successful with respect to one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize the product candidates we develop, which would materially harm our business. If we do not receive marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that we develop, we may not be able to continue our operations. 
 Preclinical development is uncertain. Our preclinical programs may experience delays or may never advance to clinical trials, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize these programs on a timely basis or at all, which would have an adverse effect on our business. 
 In order to obtain FDA approval to market a new biological product we must demonstrate proof of safety, purity and potency or efficacy in humans. To meet these requirements, we will have to conduct adequate and well-controlled clinical trials. Before we can commence clinical trials for a product candidate, we must complete extensive preclinical testing and studies that support our planned INDs in the United States. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our preclinical testing and studies and cannot predict if the FDA will accept our proposed clinical programs or if the outcome of our preclinical testing and studies will ultimately support the further development of our programs. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to submit INDs or similar applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and we cannot be sure that submission of INDs or similar applications will result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities allowing clinical trials to begin. 
 Conducting preclinical testing is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process. The length of time may vary substantially according to the type, complexity and novelty of the program, and often can be several years or more per program. Delays associated with programs for which we are directly conducting preclinical testing and studies may cause us to incur additional operating expenses. Moreover, we may be affected by delays associated with the preclinical testing and studies of programs that are the responsibility of Novartis, GSK or our potential future partners over which we have no control. The commencement and rate of completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials for a product candidate may be delayed by many factors, including, for example: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical studies; 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; and 
 the FDA not allowing us to rely on previous findings of safety and efficacy for other similar but approved products and published scientific literature. 
 Moreover, even if clinical trials do begin for our preclinical programs, our development efforts may not be successful, and clinical trials that we conduct or that third parties conduct on our behalf may not demonstrate sufficient safety, purity and potency or efficacy to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for any of product candidates we develop. Even if we obtain positive results from preclinical studies or initial clinical trials, we may not achieve the same success in future trials. 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, the EMA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA, the EMA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that none of our current or future product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Our current and future product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe, pure and potent or effective for its proposed indication; 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from clinical trials or preclinical studies; 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a Biologics License Application, or BLA, to the FDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere; 
 the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 This lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any product candidate we develop, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. The FDA, the EMA and other comparable foreign authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and determining when or whether regulatory approval will be obtained for any product candidate that we develop. Even if we believe the data collected from future clinical trials of our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA, the EMA or any other regulatory authority. 
 In addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 Further, we have not previously submitted a BLA to the FDA, or a Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA, to the EMA. We cannot be certain that any of our programs will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. Further, product candidates we develop may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical trials. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. 
 Clinical product development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with uncertain outcomes. We may experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our current and future product candidates. 
 To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our products are safe, pure and potent or effective in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process and our future clinical trial results may not be successful. 
 We may experience delays in completing our clinical trials or preclinical studies and initiating or completing additional clinical trials. We may also experience numerous unforeseen events during our clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize the product candidates we develop, including: 
 regulators or Institutional Review Boards, or IRBs, or ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 
 we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective contract research organizations, or CROs; 
 the number of patients required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate; 
 it may be difficult to enroll a sufficient number of patients with a predictive biomarker or enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, or participants may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than we anticipate; 
 our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the clinical trial protocol or drop out of the trial, which may require that we add new clinical trial sites or investigators; and 
 the supply or quality of materials for product candidates we develop or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials may be insufficient or inadequate. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 We could encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted or ethics committees, by the Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, for such trial or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of our product candidates. 
 If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Significant clinical trial delays could also allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do or shorten any periods during which we have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates or result in the development of our product candidates being stopped early. 
 The results of early-stage clinical trials and preclinical studies may not be predictive of future results. Initial success in our ongoing clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when these trials are completed or in later stage trials. 
 The results of preclinical studies may not be predictive of the results of clinical trials, and the results of any early-stage clinical trials we commence may not be predictive of the results of the later-stage clinical trials. In addition, initial success in clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when such trials are completed. There can be no assurance that any of our current or future clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of any of our product candidates. There is a high failure rate for drugs and biologics proceeding through clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical development even after achieving promising results in earlier studies, and any such setbacks in our clinical development could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 We expect that we will need to develop, or enter into a collaboration or partnership to develop complementary diagnostics and/or companion diagnostics for our current or future product candidates. If we, or our future collaborators, are unable to successfully develop such companion diagnostics or complementary diagnostics, or experience significant delays in doing so, we may not realize the full commercial potential of our future product candidates. 
 As one of the key elements of our product development strategy, we seek to identify cancer patient populations who may derive meaningful benefit from our current or future product candidates. Because predictive biomarkers may be used to identify the right patients for our programs and our current or future product candidates, we believe that our success may depend, in part, on our ability to develop complementary diagnostics and/or companion diagnostics in collaboration with partners. 
 We have little experience in the development of diagnostics and, as such, we expect to rely on future collaborators in developing appropriate diagnostics to pair with our current or future product candidates. We have not yet begun discussions with any potential partners with respect to the development of complementary diagnostics and/or companion diagnostics and may be unsuccessful in entering into collaborations for the development of companion diagnostics for our programs and our current or future product candidates. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Complementary diagnostics and/or companion diagnostics are subject to regulation by the FDA and similar regulatory authorities outside the United States as medical devices and require separate regulatory approval or clearance prior to commercialization. If we, our collaborators, or any third parties that we engage to assist us, are unable to successfully develop complementary diagnostics and/or companion diagnostics for our product candidates and any future product candidates, or experience delays in doing so: 
 the development of our product candidates and any other future product candidates may be adversely affected if we are unable to appropriately select patients for enrollment in our clinical trials; and 
 we may not realize the full commercial potential of our product candidates and any other future product candidates that receive marketing approval if, among other reasons, we are unable to appropriately identify, or it takes us longer to identify, patients who are likely to benefit from therapy with our products, if approved. 
 If any of these events were to occur, our business would be harmed, possibly materially. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise be adversely affected. 
 The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 
 our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients with a predictive biomarker, if any; 
 the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 
 the proximity of patients to study sites; 
 the design of the trial; 
 our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
 clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new products that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents for participation in our clinical trials and, where appropriate, biopsies for future patient enrichment efforts; 
 the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion or, because they are late-stage cancer patients, will not survive the full terms of the clinical trials; and 
 factors we may not be able to control, such as current or potential pandemics that may limit patients, principal investigators or staff or clinical site availability (e.g., additional outbreaks of COVID-19 or its variants). 
 In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our current and potential future product candidates. This competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such sites. Moreover, because our current and potential future product candidates may represent a departure from more commonly used methods for cancer treatment, potential patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional therapies, such as chemotherapy, rather than enroll patients in our ongoing or any future clinical trial. We may also engage third parties to develop companion diagnostics for use in our clinical trials, but such third parties may not be successful in developing such companion diagnostics, furthering the difficulty in identifying patients with the targeted genetic mutations for our clinical trials. We may also engage third parties to develop companion diagnostics for use in our clinical trials, but such third parties may not be successful in developing such companion diagnostics, furthering the difficulty in identifying patients with the targeted genetic mutations for our clinical trials. 
 Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of the product candidates we develop. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our current or future product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs that could halt their clinical development, prevent their marketing approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 Undesirable or clinically unmanageable side effects could occur and cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of marketing approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Results of our trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. For example, in December 2018, we announced the deprioritization of SRF231 as a result of toxicities seen during the dose escalation portion of the then-ongoing Phase 1 trial. We concluded the Phase 1 trial in 2021 and have ceased development of SRF231. 
 If unacceptable toxicities or other undesirable side effects arise in the development of any of our current or future product candidates, we or our collaborators could suspend or terminate our trials, or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease clinical trials or deny approval of the product candidate for any or all targeted indications. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial, or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidate and may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Although our current and future product candidates have undergone and will undergo safety testing to the extent possible and, where applicable, under such conditions discussed with regulatory authorities, not all adverse effects of drugs can be predicted or anticipated. Immunotherapy, and its method of action of harnessing the body s immune system, is powerful and could lead to serious side effects that we only discover in clinical trials. Unforeseen side effects could arise either during clinical development or, if such side effects are rarer, after our products have been approved by regulatory authorities and the approved product has been marketed, resulting in the exposure of additional patients. So far, we have not demonstrated that any of our product candidates are safe in humans, and we cannot predict if ongoing or future clinical trials will do so. If any of our current or future product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical trials or do not gain marketing approval, we will not be able to generate revenue and our business will be harmed. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the marketing approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us or any of our existing or future collaboration partners from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of any product candidate we develop. 
 Any current or future product candidate we may develop and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate in a given jurisdiction. We have not received approval to market any product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction and it is possible that none of the product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. We have no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs or regulatory consultants to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the biologic product candidate s safety, purity, efficacy and potency. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority. Any product candidates we develop may not be effective, may be only moderately effective, or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. 
 The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive, may take many years if additional clinical trials are required, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit, or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of any current or future product candidates we may develop, the commercial prospects for those product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 
 Obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our current and future product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining marketing approval of our current and future product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 Obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our current and future product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain marketing approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining marketing approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the marketing approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
 We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign marketing approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 Adverse events in the field of immuno-oncology could damage public perception of our current or future product candidates and negatively affect our business. 
 The commercial success of our products will depend in part on public acceptance of the use of cancer immunotherapies. While a number of cancer immunotherapies have received regulatory approval and are being commercialized, our approach to targeting different components of the tumor microenvironment is novel and unproven. Adverse events in clinical trials our product candidates or in clinical trials of others developing similar products and the resulting publicity, as well as any other adverse events in the field of immuno-oncology that may occur in the future, could result in a decrease in demand for any product that we may develop. If public perception is influenced by claims that the use of cancer immunotherapies is unsafe, whether related to our therapies or those of our competitors, our products may not be accepted by the general public or the medical community. 
 Future adverse events in immuno-oncology or the biopharmaceutical industry could also result in greater governmental regulation, stricter labeling requirements and potential regulatory delays in the testing or approvals of our products. Any increased scrutiny could delay or increase the costs of obtaining marketing approval for the product candidates we develop. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Even if we receive marketing approval of a product candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products, if approved. 
 Any marketing approvals that we receive for any current or future product candidate may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-market testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, as a condition of approval of any product candidate, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves a product candidate, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import and export and record keeping for the product candidate will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, and Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with any approved candidate, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or product recalls; 
 fines, untitled and warning letters, or holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications we filed or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 
 product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of the product; and 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay marketing approval of a product. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Even if a current or future product candidate receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 If any current or future product candidate we develop receives marketing approval, whether as a single agent or in combination with other therapies, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community. For example, current approved immunotherapies, and other cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy, are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these therapies. If the product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. See the section entitled Business Government Regulation Coverage and Reimbursement . The degree of market acceptance of any product candidate, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; 
 the ability to offer our products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices; 
 convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 
 the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 
 the strength of marketing and distribution support; 
 the ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement, including with respect to the use of the approved product as a combination therapy; 
 adoption of a companion diagnostic and/or complementary diagnostic; and 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Even if we obtain coverage for our product candidates by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the U.S., the European Union or elsewhere will be available for our product candidates or any product that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly-approved products. In the U.S., third-party payors, and governmental healthcare plans, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models in the United States. for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs and biologics. Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse healthcare providers who use such therapies. We cannot predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. Outside the U.S., international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions have and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of our product candidates. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the U.S. and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products, and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed health care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and biologics and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. 
 The market opportunities for any current or future product candidate we develop, if and when approved, may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for established therapies or for whom prior therapies have failed, and may be small. 
 Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized as first-line, second-line, or third-line, and the FDA often approves new therapies initially only for third-line use. When cancer is detected early enough, first-line therapy, usually chemotherapy, hormone therapy, surgery, radiation therapy or a combination of these, is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life without a cure. Second- and third-line therapies are administered to patients when prior therapy is not effective. We expect to initially seek approval of any product candidates we develop as a therapy for patients who have received one or more prior treatments. Subsequently, for those products that prove to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval potentially as a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that product candidates we develop, even if approved, would be approved for first-line therapy, and, prior to any such approvals, we may have to conduct additional clinical trials. 
 The number of patients who have the cancers we are targeting may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our current programs or future product candidates may be limited, if and when approved. Even if we obtain significant market share for any product candidate, if and when approved, if the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining marketing approval for additional indications, including to be used as first- or second-line therapy. 
 We expect to develop our product candidates in combination with other therapies, which exposes us to additional risks. 
 We are developing some product candidates in combination with one or more currently approved cancer therapies. Even if any product candidate we develop were to receive marketing approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing therapies, we would continue to be subject to the risks that the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States could revoke approval of the therapy used in combination with our product candidate or that safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with these existing therapies. Combination therapies are commonly used for the treatment of cancer, and we would be subject to similar risks if we develop any of our product candidates for use in combination with other drugs or for indications other than cancer. This could result in our own products being removed from the market or being less successful commercially. 
 We may also evaluate our product candidates in combination with one or more other cancer therapies that have not yet been approved for marketing by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States. We will not be able to market and sell any product candidate we develop in combination with any such unapproved cancer therapies that do not ultimately obtain marketing approval. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 If the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States do not approve these other drugs or revoke their approval of, or if safety, efficacy, manufacturing, or supply issues arise with, the drugs we choose to evaluate in combination with any product candidate we develop, we may be unable to obtain approval of or market any product candidate we develop. 
 We face significant competition and if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the product candidates we develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 
 The life sciences industry is highly competitive. We are currently developing therapeutics that will compete, if approved, with other products and therapies that currently exist or are being developed. Products we may develop in the future are also likely to face competition from other products and therapies, some of which we may not currently be aware. We have competitors both in the United States and internationally, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing, product development, technical and human resources than we do. Large pharmaceutical companies, in particular, have extensive experience in clinical testing, obtaining marketing approvals, recruiting patients and manufacturing pharmaceutical products. These companies also have significantly greater research and marketing capabilities than we do and may also have products that have been approved or are in late stages of development, and collaborative arrangements in our target markets with leading companies and research institutions. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make the product candidates that we develop obsolete. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. As a result of all of these factors, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection and/or marketing approval or discovering, developing and commercializing products in our field before we do. 
 There are a large number of companies developing or marketing treatments for cancer, including many major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. These treatments consist both of large and small molecule drug products. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe effects, are more convenient, have a broader label, are marketed more effectively, are reimbursed or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, EMA or other marketing approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Even if any product candidate we develop achieves marketing approval, they may be priced at a significant premium over competitive products if any have been approved by then, resulting in reduced competitiveness. 
 Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. In addition, the biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapid technological change. If we fail to stay at the forefront of technological change, we may be unable to compete effectively. Technological advances or products developed by our competitors may render our product candidates obsolete, less competitive or not economical. 
 Even if we are able to commercialize any product candidates, such products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which would harm our business. 
 The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a product before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product candidate in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product candidate, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product candidate in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain marketing approval. See the section entitled Business Government Regulation Coverage and Reimbursement . 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to commercialize any product candidates, whether as a single agent or combination therapy, successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these product candidates and related treatments will be available from government authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. It is difficult to predict at this time what government authorities and third-party payors will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement for our programs. 
 A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular products and requiring substitutions of generic products and/or biosimilars. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for drugs. We cannot be sure that coverage will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if coverage is available, the level of reimbursement. These third-party payors are also examining the cost-effectiveness of drugs in addition to their safety and efficacy. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. Payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. 
 Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, as the process is time-consuming and costly, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Additionally, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors in the United States, which may result in coverage and reimbursement for drug products that can differ significantly from payor to payor. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. For example, on October 1, 2020, the FDA published a final rule that allows for the importation of certain prescription drugs from Canada. FDA also issued a Final Guidance document outlining a pathway for manufacturers to obtain an additional National Drug Code, or NDC, for an FDA-approved drug that was originally intended to be marketed in a foreign country and that was authorized for sale in that foreign country. Since the issuance of the final rule, on November 23, 2020, several industry groups filed a joint federal lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, requesting injunctive relief to prevent certification from the Secretary of HHS from taking effect and challenging multiple aspects of the final rule. This litigation was dismissed in February 2023 for lack of standing. The regulatory and market implications of the final rule and guidance are unknown at this time. Proponents of drug reimportation may attempt to pass legislation that would directly allow reimportation under certain circumstances. Legislation, regulations or policies allowing the reimportation of drugs could decrease the price we receive for our products and adversely affect our future revenues and prospects for profitability. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved drugs that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize drugs and our overall financial condition. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover other product candidates and may fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may present a greater commercial opportunity or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 The success of our business depends upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize product candidates. If we do not successfully develop and eventually commercialize products, we will face difficulty in obtaining product revenue in future periods, resulting in significant harm to our financial position and adversely affecting our share price. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources, and we may fail to identify potential product candidates for numerous reasons. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, because we have limited resources, we may forego or delay the pursuit of opportunities with certain programs or product candidates or for indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. For example, in December 2018, we announced a significant reduction of the investment in our SRF231 program and later terminated its development. Additionally, in November 2022, we announced a significant reduction of the investment in our SRF617 program. Based on the reallocation of capital, we are prioritizing SRF388 and SRF114. However, the advancement of SRF388 and SRF114 may ultimately prove to be unsuccessful or less successful than another program in our pipeline that we might have chosen to accelerate with our capital resources. Our estimates regarding the potential market for our product candidates could be inaccurate, and our spending on current and future research and development programs may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through strategic collaboration, licensing or other arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. For example, we licensed worldwide development and commercialization rights with respect to NZV930 and GSK4381562 to Novartis and GSK, respectively, and we will receive only milestone payments and royalties on sales of NZV930 and GSK4381562, if approved. Alternatively, we may allocate internal resources to a product candidate in a therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 
 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon or delay our development efforts with respect to a particular product candidate or fail to develop a potentially successful product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may seek breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA for a product candidate that we develop, and we may be unsuccessful. If we are successful, the designation may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 We may seek breakthrough therapy designation for any product candidate that we develop. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA are also eligible for accelerated approval and priority review. 
 Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe a product candidate we develop meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of breakthrough therapy designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if the product candidates we develop qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that the drugs no longer meet the conditions for qualification and rescind the designation. 
 We have received fast track designation from the FDA for SRF388 for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma. We may in the future seek fast track designation for other product candidates that we develop, and we may be unsuccessful. Fast track designation may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 
 We have received fast track designation from the FDA for SRF388 for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma, and we may seek fast track designation for other product candidates we develop. If a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need for this condition, the product sponsor may apply for fast track designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. We may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures for SRF388 or any other product candidates that receive fast track designation. Furthermore, the FDA may rescind the fast track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We have received orphan drug designation from the FDA for SRF388 for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma and for SRF617 for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. We may in the future seek orphan drug designation for other product candidates we develop, and we may be unsuccessful. We may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including the potential for market exclusivity. 
 We have received orphan drug designation from the FDA for SRF388 for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma and for SRF617 for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. We may seek orphan drug designation for certain of our other product candidates we develop. However, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining orphan drug designation for certain of our other product candidates and may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. 
 Similarly, in the EU, the European Commission grants orphan designation after receiving the opinion of the EMA Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products on an orphan designation application. Orphan designation is intended to promote the development of drugs that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the EU and for which no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment has been authorized (or the product would be a significant benefit to those affected). Additionally, designation is granted for drugs intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the EU would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in its development. In the EU, orphan designation entitles a party to a number of incentives, such as protocol assistance and scientific advice specifically for designated orphan medicines, and potential fee reductions depending on the status of the sponsor. 
 Generally, if a drug with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the drug is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the EMA or the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug and indication for that time period, except in limited circumstances. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and ten years in the EU. The EU exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable such that market exclusivity is no longer justified. 
 The exclusivity provided by orphan drug designation may not effectively protect our product candidates from competition because different therapies can be approved for the same condition and the same therapies can be approved for different conditions but used off-label. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In addition, a designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. Moreover, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. While we may seek additional orphan drug designations for applicable indications for our current and any future product candidates, we may never receive such designations. There is no guarantee that we will enjoy the benefits of orphan drug designation for SRF388, SRF617 or any other product candidate for which we may receive orphan drug designation. Additionally, the FDA may reevaluate its regulations and policies under the Orphan Drug Act. We do not know if, when, or how the FDA may change the orphan drug regulations and policies in the future, and it is uncertain how any changes might affect our business. Depending on what changes the FDA may make to its orphan drug regulations and policies, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Accelerated approval by the FDA, even if granted for our current or future product candidates, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive regulatory approval. 
 We may seek accelerated approval of our current or future product candidates using the FDA s accelerated approval pathway. A product may be eligible for accelerated approval if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies. In addition, it must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of approval, the FDA generally requires that a sponsor of a drug or biologic receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-approval confirmatory clinical trials which must be completed with due diligence. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act, or FDORA, gives the FDA increased authority to withdraw approval of a product granted accelerated approval on an expedited basis if the sponsor fails to conduct such trials in a timely manner or if such post-approval trials fail to verify the drug s predicted clinical benefit. FDORA also requires sponsors to send updates to the FDA every 180 days on the status of such studies, including progress toward enrollment targets, and the FDA must promptly post this information publicly. Under FDORA, the FDA is empowered to take action, such as issuing fines, against companies that fail to conduct with due diligence any post-approval confirmatory trial or submit timely reports to the agency on their progress. In addition, the FDA currently requires, unless otherwise informed by the agency, pre-approval of promotional materials for products receiving accelerated approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Even if we do receive accelerated approval, we may not experience a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and receiving accelerated approval does not provide assurance of ultimate FDA approval. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of any approved products. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of product candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if any product candidate we develop causes or is perceived to cause injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of any approved products. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for any approved product; 
 injury to our reputation; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 loss of revenue; 
 exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 
 the inability to commercialize any product candidate; 
 a decline in our share price; and 
 a default under the Loan Amendment. 
 Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with corporate collaborators. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, if at all. Our insurance policy contains various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with Novartis or any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjects biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars, addresses a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and creates a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 70 (as of January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. See the section entitled Business Government Regulation Healthcare Reform. 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. It is unclear what effect such changes will have on our business and our ability to receive adequate reimbursement for our future products. Some of these proposed measures, including drug importation and pharmacy benefit manager rebate rule changes, face legal challenges from industry groups and participants. We cannot predict whether additional reform initiatives will be adopted in the future or whether initiatives that have been adopted will be repealed or modified, or whether legal challenges will be successful. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect: 
 the demand for any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 
 our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 
 our ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement approval for a product; 
 our ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability; and 
 and the level of taxes that we are required to pay. 
 We expect that changes and challenges to the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies, and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any future approved product. 
 We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations. 
 Among other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations, which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors, and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other negative consequences. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase over time. We plan to engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents, or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We may fail to comply with evolving European and other privacy laws. 
 In the event we conduct clinical trials in the European Economic Area, or EEA, we may be subject to additional privacy laws. The General Data Protection Regulation, (EU) 2016/679, or GDPR, became effective on May 25, 2018, and deals with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. The GDPR imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the GDPR, including requirements relating to having legal bases for processing personal information relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside the EEA, including to the United States, providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal information, keeping personal information secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal information, responding to individuals requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal information, reporting security breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments, and record-keeping. The GDPR increases substantially the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance, including fines of up to 10,000,000 Euros or up to 2 of our total worldwide annual turnover for certain comparatively minor offenses, or up to 20,000,000 Euros or up to 4 of our total worldwide annual turnover for more serious offenses. Given the limited enforcement of the GDPR to date, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements on our trials and we may be unsuccessful in implementing all measures required by data protection authorities or courts in interpretation of the new law. 
 In particular, EU member states have implemented national laws which may partially deviate from the GDPR and impose different obligations from country to country, so we do not expect to operate in a uniform legal landscape in the EU. Also, as it relates to processing and transfer of genetic data, the GDPR specifically allows national laws to impose additional and more specific requirements or restrictions, and European laws have historically differed quite substantially in this field, leading to additional uncertainty. 
 In addition, further to the UK s exit from the EU on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the UK at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the UK s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR. The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the UK s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU s data protection regime. The UK Government has announced plans to reform its data protection legal framework in its Data Reform Bill but those have been put on hold. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 17.5 million or 4 of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the European Commission, or the EC, has now issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. 
 To enable the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA or the UK, adequate safeguards must be implemented in compliance with European and UK data protection laws. With regard to transfers of personal data from the EEA, transfers to third world countries that have not been approved as adequate are prohibited unless an appropriate safeguard specified by the EU GDPR is implemented, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) approved by the EC or binding corporate rules, or a derogation applies. In the past, companies in the U.S. were able to rely upon the Privacy Shield framework to legitimize data transfers from the EEA to the U.S. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union, or CJEU, in Case C-311/18 (Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems, or Schrems II) invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield on the grounds that it failed to offer adequate protections to EEA personal data transferred to the U.S. The CJEU, in the same decision, deemed that the Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs, published by the EC are valid. However, the CJEU ruled that transfers made pursuant to the SCCs need to be assessed on a case-by-case basis to ensure the law in the recipient country provides essentially equivalent protections to safeguard the transferred personal data as the EEA, and required businesses to adopt supplementary measures if such standard is not met. 
 On June 4, 2021, the EC issued new forms of standard contractual clauses for data transfers from controllers or processors in the EU/EEA (or otherwise subject to the GDPR) to controllers or processors established outside the EU/EEA (and not subject to the GDPR). The new standard contractual clauses replace the standard contractual clauses that were adopted previously under the EU Data Protection Directive. The UK is not subject to the EC s new standard contractual clauses but has published a draft version of a UK-specific transfer mechanism, which, once finalized, will enable transfers from the UK. On March 25, 2022, the EC and the U.S. announced to have reached a political agreement on a new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework , which will replace the invalidated Privacy Shield and on December 13, 2022, the EC published a draft adequacy decision on the Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework. We will be required to implement these new safeguards when conducting restricted data transfers under the EU and UK GDPR and doing so will require significant effort and cost. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, many jurisdictions outside of Europe are also considering and/or enacting comprehensive data protection legislation. Compliance with these and any other applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we may face significant fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related To Reliance On Third Parties 
 We are fully dependent on our collaboration with Novartis for the development of NZV930 and GSK for the development of GSK4381562, and may depend on additional third parties for the development and commercialization of our other programs and future product candidates. Our current and future collaborators may control aspects of our clinical trials, which could result in delays or other obstacles in the commercialization of the product candidates we develop. If our collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these product candidates. 
 In January 2016, we entered into a strategic collaboration agreement with Novartis, or the Novartis Agreement, to develop next generation cancer therapies. Pursuant to the Novartis Agreement, we granted Novartis a worldwide exclusive license to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize antibodies that target CD73. Similarly, in December 2020, we entered into a license agreement with GSK, the GSK Agreement, pursuant to which we granted GSK a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license to develop and commercialize specified antibodies, including GSK4381562. Each of the Novartis Agreement and GSK Agreement involves a complex allocation of rights, provides for milestone payments to us based on the achievement of specified clinical development, regulatory and commercial milestones, and provides us with royalty-based sales revenue. Our lack of control over the clinical development of certain programs with current and future collaborators could result in delays or other difficulties in the development and commercialization of product candidates, which may prevent completion of intended IND filings in a timely fashion, if at all. In particular, Novartis and GSK are solely responsible for the development and commercialization of NZV930 and GSK4381562, respectively, and as such, we are wholly dependent on each of Novartis and GSK for the success of these programs. In the event Novartis terminates the Novartis Agreement, or GSK terminates the GSK Agreement, we would be prevented from receiving any milestone payments, royalty payments and other benefits under that agreement, which would have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. We cannot provide any assurance with respect to the success of any current or future collaboration or license agreement. 
 In the future, we may form or seek other strategic alliances, joint ventures, or collaborations, or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to product candidates we develop. In particular, we are seeking business development opportunities for SRF617. 
 Our current collaboration and license agreements pose, and potential future collaborations involving our product candidates may pose, the following risks to us: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product candidates; 
 collaborators may not properly enforce, maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation, or other intellectual property proceedings; 
 disputes may arise between a collaborator and us that cause the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of the product candidate, or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 if a present or future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program under such collaboration could be delayed, diminished or terminated; and 
 collaboration agreements may restrict our right to independently pursue new product candidates. For example, under the Novartis Agreement, for a certain period of time we may not directly or indirectly research or develop, outside of the collaboration, any antibody with specified activity against that program s collaboration target. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 As a result, if we enter into additional collaboration agreements and strategic partnerships or license our intellectual property, products or businesses, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. Any delays in entering into new collaborations or strategic partnership agreements related to any product candidate we develop could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may seek to establish additional collaborations, and, if we are not able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans. 
 The advancement of our product candidates and development programs and the potential commercialization of our current and future product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. For some of our programs, such as SRF617, we may decide to collaborate with additional pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with respect to development and potential commercialization. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders, or disrupt our management and business. 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for other collaborations will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the progress of our clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. Further, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for future product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view them as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 
 We may also be restricted under existing collaboration agreements from entering into future agreements on certain terms with potential collaborators. For example, under the Novartis Agreement and the GSK Agreement, we have granted worldwide exclusive rights to Novartis for antibodies targeting CD73 and worldwide exclusive rights to GSK for antibodies targeting PVRIG, respectively, and during the term of the agreements we will be restricted from granting similar rights to other parties. This exclusivity could limit our ability to enter into strategic collaborations with future collaborators. 
 In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 
 We may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 If conflicts arise between us and our collaborators or strategic partners, these parties may act in a manner adverse to us and could limit our ability to implement our strategies. 
 If conflicts arise between our corporate or academic collaborators or strategic partners and us, the other party may act in a manner adverse to us and could limit our ability to implement our strategies. Novartis, GSK or future collaborators or strategic partners, may develop, either alone or with others, products in related fields that are competitive with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations. Competing products, either developed by the collaborators or strategic partners or to which the collaborators or strategic partners have rights, may result in the withdrawal of partner support for our product candidates. Our current or future collaborators or strategic partners may preclude us from entering into collaborations with their competitors, fail to obtain timely regulatory approvals, terminate their agreements with us prematurely, or fail to devote sufficient resources to the development and commercialization of products. Any of these developments could harm our product development efforts. 
 We rely on third parties, and will continue to rely on third parties, to conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials for the product candidates we develop. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval for or commercialize any product candidates we develop and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical trials. We rely on medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories, and other third parties, such as CROs, to conduct or otherwise support clinical trials for our product candidates. We rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical trials for our product candidates and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs and other third parties will not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For any violations of laws and regulations during the conduct of our clinical trials, we could be subject to untitled and warning letters or enforcement action that may include civil penalties up to and including criminal prosecution. 
 We and the third parties on which we rely for clinical trials are required to comply with regulations and requirements, including GCP, for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and accurate, and that the trial patients are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials and their rights are protected. These regulations are enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the EEA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any drugs in clinical development. The FDA enforces GCP requirements through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our future clinical trials will comply with GCP requirements. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure or the failure of these third parties to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the marketing approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action. We also are required to register certain ongoing clinical trials and provide certain information, including information relating to the trial s protocol, on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within specific timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Although we intend to design the clinical trials for our product candidates, third parties will conduct all of the clinical trials. As a result, many important aspects of our clinical development, including their conduct and timing, will be outside of our direct control. Our reliance on third parties to conduct future clinical trials will also result in less direct control over the management of data developed through clinical trials than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon our own staff. Communicating with outside parties can also be challenging, potentially leading to mistakes as well as difficulties in coordinating activities. Outside parties may: 
 have staffing difficulties; 
 fail to comply with contractual obligations; 
 experience regulatory compliance issues; 
 undergo changes in priorities or become financially distressed; 
 form relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors; or 
 experience difficulties or delays from factors we may not be able to control, such as current or potential pandemics that may affect patient recruitment and follow-up or staff or clinic site availability and initiation (e.g., outbreak of COVID-19). 
 These factors may materially adversely affect the willingness or ability of third parties to conduct our clinical trials and may subject us to unexpected cost increases that are beyond our control. If the third parties do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory manner, breach their obligations to us or fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development, marketing approval and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval and commercialize our product candidates, or our development program may be materially and irreversibly harmed. If we are unable to rely on clinical data collected by these third parties, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the size of any clinical trials we conduct and this could significantly delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. It is possible that our development plans will have to be slowed down or stopped completely at times due to our inability to obtain required raw materials, components, and outsourced processes at an acceptable cost, if at all, or to get a timely response from vendors, particularly as a result of recent labor market and global supply chain constraints. 
 If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain are compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any clinical trials such third parties are associated with may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain marketing approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, we believe that our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates in the subject indication would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 We rely on third parties to manufacture product candidates, which increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of such product candidates or products or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or commercial supplies of the product candidates that we are developing or evaluating in our development programs. We have limited personnel with experience in drug manufacturing and lack the resources and the capabilities to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We rely on third parties for the supply of our product candidates, and our strategy is to outsource all manufacturing of our product candidates and products to third parties. 
 In order to conduct clinical trials of product candidates, we will need to have them manufactured in potentially large quantities. Our third-party manufacturers (or contract manufacturers, or CMOs) may be unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any of our product candidates in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. Any inability to manufacture our product candidates or future approved drugs in sufficient quantities when needed would seriously harm our business. For example, recent global supply chain constraints have led to a risk of shortages in lab supplies. If there is a shortage of lab supplies which are critical for our clinical programs, there can be no assurance that we would be able to find alternative suppliers for certain critical materials. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities and at any other time. For example, ongoing data on the stability of our product candidates may shorten the expiry of our product candidates and lead to clinical trial material supply shortages, and potentially clinical trial delays. If these third-party manufacturers are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture of our product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, the development, testing and clinical trials of that product candidate may be delayed or infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial launch of that product candidate may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. 
 Our use of new third-party manufacturers increases the risk of delays in production or insufficient supplies of our product candidates as we transfer our manufacturing technology to these manufacturers and as they gain experience manufacturing our product candidates. Changes in manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating comparability of clinical supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. 
 Even after a third-party manufacturer has gained significant experience in manufacturing our product candidates or even if we believe we have succeeded in optimizing the manufacturing process, there can be no assurance that such manufacturer will produce sufficient quantities of our product candidates in a timely manner or continuously over time, or at all. 
 We may be delayed if we need to change the manufacturing process used by a third party. Further, if we change an approved manufacturing process, then we may be delayed if the FDA or a comparable foreign authority needs to review the new manufacturing process before it may be used. Additionally, we will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new manufacturing process will produce our product candidate according to the specifications previously submitted to the FDA or another regulatory authority. The delays associated with the verification of a new CMO could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or commercialize our products in a timely manner or within budget. Furthermore, a CMO may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidate that such CMO owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such CMO or require us to obtain a license from such CMO in order to have another CMO manufacture our product candidates. 
 We do not currently have any agreements with third-party manufacturers for long-term commercial supply. In the future, we may be unable to enter into agreements with third-party manufacturers for commercial supplies of any product candidate that we develop, or may be unable to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish and maintain arrangements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks, including: 
 reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 
 the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 
 the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 
 the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 
 Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP requirements or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable requirements could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product candidates and potentially cause delays to our ongoing clinical trials. 
 Our future product candidates and any products that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP requirements particularly for the development of monoclonal antibodies, and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 
 If the third parties that we engage to supply any materials or manufacture product for our preclinical tests and clinical trials should cease to continue to do so for any reason, we likely would experience delays in advancing these tests and trials while we identify and qualify replacement suppliers or manufacturers and we may be unable to obtain replacement supplies on terms that are favorable to us. In addition, if we are not able to obtain adequate supplies of our product candidates or the substances used to manufacture them, it will be more difficult for us to develop our product candidates and compete effectively. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Our third-party manufacturers and clinical reagent suppliers may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire, natural or man-made disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, acts of terrorism, human error, vandalism or sabotage, financial insolvency, bankruptcy and similar events. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic, which continues to evolve, has caused labor market and global supply chain constraints. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our third-party manufacturers and suppliers going forward will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to develop product candidates and commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 Our future relationships with customers and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere may be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, health information privacy and security and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may be subject to transparency laws and patient privacy regulation by the U.S. federal and state governments and by governments in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. See the section entitled Business Government Regulation Other Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements . 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies, including pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, contractual damages and the curtailment or restricting of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, any of which could harm our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Further, if the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any product candidate we develop outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 A variety of risks associated with operating internationally could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We currently have limited international operations, but we rely on and will continue to rely on our CMOs, some of which operate internationally, for both drug substance and drug product, and our business strategy incorporates potentially expanding internationally if any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations, such as regulations, tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 
 failure by us to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for the use of our products in various countries; 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 additional potentially relevant third-party patent rights; 
 complexities and difficulties in obtaining protection and enforcing our intellectual property; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 complexities associated with managing multiple payor reimbursement regimes, government payors or patient self-pay systems; 
 limits in our ability to penetrate international markets; 
 financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease (e.g., the novel COVID-19 pandemic), boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 
 certain expenses including, among others, expenses for travel, translation and insurance; and 
 regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over sales and activities that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its books and records provisions, or its anti-bribery provisions, or other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 
 Any of these factors could significantly harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our results of operations. 
 Risks Related To Intellectual Property 
 Intellectual property is critical to our business and our success in part depends on our ability to maintain, protect, and expand our portfolio of intellectual property rights. 
 Biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally, and we in particular, compete in a crowded competitive space characterized by rapidly evolving technologies and aggressive defense of intellectual property. 
 Our patents and patent applications are directed to our antibodies and accompanying technologies. We seek patent protection for our development programs, product candidates and related alternatives by filing and prosecuting patent applications in the U.S. and other countries as appropriate. 
 With respect to our IL-27 therapeutic antibody program, as of March 6, 2023, we solely own five patent families related to compositions of matter and methods of use for various antibodies, including SRF388, and co-own two patent families related to methods of treating cancer with SRF388. The first patent family includes one issued U.S. patent, U.S. 11,332,524, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired international Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, patent application and thirteen pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to one expired U.S. provisional patent application. The second patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application and fourteen pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to one expired U.S. provisional patent application. The third patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application and sixteen pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2039 and 2040, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The fourth patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending ex-U.S. application and a pending PCT application, each claiming priority to three expired U.S. provisional patent applications; any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2042, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The fifth patent family includes one pending U.S. provisional patent application; any patents issuing from this application would be expected to expire in 2043, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The two co-owned families each include one pending U.S. provisional patent application; any patents issuing from either of these applications would be expected to expire in 2043, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we have exclusively licensed from Vaccinex rights to a patent family that covers compositions of matter and methods of use for our CCR8 therapeutic antibody candidates, including SRF114. This patent family includes two pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, one expired PCT patent application, and sixteen pending ex-U.S. patent applications, each claiming priority to three expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2041, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 As of March 6, 2023, we solely own three patent families related to compositions of matter and methods of use for our CD39 therapeutic antibody candidates, including SRF617, and co-own one patent family related to methods of treating cancer with SRF617. The first solely owned patent family includes two issued U.S. patents, U.S. 10,738,128 and U.S. 10,793,637, two pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, one expired PCT patent application, fourteen issued ex-U.S. patents, one allowed ex-U.S. application and twelve pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. The second solely owned patent family includes one allowed U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, an expired PCT patent application and sixteen pending ex-US applications, each claiming priority to seven expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2039 and 2040, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. The third solely owned patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending PCT patent application and one pending ex-U.S. patent application, each claiming priority to three expired U.S. provisional patent applications and the co-owned patent family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one pending PCT patent application and one pending ex-U.S. patent application, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2042, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we co-own and have exclusively licensed to Novartis our rights in two patent families that cover compositions of matter and methods of use for our CD73 therapeutic antibody candidate, NZV930. The first patent family includes one issued U.S. patent, U.S. 11,312,783, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application, and forty-eight ex-U.S. patents and pending applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. The second patent family includes two expired U.S. provisional patent applications, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application and one expired PCT patent application. Any patents issuing from the first and second patent families would be expected to expire in 2038 or 2039, respectively, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we own and have exclusively licensed to GSK our rights in two patent families that cover compositions of matter and methods of use for our CD112R therapeutic antibody candidates, including GSK4381562. The first patent family includes two issued U.S. patents, U.S. 11,214,619 and U.S. 11,279,758, one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application, two issued ex-U.S. patents, one allowed ex-U.S. patent application, and twenty-four pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to two expired U.S. provisional patent applications. The second family includes one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application, one expired PCT patent application, and five pending ex-U.S. applications, each claiming priority to an expired U.S. provisional patent application. Any patents issuing from these applications would be expected to expire in 2039 and 2040, absent any applicable patent term adjustment or extension. 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for any products we develop and for our technology, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop, and our technology may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our antibodies and the accompanying technologies we develop that are important to our business. If we are unable to secure or maintain patent protection with respect to our antibody technology and any proprietary products and technology we develop, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 Patent positions of life sciences companies can be uncertain and involve complex factual and legal questions. No consistent policy governing the scope of claims allowable in the field of antibodies has emerged in the United States. The scope of patent protection in jurisdictions outside of the United States is also uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in any jurisdiction that we seek patent protection may diminish our ability to protect our inventions, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights; and, more generally, may affect the value of our intellectual property, including the narrowing of the scope of our patents and any that we may license. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 The patent prosecution process is complex, expensive, time-consuming, and inconsistent across jurisdictions. We may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce, or license all necessary or desirable patent rights at a commercially reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is possible that we will fail to identify important patentable aspects of our research and development efforts in time to obtain appropriate or any patent protection. While we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development efforts, including for example, our employees, corporate collaborators, external academic scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby endangering our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of discoveries in the scientific and scholarly literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after their earliest priority date, or in some cases not at all. Consequently, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file for patent protection on the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications. 
 The issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Further, the scope of the invention claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and this scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even where patent applications we currently own or that we may license in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with adequate protection to prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with a competitive advantage. Any patents that eventually issue may be challenged, narrowed or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our product candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patent rights. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to evade our patent rights by developing new antibodies, biosimilar antibodies, or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 
 The issuance or grant of a patent is not irrefutable as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. There may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability of a patent claim. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. We may in the future, become subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art or opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review, or interference proceeding and other similar proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, or other foreign patent office. An unfavorable determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or extinguish our ability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. 
 In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Moreover, some of our owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we or our licensors may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our owned and in-licensed patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us or our licensors. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 The intellectual property landscape around therapeutic antibodies in oncology is crowded, and third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. We are aware of certain third-party patents and third-party patent applications in this landscape that may, if issued as patents, be asserted to encompass current product candidates. 
 The field of therapeutic antibodies, including CCR8, CD39 and CD112R antibodies for use in oncology, is crowded, and no such products have reached the market. Due to the intense research and development undertaken by academic institutions and multiple companies, including us and our competitors, in this field, the intellectual property landscape is in flux, and it may remain uncertain for the coming years. There may be significant intellectual property-related litigation and proceedings relating to our own and other third-party intellectual property and proprietary rights in the future. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 In the future, we may become party to, or threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our technology and any product candidates we may develop, including interference proceedings, post-grant review, inter-partes review, and derivation proceedings before the USPTO and similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions such as oppositions before the European Patent Office, or EPO. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. 
 We are aware of certain third-party patents and third-party patent applications in this landscape that may, if issued as patents, be asserted to encompass our current or future product candidates. For example, we are aware of third-party European patents and pending third-party European patent applications relating to CCR8, CD39 and CD112R antibody technology that, without invalidation of (in the case of an issued patent), a change in claim scope, or a license, could materially impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 In order to avoid infringing third-party patents, or patents that issue from these third-party patent applications, we may find it necessary or prudent to obtain licenses from such third-party intellectual property holders. We may be forced to obtain or maintain a license on commercially unreasonable terms to any third-party patents that cover our product candidates or activities, and such third parties could potentially assert infringement claims against us, which could have a material adverse effect on the conduct of our business. 
 If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, and we are unsuccessful in demonstrating that such patents are invalid or unenforceable, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing, manufacturing, and marketing any product candidates we may develop and our technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We also could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing, and commercializing the infringing technology or product candidates. In addition, we could be found liable for significant monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property right. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our development and commercialization rights to our therapeutic antibodies, current and future product candidates and technology are subject, in part, to the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others. 
 We are reliant upon licenses to certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the engineering and development of our therapeutic antibodies, and our current and future product candidates. These and other licenses may not provide exclusive rights to use such intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we choose to develop or commercialize our technology and products in the future. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing competitive products in territories included in all of our licenses. 
 We engage in collaborations with scientists at academic and non-profit institutions to access technologies and materials that are not otherwise available to us. The agreements that govern these collaborations may include an option to negotiate an exclusive license to the institution s rights in any inventions that are created in the course of these collaborations, but we may not be able to come to a final agreement with an institution holding rights in an invention that is relevant to the development and commercialization of our technology. 
 In addition, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement, and defense of patents and patent applications covering the technology that we license from third parties. Therefore, we cannot be certain that these patents and patent applications will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our licensors fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce, and defend such patents, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, and our right to develop and commercialize any of our products that are the subject of such licensed rights could be adversely affected. Additionally, we may be required to reimburse our licensors for all of their expenses related to the prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of patents and patent applications that we in-license from them. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Our licensors may have relied on third-party consultants or collaborators or on funds from third parties such that our licensors are not the sole and exclusive owners of the patents we in-licensed. If other third parties have ownership rights to our in-licensed patents, they may be able to license such patents to our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our license agreements and might therefore terminate the license agreements, thereby removing our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. In addition, we may seek to obtain additional licenses from our licensors and, in connection with obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing licenses in a manner that may be more favorable to the licensors, including by agreeing to terms that could enable third parties (potentially including our competitors) to receive licenses to a portion of the intellectual property that is subject to our existing licenses. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensing partners, or we may be required to defend against claims of infringement. In addition, our patents or the patents of our licensing partners also are, and may become, involved in inventorship, priority, or validity disputes. To counter or defend against such claims can be expensive and time-consuming, and our licensors adversaries may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting these legal actions than we or our licensors can. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent owned or in-licensed by us is invalid or unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our owned and in-licensed patents do not cover the technology in question. Accordingly, despite our or our licensors efforts, we or our licensors may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating intellectual property rights we own or control. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our owned or in-licensed patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Further, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example, others may develop biosimilar or competing antibodies to any product candidates that we have or may develop, but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or may own or license in the future. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees, consultants, and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail to defend any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any of our current or future product candidates, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any of our current or future product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. In addition, our intellectual property license agreements may not always include worldwide rights. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection or licenses but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other government fees on patents and applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our owned or licensed patents and applications. In certain circumstances, we rely on our licensing partners to pay these fees due to U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining necessary rights to our current and future product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 We currently have rights to intellectual property, through licenses from third parties, to identify and develop product candidates. Many pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and academic institutions are competing with us in the field of therapeutic antibodies and filing patent applications potentially relevant to our business. For example, we are aware of third-party patents and patent applications that may be construed to cover uses of our CCR8 antibody product candidates. 
 In order to avoid infringing these third-party patents, or patents that issue from these third-party patent applications, we may find it necessary or prudent to obtain licenses from such third-party intellectual property holders. In addition, with respect to any patents we co-own with third parties, we may require licenses to such co-owners interest to such patents. However, we may be unable to secure such licenses or otherwise acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes, or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for product candidates we may develop. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and other companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedings. The America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Recent rulings from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 The U.S. government may exercise its march-in rights with regards to certain in-licensed patents. 
 Pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act, the U.S. government has march-in rights with regards to government-funded technology. The U.S. government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any exercise by the government of any of the foregoing rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our inability to protect our confidential information and trade secrets would harm our business and competitive position. 
 In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and products, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts both within and outside the United States may be less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If a competitor lawfully obtained or independently developed any of our trade secrets, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related To Employee Matters, Managing Our Growth And Other Risks Related To Our Business 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 We are highly dependent on members of our executive team. The loss of the services of any of them may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. Any of our executive officers could leave our employment at any time, as all of our employees are at-will employees. We currently do not have key person insurance on any of our employees. The loss of the services of one or more of our current employees might impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives. 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified employees, consultants and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, also will be critical to our success. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and academic institutions for skilled individuals. In addition, failure to succeed in preclinical studies, clinical trials or applications for marketing approval may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit, or the loss of services of certain executives, key employees, consultants or advisors, may impede the progress of our research, development and commercialization objectives and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we had 60 employees, all full-time, including 41 employees engaged in research and development. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 
 managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for any product candidate we develop, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 
 improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to advance development of and, if approved, commercialize any product candidate we develop will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services, including substantially all aspects of marketing approval, clinical management, and manufacturing. We cannot assure you that the services of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain marketing approval of any current or future product candidates or otherwise advance our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our current product candidates and any future product candidates we develop and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological and radioactive materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses, we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 
 Our internal information technology systems, or those of our third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, contractors, consultants or others who process sensitive information on our behalf, may fail or suffer security incidents, loss or leakage of data and other compromises, any of which could result in a material disruption of our product candidates development programs, compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing such information, expose us to liability or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may collect, store and transmit confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information (including health information). It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such information. We also have outsourced certain of our operations to third parties, and as a result we manage a number of third parties who have access to our information. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal information technology systems, and those of our CROs and other third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, cyberattacks by sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors or by malicious third parties (including the deployment of harmful malware (such as malicious code, viruses and worms), natural disasters, global pandemics, fire, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures, fraudulent activity, as well as security incidents from inadvertent or intentional actions (such as error or theft) by our employees, contractors, consultants, business partners, and/or other third parties, phishing attacks, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering schemes and other means that affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information), which may compromise our system infrastructure as well as lead to unauthorized access, disclosure or acquisition of information. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. The techniques used to sabotage or to obtain unauthorized access to our information technology systems or those upon whom we rely on to process our information change frequently, and we may be unable to anticipate such techniques or implement adequate preventative measures or to stop security incidents in all instances. The recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms and other security measures that we have integrated into our information technology systems, which are designed to protect against, detect and minimize security breaches, may not be adequate to prevent or detect service interruption, system failure or data loss. 
 Significant disruptions of our information technology systems or security incidents could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss, misappropriation, and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, confidential information (including trade secrets or other intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information including health information), and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. If such disruptions were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant number of our employees and partners working remotely, which increases the risk of a data breach or issues with data and cybersecurity. To the extent that any disruption or security incident results in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our future product candidates could be delayed. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Our employees, independent contractors, vendors, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, vendors, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate the regulations of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities; healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad; or laws that require the reporting of financial information or data accurately. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 Risks Related To Our Business and Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially. 
 The stock market in general and the market for biopharmaceutical companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 
 the success of competitive products or technologies; 
 results of clinical trials and preclinical studies or those of our competitors; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 
 developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 
 the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 the level of expenses related to our product candidates or clinical development programs; 
 the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license product candidates or companion diagnostics; 
 actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; and 
 general economic, industry and market conditions. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 We are not in compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement and if we fail to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements , our common stock could be delisted, which could adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital or enter into strategic transactions. 
 On January 6, 2023, we received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, notifying us that our listed securities did not maintain the minimum bid price requirement of 1.00 per share of common stock for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market for a period of 30 consecutive business days as required under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum closing bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. 
 In accordance with Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have a period of 180 calendar days, or until July 5, 2023, or the Compliance Period, to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement. If at any time during the Compliance Period, our common stock have a closing bid price of at least 1.00 for 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide us a written confirmation of compliance and the matter will be closed. In the event we do not regain compliance by July 5, 2023, we may be eligible for an additional 180 day period to regain compliance or may face delisting. If, however, compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement cannot be demonstrated by the end of a second compliance period, Nasdaq will provide written notification that our common stock will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel. We intend to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 
 An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustainable, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the purchase price. 
 An active trading market for our shares may not be sustained. If an active market for our common stock does not continue, it may be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares without depressing the market price for the shares or sell their shares at or above the prices at which they acquired their shares or sell their shares at the time they would like to sell. Any inactive trading market for our common stock may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund our operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 
 Our executive officers, directors and their affiliates continue to exercise significant influence over our company, which limits your ability to influence corporate matters and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. 
 Our executive officers, directors and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 5 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, are able to influence our management and affairs and the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any sale, merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership might adversely affect the market price of our common stock by: 
 delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us; 
 impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or 
 discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to continue to incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 As a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Global Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. We expect that we will need to hire additional accounting, finance, and other personnel in connection with our becoming, and our efforts to comply with the requirements of being, a public company and our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time towards maintaining compliance with these requirements. These requirements will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We are currently evaluating these rules and regulations, and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or SOX Section 404, we were required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting beginning with our second filing of an Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. However, while we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with SOX Section 404 within the prescribed period, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by SOX Section 404. If we identify one or more material weaknesses, it could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock, and impair our ability to raise adequate capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 If securities analysts publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will rely, in part, on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which, in turn, could cause our stock price to decline. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of us or a change in our management. These provisions include a classified board of directors, a prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders and the ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to obtain greater value for stockholders by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if an offer rejected by our board were considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, employees or stockholders arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. We have chosen the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts as the exclusive forum for such causes of action because our principal executive offices are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. We recognize that the federal district court forum selection clause may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert the provision is not enforceable and may impose more general additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Additionally, the forum selection clauses in our amended and restated bylaws may limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. Alternatively, if the federal district court forum selection provision is found inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. On December 19, 2018, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware issued a decision declaring that such federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are ineffective and invalid under Delaware law. On January 17, 2019, the decision was appealed to the Delaware Supreme Court. While the Delaware Supreme Court recently dismissed the appeal on jurisdictional grounds, we expect that the appeal will be re-filed after the Court of Chancery issues a final judgment. Unless and until the Court of Chancery s decision is reversed by the Delaware Supreme Court or otherwise abrogated, we do not intend to enforce our federal forum selection provision designating the District of Massachusetts as the exclusive forum for Securities Act claims. In the event that the Delaware Supreme Court affirms the Court of Chancery s decision or otherwise determines that federal forum selection provisions are invalid, the Company s Board of Directors intends to amend promptly our amended and restated bylaws to remove our federal forum selection bylaw provision. As a result of the Court of Chancery s decision or a decision by the Supreme Court of Delaware affirming the Court of Chancery s decision, we may incur additional costs associated with our federal forum selection bylaw provision, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Recent volatility in capital markets and lower market prices for our securities may affect our ability to access new capital through sales of shares of our common stock or issuance of indebtedness, which may harm our liquidity, limit our ability to grow our business, pursue acquisitions or improve our operating infrastructure and restrict our ability to compete in our markets. 
 Our operations consume substantial amounts of cash, and we intend to continue to make significant investments to support our business growth, respond to business challenges or opportunities, develop our product candidates, retain or expand our current levels of personnel, improve our existing solutions, enhance our operating infrastructure, and potentially acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Our future capital requirements may be significantly different from our current estimates and will depend on many factors, including the need to: 
 finance unanticipated working capital requirements; 
 develop our product candidates; 
 pursue acquisitions or other strategic relationships; and 
 respond to competitive pressures. 
 Accordingly, we may need to pursue equity or debt financings to meet our capital needs. With uncertainty in the capital markets and other factors, such financing may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, we could face significant limitations on our ability to invest in our operations and otherwise suffer harm to our business. 
 Recent increases in interest rates have increased our borrowing costs, including interest expense under our variable rate credit facility, and may also affect our ability to obtain working capital through borrowings such as bank credit lines and public or private sales of debt securities, which may result in lower liquidity, reduced working capital and other adverse impacts on our business. 
 Under our loan and security agreement with K2 Health Ventures LLC, or the Loan Agreement, a portion of our outstanding debt bears interest at variable interest rates. Borrowings under the Loan Agreement bear interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) 8.50 and (ii) the sum of (A) the greater of (x) the prime rate last quoted in The Wall Street Journal (or a comparable replacement rate if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate) or (y) 3.25 , plus (B) 5.25 . In December 2022, the interest rate increased to 12.75 . The effective interest rate of the term loan as of December 31, 2022 is 15.47 . 
 To meet our liquidity needs, we have relied in part on borrowed funds, and may continue to do so in the future. Continued increases in interest rates will increase the cost of new indebtedness/servicing our outstanding indebtedness/refinancing our outstanding indebtedness, and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. 
 We have in the past relied in part on sales of our common shares through our at-the-market, or ATM, offering program. Increased volatility and decreases in market prices of equity securities generally and of our common shares in particular may have an adverse impact on our willingness and/or ability to continue to sell our common shares through our ATM offering. Decreases in these sales could affect the cost or availability of equity capital, which could in turn have an adverse effect on our business, including current operations, future growth, revenues, net income and the market prices of our common shares. 
 In August 2021, we commenced our current ATM program with JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC to raise capital. Under our ATM program, we have entered into a sales agreement to sell common shares, up to a maximum aggregate market value of 80 million, through one or more at-the-market offerings. In fiscal year 2022, our stock price declined by 83.9 . Given the decrease in the market price of our common shares and volatility in the capital markets, we may not be willing or able to continue to raise equity capital through our ATM program. We may, therefore, need to turn to other sources of funding that may have terms that are not favorable to us, or reduce our business operations given capital constraints. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Alternative financing arrangements, if we pursue any, could involve issuances of one or more types of securities, including common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, warrants to acquire common stock or other securities. These securities could be issued at or below the then prevailing market price for our common shares. In addition, if we issue debt securities, the holders of the debt would have a claim to our assets that would be superior to the rights of stockholders until the principal, accrued and unpaid interest and any premium or make-whole has been paid. In addition, if we borrow funds and/or issue debt securities through a subsidiary, the lenders and/or holders of those debt securities would have a right to payment that would be effectively senior to the company s equity ownership in the subsidiary, which would adversely affect the rights of holders of both the company s equity securities and its debt and debt securities. 
 Interest on any newly-issued debt securities and/or newly-incurred borrowings would increase our operating costs and reduce our net income, and these impacts may be material. If the issuance of new securities results in diminished rights to holders of our common stock, the market price of our common shares could be materially and adversely affected. Should the financing we require to sustain our working capital needs be unavailable or prohibitively expensive when we require it, the consequences could/would result in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our corporate restructuring may not be successful. 
 In November 2022, we announced a corporate restructuring to focus resources on the advancement of our SRF388 and SRF114 programs, and pause the SRF617 clinical development program. There is no guarantee that this corporate restructuring will achieve its intended benefits or that our post-restructuring focus will be sufficient for our business to be successful. For example, our corporate restructuring may not result in anticipated savings or other economic benefits, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected, could make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and may disrupt our operations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our business may be adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by health epidemics in regions where we have concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business activities and could cause significant disruption in the operations of third-party manufacturers and CROs upon whom we rely. For example, COVID-19 has spread rapidly throughout many countries, and, on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. 
 The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the future outbreak of any other highly infectious our contagious diseases, on our business operations is highly uncertain and subject to change and will depend on future developments, which cannot be accurately predicted, including the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic, government actions taken to contain coronavirus or address its impact in the short and long term and the direct and indirect economic impacts of the pandemic and related containment measures, among others. 
 The current economic downturn may harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our overall performance depends, in part, on worldwide economic conditions. In recent months, we have observed increased economic uncertainty in the United States and abroad. Impacts of such economic weakness include reduced credit availability; higher borrowing costs, reduced liquidity, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets and bankruptcies. 
 These developments could lead to supply chain disruption, inflation, higher interest rates, and uncertainty about business continuity, which may adversely affect our business and our results of operations. 
 Rising inflation rates could negatively impact our business if our costs increase, and the adverse impact may be material. 
 Inflation rates, particularly in the United States, have increased recently to levels not seen in years. Increased inflation may result in increased operating costs (including our labor costs), reduced liquidity, and limitations on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise debt and equity capital. In addition, the United States Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation. Increases in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. An increase in our costs could be detrimental to our financial condition and could also have an adverse impact on our future growth. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Hostilities in Ukraine could have a material adverse effect on our supply chain, including the availability and cost of materials and/or services that we rely upon for our business operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business operations, revenues and net income. 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine, which has persisted over a year, and the global response, including the imposition of sanctions by the United States and other countries, could create or exacerbate risks facing our business. Given the continuing conflict, our supply chain or customer arrangements could be disrupted due to the demise of commercial activity in impacted regions and due to the severity of sanctions on the businesses that we and our suppliers rely on. Further, state-sponsored cyberattacks could expand as part of the conflict, which could adversely affect our and our suppliers ability to maintain or enhance key cybersecurity and data protection measures. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes has been limited by ownership changes and may be further limited. 
 We have incurred substantial losses during our history. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of 93.8 million and 155.9 million, respectively. We do not anticipate generating revenue from sales of products for the foreseeable future, if ever, and we may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire (other than federal and certain state net operating loss carryforwards generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, which are not subject to expiration). Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage points change (by value) in its equity ownership over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. We have in the past experienced, and we may in the future experience ownership changes, some of which are outside our control. Use of our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards has been limited and could be further limited if we experience additional ownership changes, which could have an adverse effect on our future results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, our management is required to report upon the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with the annual report for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. When we lose our status as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act, we will need to implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. 
 We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company", and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements, that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering in April 2018, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which requires the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates to exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply with the independent auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, changes in rules of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or their interpretation, the adoption of new guidance or the application of existing guidance to changes in our business could significantly affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million and our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company until (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million as of the prior June 30. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 Changes in tax law may adversely affect us or our investors. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or the holders of our common stock. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what form or with what effective dates tax laws, regulations and rulings may be enacted, promulgated or issued, which could result in an increase in our or our shareholders tax liability or require changes in the manner in which we operate in order to minimize or mitigate any adverse effects of changes in tax law. We urge investors to consult with their legal and tax advisers regarding the potential implications of changes in tax law on an investment in our common stock. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties. 
 We lease a facility containing our research and development, laboratory and office space, which consists of approximately 65,000 square feet located at 50 Hampshire Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts. We sublease 33,529 square feet of this facility to a third party pursuant to a sublease that expires in July 2024. Our lease expires on March 31, 2030. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional or substitute space would be available if needed. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 In October 2020, we filed an opposition in the European Patent Office, or EPO, opposing the grant of European Patent No. EP 3258951B1 to Compugen, Ltd., or the Compugen Patent. We are one of two parties opposing the grant of the Compugen Patent, which relates generally to PVRIG (an alternate name for CD112R) antibodies for use in treating cancer. In connection with the license agreement with GSK, GSK has assumed responsibility for this opposition. The oral proceedings are scheduled for July of 2023. Accordingly, final resolution of the opposition may be several years in the future. 
 In June 2021, we filed an opposition in the EPO, opposing the grant of European Patent No. EP 3153526B1 to INSERM (Institut National de la Sant et de la Recherche M dicale), or the INSERM Patent. We are one of four parties opposing the grant of the INSERM Patent, which relates generally to pharmaceutical compositions comprising anti-CD39 antibodies which inhibit activity of Treg for use in the treatment or prevention of cancers. We are currently awaiting a summons to oral proceedings. Accordingly, final resolution of the opposition may be several years in the future. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in other litigation or legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock has been traded on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SURF since April 19, 2018. Prior to this time, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between April 19, 2018 and December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of (a) the Nasdaq Composite Index and (b) the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of 100 on April 19, 2018 in our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index, and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The graph assumes our closing sales price on April 19, 2018 of 13.33 per share as the initial value of our common stock and not the initial offering price to the public of 15.00 per share. 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. 
 
 Stockholders 
 As of March 6, 2023, there were approximately 7 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock since inception and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item relating to our equity compensation plans will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers 
 We did not purchase any of our registered equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and operating results should be read together with the section captioned Selected Consolidated Financial Data and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, such as those set forth in the section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K captioned Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company focused on using our specialized knowledge of the biological pathways critical to the immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment, or the TME, for the development of next-generation cancer therapies. While first-generation immuno-oncology therapies, such as checkpoint inhibitors, represented a remarkable therapeutic advancement, we believe most patients do not achieve durable clinical benefit primarily because these therapies focus on only one element of the complex and interconnected immunosuppressive TME. We believe there is a significant opportunity to more broadly engage both the innate and adaptive arms of the immune system in a multi-faceted, coordinated and patient-specific approach, to meaningfully improve cure rates for patients with a variety of cancers. 
 Effective November 1, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a strategic decision to pause the internal clinical development of SRF617, a novel antibody targeting CD39, and focus resources on the advancement of our SRF388 and SRF114 programs, which we believe hold the greatest near-term potential to provide benefit to patients. We also implemented a corporate restructuring which reduced our workforce by approximately 20 . The majority of the personnel and program restructuring were completed during the fourth quarter of 2022. We recorded a charge in the fourth quarter of 2022 of 4.0 million, consisting of severance, benefits, outplacement services and costs associated with terminating contracts. As a result of the restructuring, we are actively pursuing partnership opportunities to advance our SRF617 program with third-party collaborators or partners. 
 We were incorporated and commenced principal operations in 2014. We have devoted substantially all of our resources to developing our programs, including SRF388, SRF114, SRF617, NZV930 and GSK4381562, building our intellectual property portfolio, business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. To date, we have financed our operations with proceeds from public and private sales of our securities, payments received under our collaboration agreement with Novartis and license agreement with GSK and a debt financing. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 124.8 million. Since our inception, we have incurred significant losses. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one or more of the product candidates we develop. Our net loss was 63.6 million and 78.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our net income was 59.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had an accumulated deficit of 204.3 million and 140.7 million, respectively. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for at least the next several years, particularly as we: 
 pursue the clinical development of product candidates; 
 leverage our programs to advance product candidates into preclinical and clinical development; 
 seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 
 hire additional clinical, quality control, and scientific personnel; 
 expand our operational, financial, and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts, and our operations as a public company; 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 establish a sales, marketing, medical affairs, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own or jointly with a commercial partner; and 
 acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 As a result, we will need additional financing to support our continuing operations. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, which may include collaborations with third parties. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into other agreements or arrangements, when needed, on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate revenue from product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, as of December 31, 2022 will enable us to fund our operating expenses, debt service obligations and capital expenditure requirements into the third quarter of 2024, excluding any future milestone payments from Novartis or GSK. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and do not expect to do so in the near future. All of our revenue to date has been derived from our collaboration agreement with Novartis and our license agreement with GSK. If our development efforts for our programs are successful and result in regulatory approval or additional license or collaboration agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from a combination of product sales or payments from additional collaboration or license agreements that we may enter into with third parties. We expect that our revenue for the next several years will be derived primarily from our collaboration agreement with Novartis and our license agreement with GSK, as well as any additional collaborations or licenses that we may enter into in the future. 
 Collaboration Agreement with Novartis 
 In January 2016, we entered into the Novartis Agreement to develop next-generation cancer therapies. Under the Novartis Agreement, as amended, we were responsible for performing research on antibodies that bind to CD73 and four other specified targets. We were responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by, or on behalf of, us in connection with the research. 
 Upon entering into the agreement, we received an upfront payment of 70.0 million from Novartis and granted Novartis a worldwide exclusive license to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize antibodies that target CD73. In addition, we initially granted Novartis the right to purchase exclusive option rights, each an Option, to up to four specified targets, including certain research, development, manufacturing and commercialization rights. Pursuant to the Novartis Agreement, Novartis initially had the right to exercise up to three purchased Options. In January 2020, Novartis did not purchase and exercise its single remaining Option under the Novartis Agreement and, as a result, the option purchase period expired. Accordingly, there are no Options remaining eligible for purchase and exercise by Novartis, and our performance obligations under the Novartis Agreement have ended. We are currently entitled to potential development milestones of 325.0 million and potential sales milestones of 200.0 million, as well as tiered royalties on annual net sales of NZV930 by Novartis ranging from high single-digit to mid-teens percentages. Such amount of potential milestone payments assumes the successful clinical development and achievement of all sales milestones for NZV930. 
 Under ASC 606 we accounted for (i) the license conveyed with respect to CD73 and (ii) our obligations to perform research on CD73 and other specified targets as a single performance obligation under the Novartis Agreement. We recognize revenue using the cost-to-cost method, which we believe best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to the total estimated costs expected upon satisfying the identified performance obligation. Under this method, revenue is recorded as a percentage of the estimated transaction price based on the extent of progress towards completion. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Through December 31, 2022, we had received an aggregate of 150.0 million from Novartis in upfront payments, milestone payments, and option purchase payments. As of January 2020, we no longer had any performance obligations under the Novartis Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we did not recognize any revenue related to the Novartis Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized revenue of 38.6 million related to the Novartis Agreement. 
 License Agreement with GSK 
 In December 2020, we entered into a license agreement with GSK, which was subsequently amended in August 2021 or, as amended, the GSK Agreement, under which we granted GSK a worldwide exclusive, sublicensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize antibodies that target the antibody GSK4381562, targeting CD112R, also known as PVRIG, or the Licensed Antibodies. GSK is responsible for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of the Licensed Antibodies and a joint development committee was formed to facilitate information sharing between us and GSK. Under the terms of the GSK Agreement, GSK is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the Licensed Antibodies. Pursuant to the August 2021 amendment to the GSK Agreement, we provided additional transition and supply services related to the development and manufacturing of the Licensed Antibodies. 
 Under the terms of the agreement, GSK made a one-time upfront payment of 85.0 million and was required to make additional payments to us for supply services and transition services of 4.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively. In March 2022, GSK initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of GSK4381562 in patients with solid tumors, triggering a 30.0 million milestone payment. We are eligible to receive up to 60.0 million in additional clinical milestones and 155.0 million in regulatory milestones. In addition, we may receive up to 485.0 million in sales milestone payments. We are also eligible to receive royalties on global net sales of any approved products based on the licensed antibodies, ranging in percentages from high single digits to mid-teens. Such amount of potential milestone payments assumes the successful clinical development and achievement of all sales milestones for GSK4381562. 
 Under ASC 606 we account for (i) the delivery of the worldwide exclusive, sublicensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Antibodies; (ii) supply of Licensed Antibodies until an investigational new drug application is accepted by a regulatory authority; and (iii) transition services until an investigational new drug application is accepted by a regulatory authority as separate and distinct performance obligations. We determined the transaction price under ASC 606 at the inception of the GSK Agreement to be 90.3 million, consisting of the upfront payment of 85.0 million plus 4.3 million for supply of the Licensed Antibodies and 1.0 million for the transition services. We recognized revenue for the license performance obligation at a point in time, that is upon transfer of the license to GSK. As control of the license was transferred on the effective date of December 16, 2020 and GSK could begin to use and benefit from the license, we recognized 85.0 million of license-related revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020 under the GSK Agreement. We recognized the portion of the transaction price allocated to supply services and transition services over time. We transfer control of these services over time and GSK receives and consumes the benefit over time as we perform the services. 
 In November 2021, GSK received clearance from the FDA for GSK4381562 to proceed into a first-in-human clinical trial and as a result our performance obligations under the GSK Agreement ended. No amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations was unsatisfied as of November 2021. 
 In March 2022, GSK notified us it had dosed the first patient in their Phase 1 study of GSK4381562 in patients with solid tumors. As a result of this Phase 1 study initiation, the first clinical milestone under the GSK Agreement was achieved. We concluded the variable consideration associated with this milestone was no longer constrained and recognized 30.0 million in license-related revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as we had no further performance obligations associated with the milestone. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not record license-related revenue related to the supply or transition services as our performance obligations under the GSK Agreement had ended. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 2.0 million of license-related revenue related to supply services and 0.7 million of license-related revenue related to the transition services. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized 2.6 million of license-related revenue related to supply services and an immaterial amount of license-related revenue related to the transition services. 
 Through December 31, 2022, we have received 120.3 million from GSK in upfront payments, clinical milestones and reimbursement for the transition and supply services performed. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred and consist of costs incurred for our research activities, including our discovery efforts, and the development of our programs. These expenses include: 
 salaries, benefits and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel engaged in research and development functions; 
 expenses incurred in connection with the preclinical development of our programs and clinical trials of our product candidates, including under agreements with third parties, such as consultants, contractors, and contract research organizations, or CROs; 
 the cost of manufacturing drug products for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including under agreements with third parties, such as consultants, contractors, and contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs; 
 laboratory supplies; 
 facilities, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for depreciation and amortization, rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and supplies; and 
 third-party license fees. 
 We do not track our internal research and development expenses on a program-by-program basis as they primarily relate to personnel, early research and consumable costs, which are deployed across multiple projects under development. These costs are included in unallocated research and development expenses in the table below. A portion of our research and development costs are external costs, which we do track on a program-by-program basis. 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by program: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 (in thousands) SRF388 16,945 13,834 3,111 SRF114 6,269 4,241 2,028 SRF617 15,834 12,243 3,591 GSK4381562 (formerly SRF813) 2,319 (2,319) Other early-stage programs 415 507 (92) Unallocated research and discovery expenses 27,540 20,428 7,112 Total research and development expenses 67,003 53,572 13,431 
 
 Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We anticipate that our research and development expenses will decrease in the future as a result of the strategic decision to pause the SRF617 program as well as the reduction in headcount relating to the corporate restructuring announced in November 2022. This will be partially offset by increased clinical development costs as we advance our SRF388 Phase 2 clinical trials and SRF114 clinical development. 
 At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of any of our product candidates that we develop from our programs. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, net cash inflows will commence from sales of product candidates we develop. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing product candidates, including the uncertainty of: 
 successful completion of clinical trials and preclinical studies; 
 sufficiency of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary clinical trials and preclinical studies; 
 acceptance of INDs for our planned clinical trials or future clinical trials; 
 successful enrollment and completion of clinical trials; 
 successful data from our clinical program that supports an acceptable risk-benefit profile of our product candidates in the intended populations; 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 receipt of regulatory and marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 receipt and maintenance of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 establishing agreements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply for our clinical trials and commercial manufacturing, if any of our product candidates are approved; 
 entry into collaborations to further the development of our product candidates; 
 obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; 
 successfully launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved; 
 acceptance of our product candidates benefits and uses, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 
 maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of the product candidates following approval; 
 effectively competing with other therapies; and 
 obtaining and maintaining healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. 
 A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our programs or any product candidate we develop would significantly change the costs, timing, and viability associated with the development of such program or product candidate. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, for our personnel in executive, legal, finance and accounting, human resources, and other administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees relating to patent and corporate matters; professional fees paid for accounting, auditing, consulting and tax services; insurance costs; travel expenses; and facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will decrease in the future as a result of a reduction in headcount relating to the corporate restructuring announced in November 2022. This will be partially offset by increases in accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance, and director and officer insurance costs as well as investor and public relations expenses associated with operating as a public company. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest and other income consist primarily of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as well as interest paid on the Loan Agreement. 
 Income Taxes 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not record any income tax benefits for the net losses incurred or for the research and development tax credits generated in each year, as we believed, based upon the weight of available evidence, that it was more likely than not that all of the net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits will not be realized. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we did not record any income tax expense or benefit for the net income incurred, or for the research and development tax credits generated during the year, due to the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards and the uncertainty of realizing a benefit from the credits. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, along with the changes in those items. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 2, 2022. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 (in thousands) License-related revenue 30,000 2,687 27,313 Operating expenses: Research and development 67,003 53,572 13,431 General and administrative 24,866 25,128 (262) Total operating expenses 91,869 78,700 13,169 Loss from operations (61,869) (76,013) 14,144 Interest and other income (expense), net (1,717) (2,472) 755 Net loss (63,586) (78,485) 14,899 
 License-Related Revenue 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized revenue of 30.0 million and 2.7 million, respectively, related to the GSK Agreement. The increase in license-related revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the achievement of a 30.0 million clinical milestone under the GSK Agreement as a result of the first patient dosed in GSK's Phase 1 study of GSK4381562 in patients with solid tumors in March 2022. This was compared to 2.0 million of license-related revenue recognized related to supply services and 0.7 million of license-related revenue recognized related to the transition services during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 (in thousands) Direct research and development expenses by program: SRF388 16,945 13,834 3,111 SRF114 6,269 4,241 2,028 SRF617 15,834 12,243 3,591 GSK4381562 (formerly SRF813) 2,319 (2,319) Other early-stage programs 415 507 (92) Research and discovery and unallocated expenses: Personnel related (including stock-based compensation) 18,487 13,047 5,440 Facility related and other 9,053 7,381 1,672 Total research and development expenses 67,003 53,572 13,431 
 Research and development expenses were 67.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 53.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 13.4 million was primarily due to increases of 3.1 million in external costs for our SRF388 program, 2.0 million in external costs for our SRF114 program, 3.6 million in external costs for our SRF617 program and 7.1 million for research and discovery and unallocated expenses, which were partially offset by decreases of 2.3 million in external costs for the GSK4381562 program and 0.1 million in external costs for our other early-stage programs. 
 The increase in research and development expenses for our SRF388 program was primarily due to continued enrollment in our Phase 1 dose escalation trial and advancement into a Phase 2 trial in 2022. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in research and development expenses for our SRF114 program was primarily due to increased expenses relating to IND-enabling activities and manufacturing, as well as startup costs for our Phase 1/2 clinical trial. 
 The increase in research and development expenses for our SRF617 program was primarily due to increased manufacturing costs incurred in 2022, which were partially offset by slower enrollment in our Phase 1/1b and Phase 2 trials in 2022. 
 The decrease in research and development expenses for the GSK4381562 program was primarily due to the transfer of responsibility for development of this program to GSK as part of the GSK Agreement. 
 The increase in research and discovery and unallocated expenses was primarily due to increased salaries and bonus as a result of increased headcount, increased consulting and contractor expenses and severance relating to our corporate restructuring in November 2022. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 24.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 0.3 million was primarily due to a decrease in employee related expenses as well as legal and professional fees. This was partially offset by increases in severance relating to our corporate restructuring in November 2022. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest and other income (expense) was approximately (1.7) million and (2.5) million during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, primarily due to interest expense related to our Loan Agreement with K2 HealthVentures LLC offset by interest income on invested balances of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. We have generated limited revenue to date from our collaboration agreement with Novartis and license agreement with GSK. We have not yet commercialized any product and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any products for several years, if at all. To date, we have financed our operations with proceeds from public and private sales of our securities, payments received under our collaboration agreement with Novartis and our license agreement with GSK, and a debt financing. Through December 31, 2022, we had received gross proceeds of 247.3 million from public and private sales of our securities, 25.0 million from our loan and security agreement with K2 HealthVentures LLC, 150.0 million from the Novartis Agreement, and 120.3 million from the GSK Agreement. 
 In May 2020, we entered into a Capital on Demand Sales Agreement, or the 2020 Sales Agreement, with JonesTrading Institutional Services to issue and sell up to 50.0 million in shares of our common stock, from time to time. Since May 2020, we have sold 2,303,545 shares of common stock at-the-market under the 2020 Sales Agreement for net proceeds of 19.5 million. As of August 2021, we had closed the 2020 ATM Facility. 
 In August 2021, we entered into an amendment to the 2020 Sales Agreement, or the Amended Sales Agreement, with JonesTrading, which amended the 2020 Sales Agreement to allow the issuance and sale of up to 80.0 million in shares of our common stock from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold 14,611,756 shares of common stock at-the-market under the Amended Sales Agreement for net proceeds of 41.4 million. 
 Effective November 1, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a corporate restructuring to pause the internal clinical development of SRF617 and focus resources on the advancement of our SRF388 and SRF114 programs. We recorded a charge of 4.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, consisting of severance, benefits, outplacement services and costs associated with terminating contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 124.8 million. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Effects of Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business or operating results during the periods presented. However, inflation has had, and may continue to have, an impact on the labor costs we incur to attract and retain qualified personnel, costs to conduct clinical trials and other operational costs. Inflationary costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased inflation has had, and may continue to have, an effect on interest rates. Increased interest rates may adversely affect our borrowing rate and our ability to obtain, or the terms under which we can obtain, any potential additional funding. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 We expect our expenses will decrease in the future as a result of the corporate restructuring and strategic decision to pause the SRF617 program announced in November 2022. This will be partially offset by increased clinical development costs as we advance our SRF388 Phase 2 clinical trials and SRF114 clinical development. Additionally, we expect to continue to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as of March 9, 2023, will enable us to fund our operating expenses, debt service obligations and capital expenditure requirements into the third quarter of 2024, excluding any future milestone payments from Novartis or GSK. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical product candidates, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our working capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on and could increase significantly as a result of many factors, including: 
 completing clinical development of existing product candidates and programs, identifying new product candidates, and completing pre-clinical and clinical development of such product candidates; 
 seeking and obtaining marketing approvals for any of product candidates that we develop; 
 launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval by establishing a sales force, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure or, alternatively, collaborating with a commercialization partner; 
 achieving adequate coverage and reimbursement by hospitals, government and third-party payors for product candidates that we develop; 
 establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate, in both amount and quality, products and services to support clinical development and the market demand for product candidates that we develop, if approved; 
 obtaining market acceptance of product candidates that we develop as viable treatment options; 
 addressing any competing technological and market developments; 
 negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; 
 maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; 
 defending against third-party interference or infringement claims, if any; and 
 attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
 A change in the outcome of any of these or other variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. Further, our operating plans may change in the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such operating plans. 
 In addition to the variables described above, if and when any product candidate we develop successfully completes development, we will incur substantial additional costs associated with regulatory filings, marketing approval, post-marketing requirements, maintaining our intellectual property rights, and regulatory protection, in addition to other costs. We cannot reasonably estimate these costs at this time. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Until such time, if ever, that we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration and license arrangements, including the Novartis Agreement and GSK Agreement. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the future sale of equity or debt, the ownership interests of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our existing common stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities, these securities could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. We may require additional capital beyond our currently anticipated amounts. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds through collaboration arrangements in the future, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate development or future commercialization efforts. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes information regarding our cash flows for each of the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (59,552) (62,344) Investing activities 22,757 (99,252) Financing activities 31,660 42,500 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (5,135) (119,096) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 59.6 million, primarily due to our net loss of 63.6 million and net cash used in our operating assets and liabilities of 7.6 million, which was partially offset by non-cash charges of 11.6 million. Net cash used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of a 3.0 million decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, a 2.6 million decrease in our lease liability, a 1.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a 1.3 million decrease in accounts payable. The decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities was primarily due to decreases in accrued manufacturing costs and professional fees offset by an increase in accrued severance. The decrease in our lease liability is a result of rental payments made on our operating leases in 2022. The increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets is due to prepayments made to our vendors associated with initiating the Phase 1/2 clinical trial for SRF114. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 62.3 million, primarily due to our net loss of 78.5 million, which was partially offset by non-cash charges of 14.0 million and net cash provided by our operating assets and liabilities of 2.1 million. Net cash provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of a 2.3 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, a 0.5 million decrease in unbilled receivables, and a 2.2 million decrease in our lease liability, and a 1.7 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets. The increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities was primarily due to increases in R D accruals associated with our clinical trials. The decrease in our lease liability is a result of rental payments made on our operating leases in 2021. The decrease in unbilled receivables is a result of the completion of our performance obligations under the GSK Agreement in December 2021. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 22.8 million, primarily due to 63.4 million in proceeds from sales or maturities of marketable securities, which was partially offset by purchases of marketable securities of 40.2 million and purchases of property and equipment of 0.5 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 99.3 million, primarily due to purchases of marketable securities of 111.6 million and purchases of property and equipment of 0.1 million. This was partially offset by 12.5 million in proceeds from sales or maturities of marketable securities. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 31.7 million, consisting of proceeds of 31.4 million received from issuance of our shares of common stock at-the-market under the 2021 ATM Facility and proceeds from employee stock purchases of 0.3 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 42.5 million, consisting of proceeds of 29.5 million received from issuance of our shares of common stock at-the-market under the 2020 and 2021 ATM Facilities, proceeds from the issuance of the first tranche of our amended convertible note payable of 10.7 million, proceeds from the exercise of common stock of 2.0 million, and proceeds from employee stock purchases of 0.3 million. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, and generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, we believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We account for revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This standard applies to all contracts with customers, except for contracts that are within the scope of other standards, such as leases, insurance, collaboration arrangements and financial instruments. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 606, we recognize revenue when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that we determine are within the scope of ASC Topic 606, we perform the following five steps: 
 i. identify the contract(s) with a customer; 
 ii. identify the performance obligations in the contract; 
 iii. determine the transaction price; 
 iv. allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations within the contract; and 
 v. recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 
 We only apply the five-step model to contracts when we determine that it is probable that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services we transfer to the customer. 
 At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services promised within the contract to determine whether each promised good or service is a performance obligation. The promised goods or services in our arrangements typically consist of a license to our intellectual property and/or research and development services. We may provide options to additional items in such arrangements, which are accounted for as separate contracts when the customer elects to exercise such options, unless the option provides a material right to the customer. Performance obligations are promises in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer that (i) the customer can benefit from on its own or together with other readily available resources, and (ii) is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Goods or services that are not individually distinct performance obligations are combined with other promised goods or services until such combined group of promises meet the requirements of a performance obligation. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 We determine transaction price based on the amount of consideration we expect to receive for transferring the promised goods or services in the contract. Consideration may be fixed, variable, or a combination of both. At contract inception for arrangements that include variable consideration, we estimate the probability and extent of consideration we expect to receive under the contract utilizing either the most likely amount method or expected amount method, whichever best estimates the amount expected to be received. We then consider any constraints on the variable consideration and includes in the transaction price variable consideration to the extent it is deemed probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. 
 We then allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price and recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) control is transferred to the customer and the performance obligation is satisfied. For performance obligations which consist of licenses and other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. 
 We record amounts as accounts receivable when the right to consideration is deemed unconditional. When consideration is received, or such consideration is unconditionally due, from a customer prior to transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a contract, a contract liability is recorded for deferred revenue. 
 Amounts received prior to satisfying the revenue recognition criteria are recognized as deferred revenue in our balance sheet. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as current portion of deferred revenue. Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as deferred revenue, non-current. 
 Our revenue arrangement includes the following: 
 Up-front License Fees: If a license is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenues from nonrefundable, up-front fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable, up-front fees. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. 
 Milestone Payments: At the inception of an agreement that includes research and development milestone payments, we evaluate each milestone to determine when and how much of the milestone to include in the transaction price. We first estimate the amount of the milestone payment that we could receive using either the expected value or the most likely amount approach. We primarily use the most likely amount approach as that approach is generally most predictive for milestone payments with a binary outcome. Then, we consider whether any portion of that estimated amount is subject to the variable consideration constraint (that is, whether it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur upon resolution of the uncertainty.) We update the estimate of variable consideration included in the transaction price at each reporting date which includes updating the assessment of the likely amount of consideration and the application of the constraint to reflect current facts and circumstances. 
 Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, we will recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). To date, we have not recognized any revenue related to sales-based royalties or milestone payments based on the level of sales. 
 All of our revenues to date have been generated through our collaboration agreement with Novartis and license agreement with GSK. See Note 8, Collaboration and License Agreements for additional details regarding our collaboration agreement and license agreement. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 As part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. The majority of our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services performed, or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of our estimates with the service providers and make adjustments if necessary. The significant estimates in our accrued research and development expenses include the costs incurred for services performed by our vendors in connection with research and development activities for which we have not yet been invoiced. 
 There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the expense. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we adjust the accrual or the amount of prepaid expenses accordingly. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts actually incurred. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 consisted of cash and investments in money market funds, U.S. Treasury notes, U.S. government agency bonds and corporate bonds. Interest income is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates, which have risen in the past few months and may continue to rise; however, due to the nature of these investments, we do not believe that we have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio as a result of changes in interest rates. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 88 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 a. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures - Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, have concluded that, based on such evaluation, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 b. Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting - Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on such assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective, as of December 31, 2022. 
 c. Changes in Internal Controls - There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during the fourth quarter of our last fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Incorporated by reference from the information in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Incorporated by reference from the information in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Incorporated by reference from the information in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Incorporated by reference from the information in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Incorporated by reference from the information in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 The following documents are included on pages F-1 through F-34 attached hereto and are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) F-3 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits. 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Capital on Demand TM Sales Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2020, by and between the Company and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2020 (File No.001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 1.2 Amendment No. 1, dated as of August 5, 2021, to Capital on DemandTM Sales Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2020, by and between Surface Oncology, Inc. and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement among the Company and certain of its stockholders, dated November 6, 2014, as amended on January 9, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.3 Description of the Registrant's Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2020 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.1# 2014 Stock Option and Grant Plan, as amended, and forms of award agreements thereunder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.2# 2018 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.3# Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.4# Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Company Employees under the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.5# Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.6# Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Grant Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.7# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Company Employees under the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.8# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.9# 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.10# Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 

92 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.11# 2021 Inducement Plan and form of award agreement thereunder (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2022 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.12# Employment Agreement between Vito J. Palombella, Ph.D. and the Company, dated April 23, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.13# Employment Agreement between Robert W. Ross, M.D. and the Company, dated April 23, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.14# Employment Agreement between J. Jeffrey Goater and the Company, dated April 23, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.15 Lease by and between the Company and BMR-Hampshire LLC, dated May 13, 2016, as amended on February 28, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.16 Second Amendment to Lease, dated May 22, 2018, by and between BMR-Hampshire LLC and the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2018 (File No.001-3845) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.17 Collaboration Agreement between Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. and the Company, dated January 9, 2016, as amended on May 6, 2016, as further amended on July14, 2017, and as further amended on September 18, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.18 Amendment No. 4 to the Collaboration Agreement between Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. and the Company, dated October 9, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2018 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.19 Exclusive License Agreement between Harbour Antibodies B.V. and the Company, dated September 23, 2015, as amended on January 4, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.20# Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.21# Form of Officer Indemnification Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No. 333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.22 First Amended and Restated Development and Option Agreement between Adimab, LLC and the Company, dated October 3, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2018 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.23 Sublease Agreement by and between the Company and EQRx, Inc., dated December 16, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2020 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.24 Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 22, 2019, by and among Surface Oncology, Inc., K2 HealthVentures, LLC and Ankura Trust Company, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2019 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.25 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, by and among the Company and, K2 HealthVentures LLC and Ankura Trust Company, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.26 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 21, 2022, by and between Surface Oncology, Inc. and K2 HealthVentures LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2022 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.27# Transition and CEO Support Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, by and between J. Jeffrey Goater and the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.28# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, by and between Robert Ross, M.D. and the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.29# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 26, 2021, by and between Jessica Fees and the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2021 (File No. 001-38495) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.30 License Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020, by and between the Company and GLAXOSMITHKLINE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (No. 4) LIMITED (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2020 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.31 Amendment No. 1, dated as of August 11, 2021, to License Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020, by and between the Company and GLAXOSMITHKLINE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (No. 4) LIMITED (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2021 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.32 Exclusive Product License Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, by and between Vaccinex, Inc. and the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2021 (File No. 001-38459) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Company (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 23, 2018 (File No.333-223877) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1+ Certification of Principal Executive Officer a Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2+ Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. + Furnished herewith. Confidential treatment obtained as to certain portions. # A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Surface Oncology, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Surface Oncology, Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company will require additional financing to fund future operations. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and plans to mitigate this matter are also described in Note 1. 

/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liability Total current liabilities Operating lease liability, non-current Convertible note payable, non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 13 and 16) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized 
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value; authorized at December 31, 2022 
 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and 
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Collaboration revenue - related party License-related revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Other income, net Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share basic ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Net income (loss) per share diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2019 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock upon public offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible note payable Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Net income Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs Issuance of common stock under stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock upon public offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible note payable Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs Issuance of common stock under stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock upon public offering, net of issuance costs Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash interest expense related to note payable Net amortization of premiums and discounts on marketable securities ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Non-cash operating lease cost Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Unbilled receivable ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Operating lease liability ) ) ) Deferred revenue - related party ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales or maturities of marketable securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of convertible note payable, net of issuance costs Proceeds for issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from employee stock purchases Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Additional right-of-use asset and related lease liability Conversion of note payable into shares of common stock 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

1. 
 in gross proceeds, from time to time during the term of the 2020 Sales Agreement, through an at-the-market equity offering program under which JonesTrading will act as the Company s agent and/or principal (the 2020 ATM Facility ). The 2020 ATM Facility provides that JonesTrading will be entitled to compensation for its services in an amount of up to of the gross proceeds of any shares sold under the 2020 ATM Facility. The Company has no obligation to sell any shares under the 2020 ATM Facility and may, at any time, suspend solicitation and offers under the 2020 Sales Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has sold shares of common stock at-the-market under the 2020 ATM Facility for net proceeds of . As of August 5, 2021, the Company had closed the 2020 ATM Facility. 
 On August 5, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the 2020 Sales Agreement (as amended, the Amended Sales Agreement with JonesTrading, which amended the 2020 Sales Agreement to allow the issuance and sale of up to in gross proceeds, from time to time during the term of the Amended Sales Agreement, through an at-the-market equity offering program under which JonesTrading will act as the Company s sales agent ("the 2021 ATM Facility"). The 2021 ATM Facility provides that JonesTrading will continue to be entitled to compensation for its services in an amount of up to of the gross proceeds of any shares sold under the 2021 ATM Facility. The Company has no obligation to sell any shares under the Amended Sales Agreement and may, at any time, suspend solicitation and offers under the 2021 ATM Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has sold shares of common stock at-the-market under the 2021 ATM Facility for net proceeds of . 
 Effective November 1, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a strategic decision to pause the internal clinical development of SRF617, a novel antibody targeting CD39, and focus resources on the advancement of its SRF388 and SRF114 programs, which the Company believes hold the greatest near-term potential to provide benefit to patients. The Company also implemented a corporate restructuring which reduced its workforce by approximately . The majority of the personnel and program restructuring was completed during the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company recorded a charge in the fourth quarter of 2022 of , consisting of severance, benefits, outplacement services and costs associated with terminating contracts. As a result of the restructuring, the Company is actively pursuing partnership opportunities to advance its SRF617 program with third-party collaborators or partners. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company earned income of for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily related to revenue recognized under the GSK Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of and , respectively. The Company expects that its operating losses and negative cash flows will continue for the foreseeable future. As of March 9, 2023, the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses, capital expenditure requirements and debt service obligations for at least the next months. The future viability of the Company beyond that date is dependent on its ability to raise additional capital to finance its operations. 
 
 The Company will seek additional funding through public financings, debt financings, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. The Company may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, and the Company may not be able to enter into collaborations or other arrangements. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company s stockholders. If the Company is unable to obtain funding, the Company could be required to delay, reduce, or eliminate research and development programs, product portfolio expansion, or future commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect its business prospects. 
 Although management continues to pursue these plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding on terms acceptable to the Company to fund continuing operations, if at all. 

2. 
 
 days or less at the acquisition date to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents, which consist of money market funds are stated at fair value. 
 days at their acquisition date. The Company has classified its investments with maturities beyond one year as current, based on their highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 of restricted cash was classified as non-current. 
 accredited financial institutions in amounts that exceed federally insured limits. The Company does not believe that it is subject to unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships. 
 The Company is dependent on third-party manufacturers to supply products for research and development activities of its programs, including preclinical testing. These programs could be adversely affected by a significant interruption in the supply of such drug substance products. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

. Computer equipment and furniture and office equipment are depreciated over . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or years. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance of assets are charged to expense as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of assets disposed of are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is included in income (loss) from operations . 
 t recorded any impairment losses on long-lived assets. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 See Note 8, Collaboration and License Agreements for additional details regarding the Company s collaboration and license agreements. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 collaboration partners, both of which are in the United States. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

F-13 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

3. 
 ) U.S. government agency bonds ) Corporate bonds ) ) 
 Maturing in more than one year 
 ) U.S. government agency bonds ) ) 
 Maturing in more than one year 
 The cost of securities sold is determined based on the specific identification method for purposes of recording realized gains and losses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were realized losses on sales of marketable securities. During the year ended December 31, 2020 the realized gain on sales of marketable securities was . There were marketable securities that required adjustment for other-than-temporary declines in fair value during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 securities held by the Company in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months as of December 31, 2022. The aggregate fair value of securities held by the Company in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months as of December 31, 2022 was . There were securities held by the Company in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months as of December 31, 2021. There were securities held in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months as of December 31, 2022. The aggregate fair value of securities held by the Company in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months as of December 31, 2022 was .There were securities held in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months as of December 31, 2021. The Company has the intent and ability to hold investments in an unrealized loss position until recovery, which may be at maturity. The Company determined it is more likely than not it would not be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost. As a result, the Company determined it did not hold any investments with an other-than-temporary decline in fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

4. 
 Marketable securities: U.S. Treasury notes U.S. government agency bonds Corporate bonds 
 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 using: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash equivalents: Money market funds Marketable securities: U.S. Treasury notes U.S. government agency bonds 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s cash equivalents were invested in money market funds and were valued based on Level 1 inputs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s marketable securities consisted of U.S. Treasury notes, U.S. government agency bonds and corporate bonds and were valued based on Level 2 inputs. In determining the fair value of its U.S. Treasury notes, U.S. government agency bonds and corporate bonds, the Company relied on quoted prices for similar securities in active markets or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 5. 
 Leasehold improvements Computer equipment Furniture and office equipment Construction in process Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 depreciation and amortization expense was , , and respectively. 
 
 6. 
 Unbilled receivable Interest receivable on marketable securities 

7. 
 Accrued payroll and payroll-related costs Accrued professional fees Other 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 8. 
 specified targets (each an Option Target including certain development, manufacturing and commercialization rights, pursuant to which, Novartis initially had the right to exercise up to purchased Options. Accordingly, Novartis had the ability to exclusively license the development, manufacturing and commercial rights for up to targets (inclusive of CD73). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received an aggregate of from Novartis in upfront payments, milestone payments and option purchase payments. As of January 2020, there were no Options remaining for purchase and exercise, and accordingly, the Company s performance obligations under the Novartis Agreement ended. Under the Novartis Agreement, the Company is currently entitled to potential development milestones of and sales milestones of , as well as tiered royalties on annual net sales by Novartis ranging from high single-digit to mid-teens percentages upon the successful commercialization of NZV930 (formerly SRF373). Due to the uncertainty of pharmaceutical development and the historical failure rates generally associated with drug development, the Company may not receive any milestone payments or any royalty payments under the Novartis Agreement. 
 Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier, the Novartis Agreement will continue in effect until neither the Company nor Novartis is researching, developing, manufacturing or commercializing NZV930. Novartis may terminate the Novartis Agreement for any or no reason upon prior notice to the Company within a specified time period. Either party may terminate the Novartis Agreement in full if an undisputed material breach is not cured within a certain period of time or upon notice of insolvency of the other party. To the extent Novartis terminates for convenience, or the Company terminates for Novartis uncured material breach, Novartis will grant the Company, on mutually agreeable financial terms, an exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual and royalty-bearing license with respect to intellectual property controlled by Novartis that is reasonably necessary to research, develop, manufacture or commercialize NZV930. 
 Revenue Recognition - Collaboration Revenue Related Party 
 In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized under ASC 606, the Company performed the following steps: (i) identified the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determined whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 
 Under ASC 606, the Company recognized revenue using the cost-to-cost method, which it believes best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to the total estimated costs expected upon satisfying the identified performance obligation. Under this method, revenue will be recorded as a percentage of the estimated transaction price based on the extent of progress towards completion. Under ASC 606, the estimated transaction price will include variable consideration. The Company does not include variable consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will occur when any uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The estimate of the Company s measure of progress and estimate of variable consideration to be included in the transaction price will be updated at each reporting date as a change in estimate. The amount related to the unsatisfied portion will be recognized as that portion is satisfied over time. 
 Under ASC 606 the Company accounted for (i) the license it conveyed with respect to CD73; and (ii) its obligations to perform research on CD73 and other specified targets as a single performance obligation under the Novartis Agreement. Novartis right to purchase exclusive options to obtain certain development, manufacturing and commercialization rights would have been accounted for separately as they did not represent material rights, based on the criteria of ASC 606. Upon the exercise of any purchased option by Novartis, the contract promises associated with an Option Target would have used a separate cost-to-cost model for purposes of revenue recognition under ASC 606. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 to collaboration revenue - related party in January 2020. 

As there are Options remaining eligible for purchase and exercise, the Company's performance obligations under the Novartis Agreement have ended. 
 GSK Agreement 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into a license agreement with GSK, which was subsequently amended in August 2021 (as amended, the GSK Agreement ). Pursuant to the GSK Agreement, the Company granted GSK a worldwide exclusive, sublicensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize antibodies that target the antibody GSK4381562 (formerly SRF813), targeting CD112R, also known as PVRIG (the Licensed Antibodies ). GSK is responsible for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of the Licensed Antibodies and a joint development committee was formed to facilitate information sharing between the Company and GSK. GSK is responsible for all costs and expenses of such development, manufacturing and commercialization and is obligated to provide the Company with updates on its development, manufacturing and commercialization activities through the joint development committee. Under the terms of the GSK Agreement, GSK made a one-time upfront payment of and was required to make additional payments to the Company for supply services and transition services initially estimated to be and , respectively. In November 2021, GSK notified the Company it received clearance from the FDA for GSK4381562 to proceed into a first-in-human clinical trial, and as a result, the Company s performance obligations under the GSK Agreement ended. In March 2022, the Company earned a milestone payment from GSK upon the dosing of the first patient in the Phase 1 trial of GSK4381562. The Company is eligible to receive up to in additional clinical milestones and in regulatory milestones. In addition, the Company may receive up to in sales milestone payments. The Company is also eligible to receive royalties on global net sales of any approved products based on the licensed antibodies, ranging in percentages from high single digits to mid-teens. Due to the uncertainty of pharmaceutical development and the historical failure rates generally associated with drug development, the Company may not receive any milestone payments or any royalty payments under the GSK Agreement. 
 Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier, the GSK Agreement expires on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis on the later of from the date of first commercial sale or when there is no longer a valid patent claim or regulatory exclusivity covering such licensed product in such country. Either party may terminate the GSK Agreement for an uncured material breach by the other party or upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of the other party. GSK may terminate the GSK Agreement for its convenience. The Company may terminate the GSK Agreement if GSK institutes certain actions related to the licensed patents or if GSK ceases development activities, other than for certain specified technical or safety reasons. In the event of termination, the Company would regain worldwide rights to the terminated program. 
 Revenue Recognition License-Related Revenue 
 In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized under ASC 606, the Company performed the following steps: (i) identified the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determined whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 distinct performance obligations at the outset of the GSK Agreement. 
 The Company determined the transaction price of the GSK Agreement, under ASC 606 to be , consisting of the upfront payment of plus for supply of the Licensed Antibodies and for the transition services. The Company evaluated how much variable consideration related to clinical and regulatory milestones to include in the transaction price using the most likely amount approach and concluded that no amount should be included in the transaction price due to the high degree of uncertainty and risk associated with these potential payments. The Company also determined that royalties and sales milestones relate solely to the licenses of intellectual property and are therefore excluded from the transaction price under the sales- or usage-based royalty exception of ASC 606. Revenue related to these royalties and sales milestones will only be recognized when the associated sales occur, and relevant thresholds are met. 
 As noted above, the Company identified three performance obligations in the GSK Agreement: (i) the delivery of the worldwide exclusive, sublicensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Antibodies; (ii) supply of Licensed Antibodies until an IND is accepted by a regulatory authority; and (iii) transition services until an IND application is accepted by a regulatory authority. The selling price of each performance obligation in the GSK Agreement was determined based on the Company s standalone selling price with the objective of determining the price at which it would sell such an item if it were to be sold regularly on a standalone basis. The Company recognized revenue for the license performance obligation upon transfer of the license to GSK. As control of the license was transferred on the effective date of December 16, 2020 and GSK could begin to use and benefit from the license, the Company recognized of license-related revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company recognized the costs allocated to supply services and transition services over time as the Company transferred control of these services and GSK received and consumed the benefit as the Company performed the services. The Company re-evaluated the transaction price at the end of each reporting period and as uncertain events were resolved, or other changes in circumstances occurred adjusted its estimate of the transaction price as necessary. 
 In November 2021, GSK notified the Company it received clearance from the FDA for GSK4381562 to proceed into a first-in-human clinical trial and, as a result, the Company's performance obligations under the GSK Agreement ended. The transition and supply services were completed in November 2021. 
 In March 2022, GSK notified the Company it had dosed the first patient in its Phase 1 study of GSK4381562 in patients with solid tumors. As a result of this Phase 1 study initiation, the first clinical milestone under the GSK Agreement was achieved. The Company concluded the variable consideration associated with this milestone was no longer constrained and recognized in license-related revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as it had no further performance obligations associated with the milestone. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of license-related revenue for supply services and of license-related revenue related to the transition services. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized of license-related revenue for supply services, which represented the costs incurred associated with the portion of goods that were immediately transferred upon execution of the GSK Agreement. An immaterial amount of the transition services was performed in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

9. 
 shares of par value common stock. 
 Each share of common stock entitles the holder to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. Common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends, as may be declared by the board of directors, if any, subject to the preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preferred stock. dividends have been declared or paid by the Company through December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had reserved and shares, respectively, of common stock for the exercise of outstanding stock options, the vesting of restricted stock units, shares to be issued under the 2021 ATM Facility, shares to be issued upon the conversion of the Loan Agreement, as amended (defined below), and the number of shares remaining available for future grant under the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, 2021 Inducement Plan and 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Reserved for future issuance 
 Shares available for future grant - 2018 Plan Options to purchase common stock - Inducement Plan Shares available for future grant - Inducement Plan RSU's issued and expecting to vest 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares available for conversion of note payable Shares available for ATM offering Total reserved 
 
 In August 2021, the Company entered into the Amended Sales Agreement with JonesTrading, which amended the 2020 Sales Agreement to issue and sell up to in shares of the Company's common stock from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has sold shares of common stock at-the-market under the 2021 ATM Facility for net proceeds of . 
 
 In May 2020, the Company entered into the 2020 Sales Agreement with JonesTrading to issue and sell shares up to in shares of the Company's common stock from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has sold shares of common stock at-the-market under the 2020 ATM Facility for net proceeds of . As of August 2021, the Company had closed the 2020 ATM Facility. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 10. 
 of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and the term of the stock options may not be greater than . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 all remaining shares available under the 2014 Plan were transferred to the 2018 Plan. 
 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 
 On April 3, 2018, the Company s stockholders approved the 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ), which became effective on April 18, 2018, the date on which the registration statement for the Company s initial public offering was declared effective. The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, unrestricted stock awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to the Company s officers, employees, non-employee directors and other key persons (including consultants). The number of shares initially reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan was , plus the shares of common stock remaining available for issuance under the 2014 Plan, which shall be cumulatively increased on each January 1 by of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number of shares determined by the Company s board of directors or compensation committee of the board of directors. The shares of common stock underlying any awards that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon exercise or settlement of an award to satisfy the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of stock, expire or are otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) under the 2018 Plan and the 2014 Plan will be added back to the shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares and shares were available for future issuance under the 2018 Plan, respectively. 
 Stock options granted under the 2014 Plan and 2018 Plan to employees generally vest over and expire after . The Company does not currently hold any treasury shares. Upon stock option exercise, the Company issues new shares and delivers them to the participant. 
 Stock Option Valuation 
 Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 
 The aggregate fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were outstanding stock options held by non-employees for the purchase of and shares of common stock, respectively, with service-based vesting conditions. 
 2021 Inducement Plan 
 In December 2021, the Company adopted the Company s 2021 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan pursuant to which the Company reserved shares of common stock to be used exclusively for grants of equity-based awards to individuals who were not previously employees or directors of the Company, as an inducement material to the individual s entry into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4)) of the Marketplace Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. The Inducement Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards in the form of nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, unrestricted stock awards, and dividend equivalent rights. The Inducement Plan was adopted by the Company without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Marketplace Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted under the Inducement Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future issuance under the Inducement Plan. 
 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On April 3, 2018, the Company s stockholders approved the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective on April 18, 2018, the date on which the registration statement for the Company s initial public offering was declared effective. A total of shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under this plan. In addition, the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the ESPP automatically increased on January 1, 2019, and shall increase each January 1 thereafter through January 1, 2028, by the lesser of (i) of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 and (ii) such lesser number of shares as determined by the administrator of the Company s ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, a total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under this plan. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock, respectively, under the ESPP. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company has granted restricted stock units ("RSUs") with service-based vesting conditions. RSUs represent the right to receive shares of common stock upon meeting specified vesting requirements. Unvested shares of restricted common stock may not be sold or transferred by the holder. These restrictions lapse according to the service-based vesting conditions of each award. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The expense related to RSUs granted to employees was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs vested in the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 General and administrative expenses 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an aggregate of of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

11. 
 under the Loan Agreement. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a first amendment to the Loan Agreement with the Lender (as amended, the First Loan Amendment ). On September 21, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to the Loan Agreement. with the Lender (as further amended, the Second Loan Amendment ). The Company plans to use the proceeds of the term loans to support clinical development as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 The Loan Agreement provided for a term loan commitment of in potential tranches: (i) a term loan facility funded on November 22, 2019 (the First Tranche Term Loan ), (ii) a term loan facility funded on June 5, 2020 (the Second Tranche Term Loan ), and (iii) a term loan facility (the Third Tranche Term Loan ). All three of these term loans had a maturity date of December 1, 2023. 
 The Company was obligated to pay a final fee equal to of the aggregate amount of the term loans funded, such payment to occur upon the earliest of (i) the maturity date, (ii) the acceleration of the term loans, and (iii) the prepayment of the term loans. 
 The Lender was able to, at its option, elect to convert any portion of no more than of the then outstanding term loan amount and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. The Company determined that the embedded conversion option was not required to be separated from the term loan. The embedded conversion option meets the derivative accounting scope exception since the embedded conversion option is indexed to the Company s own common stock and qualifies for classification within stockholders equity. The Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature of , which represented the difference between the commitment date stock price of per share and the conversion price of per share. The beneficial conversion feature was recorded as a discount on the term loan and is accreted to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the loan. 
 In June 2020, the Company drew down the Second Tranche Term Loan and received an additional in proceeds. The Company was permitted to make interest-only payments on the First Tranche Term Loan and the Second Tranche Term Loan until January 2022 in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement. 
 In August 2020, the Lender elected to convert of the outstanding term loan amount into shares of the Company's common stock, in accordance with the Loan Agreement. In February 2021, the Lender elected to convert of the outstanding term loan amount into shares of the Company's common stock, in accordance with the Loan Agreement. After the conversions, the outstanding principal balance was . 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 , in three potential tranches: (i) a term loan facility (including refinancing of the Company s outstanding amounts under the Loan Agreement) funded on October 1, 2021 (the "First Tranche Refinancing Term Loan"), (ii) up to a term loan facility (the "Second Tranche Refinancing Term Loan"), and (iii) an up to term loan facility (the "Third Tranche Refinancing Term Loan") (together the "Refinancing Term Loans"). All three of these tranches have a maturity date of October 1, 2025. 
 Borrowings under all three tranches of the term loan facility bear interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) and (ii) the sum of (A) the greater of (x) the prime rate last quoted in The Wall Street Journal (or a comparable replacement rate if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate) or (y) , plus (B) . As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate was increased to . Under the First Loan Amendment, the Company is permitted to make interest-only payments on the outstanding principal balance of the term loan for approximately eighteen months following the funding date. The interest-only period could have been extended by an additional nine months, subject to the Company raising net cash proceeds from financing activities (including without limitation sales of the Company's securities and up-front or milestone payments pursuant to existing or new strategic partnerships), in an aggregate amount of at least . The term of the loan facility is months, with repayment in monthly installments commencing at the end of the resulting interest-only period as outlined above through the end of the -month term. 
 The Company is obligated to pay a final fee equal to (i) of the aggregate amount of the term loans funded, such payment to occur upon the earliest of (i) the maturity date, (ii) the acceleration of the term loans, and (iii) the prepayment of the term loans and (ii) on the earlier of December 1, 2023 or the prepayment of the term loans. The Company has the option to prepay all, but not less than all, of the outstanding principal balance of the term loans under the First Loan Amendment. If the Company prepays all of the term loans prior to the maturity date, it will pay the Lender a prepayment penalty fee based on a percentage of the outstanding principal balance, equal to if the payment occurs on or before 24 months after the initial funding date, if the prepayment occurs more than 24 months after, but on or before 36 months after the initial funding date, or if the prepayment occurs more than 36 months after the initial funding date. 
 The Lender was able to, at its option, elect to convert any portion of no more than of the then outstanding term loan amount and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of (i) with respect to the first converted, per share and (ii) with respect to any additional amounts converted in excess of , per share. 
 The Company s obligations under the First Loan Amendment are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of its assets. The First Loan Amendment contains customary representations, warranties and also includes customary events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of covenants, change of control and a material adverse effect clause. 
 Upon the occurrence of an event of default, a default interest rate of an additional per annum may be applied to the outstanding loan balances, and the Lender may declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable and exercise all of its rights and remedies as set forth in the First Loan Amendment and under applicable law. 
 The First Loan Amendment was accounted for as a debt modification; as such, the financing costs of were reflected as additional debt discount and is amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the term of the First Loan Amendment. 
 In September 2022, the Company entered into the Second Loan Amendment. Under the Second Loan Amendment, the loan facility continues to carry a term with interest only payments extended for ten months, ending on February 1, 2024. In addition, the Lender may, at its option, elect to convert any portion of no more than of the then outstanding term loan amount and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of (i) with respect to the first converted, per share and (ii) with respect to any additional amounts converted in excess of , per share. The effective interest rate of the term loan as of December 31, 2022 is . 
 The Second Loan Amendment was accounted for as a debt modification. The financing costs were immaterial. The Company recorded interest expense related to the loan facility of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fair value of the loan at December 31, 2022 approximates its face amount. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2024 2025 Total principal payments Final fee due in 2023 Final fee due at maturity in 2025 Total principal payments and final fee Unamortized debt discount and final fee Note payable 

12.) ) Denominator: Weighted average commons shares outstanding basic Net income (loss) per share basic ) ) Diluted net income (loss) per share: Numerator: Net income (loss) - basic ) ) Interest expense on convertible note payable Net income (loss) - diluted ) ) Denominator: Weighted average commons shares outstanding basic Shares issuable upon conversion of convertible notes, as if converted Dilutive effect of restricted stock units Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents Weighted average commons shares outstanding diluted Net income (loss) per share diluted ) ) 
 
 The Company s potential dilutive securities have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the effect would be to reduce the net loss per share. Therefore, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Stock Options to purchase common stock - Inducement Plan Shares to be issued under the ESPP RSUs issued and expected to vest Shares available from conversion of note payable 

13. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 for technical milestones achieved against each biological target. Upon exercise of a Research Option, the Company is obligated to pay a nominal research maintenance fee on each of the next four anniversaries of the exercise. Upon the exercise of each Commercialization Option, the Company will be required to pay an option exercise fee of a low seven-digit dollar amount, and the Company may be responsible for milestone payments of up to an aggregate of for each licensed product that receives marketing approval. For any licensed product that is commercialized, the Company is obligated to pay Adimab tiered royalties of a low to mid single-digit percentage on worldwide net sales of such product. The Company may also partially exercise a Commercialization Option with respect to ten antibodies against a biological target by paying of the option fee and later either (i) paying the balance and choosing additional antibodies for commercialization, up to the maximum number under the Commercialization Option, or (ii) foregoing the Commercialization Option entirely. For any Adimab diagnostic product that is used with or in connection with any compound or product other than a licensed antibody or licensed product, the Company is obligated to pay Adimab up to a low seven digits in regulatory milestone payments and low single-digit royalties on net sales. No additional payment is due with respect to any companion diagnostic or any diagnostic product that does not contain any licensed antibody. Any payments payable to Adimab as a result of any product candidates being developed pursuant to the GSK Agreement, will be payable to Adimab directly by GSK. 
 The A R Adimab Agreement will remain in effect until (a) the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Research and Commercialization Options (if they expire without exercise) and (ii) 12 months from the effective date without the Company providing materials that pass Adimab s quality control; or (b) if a Research Option is exercised but the Commercialization Option is not, then upon the expiration of the last to expire research license term; or (c) upon commercialization of a product, until the end of the royalty term, which will vary on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, ending on the later of (y) the expiration of the last valid claim covering the licensed product in such country as the product is manufactured or sold, or (z) ten after the first commercial sale of the licensed product in such country. 
 Either party may terminate the A R Adimab Agreement for material breach if such breach remains uncured for a specified period of time, however, if a Research Option or Commercialization Option has been exercised and the breach only applies to the applicable target of such Research Option or Commercialization Option, then the termination right will only apply to such target. The Company may also terminate the A R Adimab Agreement for any reason with prior notice to Adimab. If Adimab is bankrupt, the Company will be entitled to a complete duplicate of, or complete access to, all rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to the A R Adimab Agreement. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did recognize research and development expense under the A R Adimab Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized research and development expense under the agreement of , and , respectively. 
 Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center License Agreement 
 In November 2020, the Company and Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center ("MSK") entered into a license agreement (the "MSK Agreement"). Under the agreement, MSK granted the Company a non-exclusive license to certain U.S. patent rights relating to methods of treating cancer with CCR8 antibodies to research, develop, make, use, sell, offer for sale, and import CCR8 antibodies intended to treat cancer. 
 Under the terms of the MSK Agreement the upfront license execution fee due to MSK was . Half of the execution fee was due to MSK upon signature of the agreement, with the remaining portion due on the first anniversary. Under the MSK Agreement, each of these CCR8 antibodies is a licensed product and the Company is obligated to make milestone payments of up to an aggregate of for each licensed product, as well as reimburse MSK for a portion of past and future patent-related expenses. For any licensed product that is commercialized, the Company is obligated to pay MSK a low single-digit percentage royalty on net U.S. sales of such product. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 years from the date of first commercial sale of such licensed product in the U.S. The Company may terminate the MSK License for any reason with thirty days prior written notice to MSK. MSK may terminate the MSK License immediately upon written notice if the Company is convicted of a felony relating to the manufacture, use or sale of a licensed product anywhere we may manufacture, use or sell the licensed product, or, with a specified notice period, in the event of the Company's insolvency, bankruptcy, or cessation of business operations. MSK may also terminate the MSK License for nonpayment of any fees, milestones or royalties if such payment(s) remain past due for a specified period of time, and for an uncured material breach. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized research and development expense under the MSK Agreement of and and , respectively . 
 Vaccinex Exclusive Product License Agreement 
 In March 2021, the Company and Vaccinex entered into an exclusive product license agreement (the "Vaccinex License Agreement"), to exclusively license certain antibodies, including SRF114. Pursuant to the terms of the Vaccinex License Agreement, the Company has a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, have sold, import, and otherwise exploit licensed products that incorporate certain Vaccinex intellectual property which covers certain antibodies, including the antibody SRF114 targeting CCR8, each a Licensed Product. 
 Under the Vaccinex License Agreement, the Company is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, clinically test, achieve regulatory approval, manufacture, market and commercialize at least one Licensed Product and have the sole right to develop, manufacture and commercialize the licensed products worldwide. The Company is responsible for all costs and expenses of such development, manufacturing and commercialization. Pursuant to the Vaccinex License Agreement, the Company paid Vaccinex a one-time fee of . Vaccinex is eligible to receive up to an aggregate of based on achievement of certain clinical milestones and up to an aggregate of based on achievement of certain regulatory milestones per Licensed Product. The Company also owes low single digit royalties on global net sales of any approved Licensed Products. Commencing on the third anniversary of the date of the Vaccinex License Agreement and continuing until the first dosing of a Licensed Product in a clinical trial, the Company will be required to pay Vaccinex a nominal yearly maintenance fee. 
 The Company may terminate the Vaccinex License Agreement for convenience upon the notice period specified in the Vaccinex License Agreement. Either party may terminate the Vaccinex License Agreement for an uncured material breach by the other party. Vaccinex may terminate the Vaccinex License Agreement if the Company defaults on any payments owed to Vaccinex under the agreement, if the Company is in material breach of, and fail to cure, its development obligations, or institute certain actions related to the licensed patents. In the event of termination, all rights in the licensed intellectual property would revert to Vaccinex. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized research and development expense under the Vaccinex License Agreement of and , respectively. 

14.) ) Foreign Total income (loss) before income taxes ) ) 
 
 Income Taxes 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded income tax benefits for the net losses incurred or for the research and development tax credits generated in each year due to its uncertainty of realizing a benefit from those items. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded income tax expense or benefit for the net income incurred or for the research and development tax credits generated during the year due to the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards and the uncertainty of realizing a benefit from the credits. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Stock-based compensation Research and development tax credits ) ) ) Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 Research and development tax credit carryforwards Intangible assets Accrued expenses Stock-based compensation Lease liability Interest expense Capitalized R D expenditures Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use asset ) ) Depreciation ) ) Beneficial conversion feature on convertible note payable ) ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of and , respectively, and state net operating loss carryforwards of and , respectively, available to reduce future income tax liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of and , respectively, and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of and , respectively, available to reduce future income tax liabilities. The federal net operating loss carryforwards do not expire and the state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2039. The federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2034 and 2032, respectively. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize research and experimental (R D) expenditures under section 174 for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. This rule became effective for the Company during the year and resulted in the capitalization of R D costs of . The Company is amortizing these costs for tax purposes over years if the R D was performed in the U.S. and over years if the R D was performed outside the U.S. 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 over a period. Since its formation, the Company has raised capital through the issuance of capital stock on several occasions. These financings, combined with the purchasing shareholders' subsequent disposition of those shares, could result in a change of control as defined by Section 382. The Company conducted an analysis under Section 382 to determine if historical changes in ownership through December 31, 2020 would limit or otherwise restrict its ability to utilize its NOL and R D credit carryforwards. As a result of this analysis, the Company does not believe there are any significant limitations on its ability to utilize these carryforwards. However, future changes in ownership occurring after December 31, 2020 could affect the limitation in future years, and any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL or R D credit carryforwards before utilization. 
 As required by the provisions of ASC 740, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based upon the level of historical U.S. losses, management has determined that it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will not utilize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets for financial reporting purposes and, as a result, a full valuation allowance has been established at December 31, 2022 and 2021.) ) ) Increases recorded to income tax provision ) ) ) Decreases recorded as a benefit to income tax provision Valuation allowance at end of year ) ) ) 
 
 The Company had unrecognized tax benefits or related interest and penalties accrued for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company will recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. 
 The Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by federal and state jurisdictions, where applicable. The Company's tax years are still open under statute from 2019 to present. All years may be examined to the extent the tax credit or net operating loss carryforwards are used in future periods. There are currently no federal or state audits.. 

15. 
 
 year to years. Certain leases include options to renew, exercised at the Company s sole discretion, with renewal terms that can extend the lease . The Company evaluated the renewal options in its leases to determine if it was reasonably certain that the renewal option would be exercised, and therefore should be included in the calculation of the operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities. Given the Company s current business structure, uncertainty of future growth, and the associated impact to real estate, the Company concluded that it is not reasonably certain that the renewal option related to its corporate headquarters would be exercised. However, for leases it determined the renewal option was probable to be exercised, the Company included the renewal period in the calculation of the operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. All of the Company s leases qualify as operating leases. With the adoption of the new leasing standard, the Company has recorded a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, by calculating the present value of future lease payments, discounted at either or , the Company s incremental borrowing rates, over the expected term. The right-of-use asset is reduced by any lease incentives received and the legacy deferred rent balance. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 term that expires in February 2027 Initial Space ). Rental payments related to the lease commenced in April 2017. In connection with this lease, the Company was entitled to cash incentives from the landlord to be used for the construction of leasehold improvements within the facility. As of January 1, 2019, the Company was entitled to of such incentives, which were recorded as a reduction to the right-of-use asset and included as a straight-line reduction to lease expense over the lease term. 
 In May 2018, the Company executed an amendment to lease an additional square feet at 50 Hampshire Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with a term Expansion Space ). This additional space became available for occupancy on January 1, 2020 and rental payments related to the lease commenced in April 2020. In connection with this lease amendment, the Company was entitled to a landlord-provided tenant improvement allowance of up to to be applied to the cost of the construction of leasehold improvements. The Company determined that it owns the leasehold improvements and, as such, reflected the lease incentive as a reduction of the rental payments used to measure the operating lease liability, and, in turn, the operating lease right-of-use asset as of the lease commencement date. 
 G A Expense Variable lease costs (1) 
 R D Expense G A Expense Total lease cost Weighted-average remaining lease term (in months) 85.92 98.73 109.84 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 (1) Variable lease costs include certain additional charges for operating costs, including insurance, maintenance, taxes, utilities, and other costs incurred, which are billed based on both usage and as a percentage of the Company s share of total square footage. Short term lease costs are immaterial. 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of the Company s operating lease liabilities was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of future lease payments (lease liability) 
 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter 
 
 Sublease Agreement with EQRx, Inc. 
 In December 2019, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with EQRx, Inc. to sublease the entire Expansion Space. The term of the sublease agreement commenced in January 2020 and ends on the last day of the 36th calendar month following rent commencement, with no option to extend. The annual rent for the subleased premises is greater than the annual rent owed by the Company to the landlord for the leased premises. The sublessee is obligated to pay all real estate taxes and costs related to the subleased premises, including cost of operations, maintenance, repair, replacement and property management. The Company concluded that the sublease is an operating lease. Consistent with the Company s policy election for lessor operating leases, each lease component and its associated non-lease components is accounted for as a single lease component. 
 In May 2022, the Company entered into the second amendment to the Sublease Agreement (as amended, the Sublease Amendment ). The Sublease Amendment extended the term of the sublease for a period of months, with an option to extend the sublease for a further six months upon the expiration of the Sublease Amendment. The Sublease Amendment has been accounted for as a single-modified contract. The Company determined the Sublease Amendment would continue to be accounted for as an operating lease. Consistent with the Company s policy election for lessor operating leases, each lease component and its associated non-lease components is accounted for as a single lease component. 
 2024 
 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized sublease income of , and , respectively. 

16. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 SURFACE ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

17. 
 of employees contributions to the 401(k) Plan up to of compensation and of employees contributions to the 401(k) Plan for salary deferrals between and of compensation. The Company s contributions made under the 401(k) Savings Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 totaled , , and , respectively. 
 F-34 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 
 Company Name Date: March 9, 2023 
 By: /s/ Robert W. Ross, M.D. Robert W. Ross, M.D. Chief Executive Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES 
 
 We, the undersigned directors and officers of Surface Oncology, Inc. (the Company ), hereby severally constitute and appoint Robert W. Ross, M.D. and Denice Torres, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys, with full power to them, and to each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file or cause to be filed the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as each of us might or could do in person, and hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys, and each of them, or their substitute or substitutes, shall do or cause to be done by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ Robert W. Ross, M.D. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 
 March 9, 2023 Robert W. Ross, M.D. /s/ Jessica Fees Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 March 9, 2023 Jessica Fees /s/ Denice Torres Chair March 9, 2023 Denice Torres /s/ Carsten Brunn, Ph.D. Director March 9, 2023 Carsten Brunn /s/ J. Jeffrey Goater Director March 9, 2023 J. Jeffrey Goater /s/ David S. Grayzel, M.D. Director March 9, 2023 David S. Grayzel, M.D. /s/ Benjamin Hickey Director March 9, 2023 Benjamin Hickey /s/ Ramy Ibrahim M.D. Director March 9, 2023 Ramy Ibrahim M.D. /s/ Armen B. Shanafelt, Ph.D. Director March 9, 2023 Armen B. Shanafelt, Ph.D. /s/ Elliott Sigal, M.D., Ph.D. Director March 9, 2023 Elliott Sigal, M.D., Ph.D. /s/ Laurie D. Stelzer Director March 9, 2023 Laurie D. Stelzer 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 surf-12312022xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (No. 333-263207, 333-254023, 333-237044, 333-230129 and 333-224403) and Form S-3 (No. 333-258518) of Surface Oncology, Inc. of our report dated March 9, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 9, 2023 

1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 surf-12312022xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert W. Ross, M.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Surface Oncology, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Robert W. Ross, M.D. Robert W. Ross M.D. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 surf-12312022xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jessica Fees, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Surface Oncology, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Jessica Fees Jessica Fees Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 surf-12312022xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Surface Oncology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Robert W. Ross, M.D. Robert W. Ross, M.D. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 surf-12312022xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Surface Oncology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Jessica Fees Jessica Fees Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 surf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 surf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 surf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 surf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 surf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

