<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1797336_0001213900-23-024952.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5374614</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>247204</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1073492</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1263747</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1359145</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1287431</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024952.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331063848
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024952
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Old Ayala, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001797336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				823578375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39279
		FILM NUMBER:		23783113

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1313 N. MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5100
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(857) 444-0553

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1313 N. MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5100
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024952.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_oldayalainc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 

1934 For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 

1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A 

Form 25 filed by Nasdaq Global Market on January 19, 2023. By
operation of law, Old Ayala s securities will remain registered under Section 12(b) until April 19, 2023. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a
report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market on
June 30, 2022 was approximately million. 

The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding
as of March 30, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 17 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 31 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 31 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 33 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 35 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 36 

i 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

As previously disclosed on October 19, 2022, Old Ayala, Inc. Old
Ayala entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of October 18, 2022, by and
among Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., (f/k/a Advaxis Inc.) a Delaware corporation Advaxis and or New Ayala and Doe Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Advaxis Merger Sub ). On January 19, 2023
(the Closing Date ), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Old Ayala, with Old Ayala continuing
as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Advaxis (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, Advaxis was renamed
 Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The Merger Agreement and additional information on the details of the Merger may be found in
the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC by Old Ayala on October 19, 2022. 

ii 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements.. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including without limitation statements
relating to our development of AL101 and AL102, our ability to continue as a going concern, our future capital needs and our need to raise
additional funds, the promise and potential impact of our preclinical or clinical trial data, the timing of and plans to initiate additional
clinical trials of AL101 and AL102, and the timing and results of any clinical trials or readouts, , are forward-looking statements. These
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, 
 estimate, predict, potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or other
similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements are identified by these terms or expressions. The forward-looking statements
in this Annual Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections
about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the factors described under the sections
in this Annual Report titled and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment.
New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all and uncertainties. 

You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference
in this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events,
changed circumstances or otherwise. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Introductory Note 

The following discussion relates to the business
of New Ayala as it existed prior to the Merger. Following the Merger, New Ayala has combined such existing business and the business of
Old Ayala. In accordance with Rule 12b-23 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we are
incorporating into this Item 1 the description of the business of Old Ayala set forth in pages 233-273 of the Definitive Proxy Statement
of Old Ayala for the Special Meeting of Stockholders of Old Ayala held on January 13, 2023, which was filed with the Commission on December
12, 2022 and which pages are set forth on Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as the Finical Statements refers to Old Ayala. 

General 

Prior to the Merger, New Ayala
was a clinical-stage biotechnology company that was focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary Listeria monocytogenes,
or Lm , Technology antigen delivery products based on a platform technology that utilizes live attenuated Lm bioengineered
to secrete antigen/adjuvant fusion proteins. These Lm -based strains are believed to be a significant advancement in immunotherapy
as they integrate multiple functions into a single immunotherapy and are designed to access and direct antigen presenting cells to stimulate
anti-tumor T cell immunity, activate the immune system with the equivalent of multiple adjuvants, and simultaneously reduce tumor protection
in the Tumor Microenvironment, or TME, to enable T cells to eliminate tumors. The Company believes that Lm Technology immunotherapies
can complement and address significant unmet needs in the current oncology treatment landscape. Specifically, the Company s product
candidates have the potential to optimize the clinical impact of checkpoint inhibitors while having a generally well-tolerated safety
profile. The Company s passion for the clinical potential of Lm Technology is balanced by focus and fiscal discipline which
is directed towards improving treatment options for cancer patients and increasing shareholder value. 

Prior to the Merger, New Ayala
was focused on multiple antigen delivery products which are in various stages of clinical development. All of the Company s products
are anchored in the Company s Lm Technology TM , a unique platform designed for its ability to target various cancers
in multiple ways. As an intracellular bacterium, Lm is an effective vector for the presentation of antigens through both the Major
Histocompatibility Complex, or MHC, I and II pathways, due to its active phagocytosis by Antigen Presenting Cells, or APCs. Within the
APCs, Lm produces virulence factors which allow survival in the host cytosol and potently stimulate the immune system. 

Through a license from the
University of Pennsylvania and through its own development efforts, New Ayala has exclusive access to a proprietary formulation of attenuated
 Lm that is called Lm Technology. Lm Technology is designed to optimize this natural system, and one of the keys to
the enhanced immunogenicity of Lm Technology is the tLLO -fusion protein, which is made up of tumor associated antigen, or
TAA, fused to a highly immunogenic bacterial protein that triggers potent cellular immunity. The tLLO -fusion protein is also designed
to help reduce immune tolerance in the TME and to promote antigen spreading, thereby improving activity in the TME. Multiple copies of
the tLLO -fusion protein within each construct may increase antigen presentation and TME impact. 

As the field of immunotherapy
continues to evolve, the flexibility of the Lm Technology platform allowed New Ayala to develop highly innovative products. To
date, Lm Technology has demonstrated preclinical synergy with multiple checkpoint inhibitors, co-stimulatory agents and radiation
therapy. The safety profile of all Lm Technology constructs seen to date across over 470 patients has been generally predictable
and manageable, consisting mostly of mild to moderate flu-like symptoms that have been transient and associated with infusion. 

The New Ayala Corporate Strategy and Strategic
Considerations 

Prior to the Merger, New Ayala s
strategy was to advance the Lm Technology platform and leverage its unique capabilities to design and develop an array of cancer
treatments. We are currently conducting clinical studies of Lm Technology immunotherapies in early prostate cancer. We identified
and worked with collaborators and potential licensees for these programs and others for first-generation Lm immunotherapies like
ADXS-HPV for HPV-associated cancer and ADXS-HER-2 for pediatric osteosarcoma. 

New Ayala mainly concentrated
on its disease-focused, hotspot/ off-the-shelf neoantigen-directed therapies called ADXS-HOT. ADXS-HOT is a program that
leverages the Company s proprietary Lm technology to target hotspot mutations that commonly occur in specific cancer types.
ADXS-HOT drug candidates are designed to target acquired shared or public mutations in tumor driver genes along with other
cancer-associated antigens that also commonly occur in specific cancer types. 

Prior to the Merger, New Ayala
expected to continue investing exclusively in the HOT construct ADXS-504 in early prostate cancer through an ongoing Investigator Sponsored
Trial (IST) at Columbia University in NYC. The study with ADXS-503 immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer was stopped due to the
difficulty in enrolling additional patients. The Lm Technology platform is protected by a range of patents, covering both product
and process, some of which we believe can be maintained into 2039. 

In October 2022, we announced
that we had entered into the Merger Agreement with Old Ayala, pursuant to which Old Ayala is to merge with and into Merger Sub, a direct,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Old Ayala, with New Ayala continuing as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Merger.
The Merger closed on January 19, 2023. 

1 

Lm Technology and the Immunotherapy
Landscape 

The challenge of cancer immunotherapy
has been to find the best overall balance between efficacy and side effects when mobilizing the body s immune system to fight against
cancer. The development of immune checkpoint inhibitors was a significant step forward, particularly with anti-PD-1 therapies, and brought
with it impressive clinical activity in many different types of cancers, including melanoma, lung, head and neck and urothelial cancers.
However, a literature review published in Science in 2018 noted that anti-PD-1 monotherapy response rates are only in the 15-25 
range, and rise to 50 only in selected groups of patients with desmoplastic melanoma, Merkel carcinoma or tumors with mismatch-repair
deficiency. Development of secondary resistance with disease progression is yet another common limitation of these therapies. Therefore,
for most cancer patients, there is room for improvement. Checkpoint inhibitors can expand existing cancer fighting cells that may already
be present in low numbers and support their activity against cancer cells, but if the right cancer-fighting cells are not present, checkpoint
inhibitors may not provide clinical benefit. Similarly, there are many mechanisms of immune tolerance that are distinct from the checkpoints
which may also be blocking the immune system from fighting cancer. Based on both pre-clinical and early clinical data, New Ayala believes
that checkpoint inhibitors, when combined with treatments such as Lm Technology, can have an amplified anti-tumor effect. Lm
 Technology incorporates several complementary elements that include innate immune stimulation, potent generation of cancer-targeted
T cells, ability to boost immunity through multiple treatments, enhancing lymphocyte infiltration into tumors, reduction of non-checkpoint
mediated immune tolerance within the tumor microenvironment, and promotion of antigen spreading which may amplify the effects of treatment.
These results provide rationale for further testing of Lm Technology agents alone and in combination with checkpoint inhibitors. 

Traditional cancer vaccines
were another development within immunotherapy and have a history beginning over 30 years ago. Unfortunately, these vaccines have largely
been unsuccessful for a variety of potential reasons. These include poor selection of targets, imbalanced antigen presentation by inclusion
of certain immune enhancing agents (adjuvants), failure to consider the blocking actions of immune tolerance, and choice of vaccine vectors.
In some cases, patients may develop neutralizing antibodies, preventing further treatments. In contrast to traditional cancer vaccines,
 Lm Technology takes advantage of a natural pathway in the immune system that evolved to protect us against Listeria infections,
that also happens to generate the same type of immunity that is required when fighting cancer. The live but weakened (attenuated) bacteria
stimulate a balanced concert of innate immune triggers and present the tumor antigen target precisely where it needs to be able to generate
potent cancer fighting cells from within the immune system itself. The multitude of accompanying signals serves to broadly mobilize most
of the immune system in support of fighting what seems to be a Listeria infection, and is then re-directed against
cancer cell targets. Additionally, the unique intracellular lifecycle of Listeria avoids the creation of neutralizing antibodies,
thereby allowing for repeat administration as a chronic therapy with a sustained enhancing of tumor antigen-specific T cell immunity. 

Looking back on the last two
decades, there have been promising technology advancements to harness and activate killer T cells against cancers and every day more is
learned about the interplay between immunity and cancer that can lead to improved treatments. However, there are still significant unmet
needs in the immunotherapy landscape that New Ayala, feels Lm Technology may be able to address and complement. Specifically, Lm
 Technology has the potential to optimize and expand checkpoint inhibitor activity in combination. It also avoids many of the limitations
of previous cancer vaccine attempts by tapping into the pathway reserved for defense against Listeria infection while incorporating
the best cancer targets science can identify, including neoantigens that result from mutations in the cancer. Moreover, these immunotherapies
could be effectively used as adjuvant therapies for patients who have had clinical response to radical therapy, in order to prevent emergence
of new metastases and disease progression. To date, Lm Technology products have a manageable safety profile, do not generate neutralizing
antibodies lending themselves to retreatments, and most of the products are designed to be immediately available for treatment without
the complication and expense of modifying a patient s own cells in a laboratory. 

Lm Technology: An optimized Listeria 
-based antigen delivery system 

New Ayala s Listeria
 -based immunotherapies are designed for antigen delivery through a process of insertion of multiple copies of the proprietary tLLO -fusion
protein into each extrachromosomal protein expression and secretion plasmid that makes and secretes the target protein right inside the
patient s antigen presenting cells to initiate and/or boost their immune response. The tLLO -fusion protein approach was developed
at the University of Pennsylvania as an improvement over insertion of a single copy of the target gene, as an ACT-A (or other Lm peptide)
fusion, within the bacterial genome for four key reasons: 

1. 
 Multiple copies of the DNA in the plasmids per bacteria can result in larger amounts of tLLO -fusion protein being expressed simultaneously, versus a single copy. This is designed to improve antigen presentation and immunologic priming and increases the number of T cells generated for a particular treatment. 

2. 
 tLLO expressed on plasmids (with or without a tumor target protein attached) has been shown preclinically to reduce numbers and immune suppressive function of Tregs and myeloid-derived suppressor cells, or MDSCs, in the tumor microenvironment. Presented preclinical data demonstrates that Tregs are destroyed as soon as five days after the first Lm Technology treatment and that suppressive M2 tumor-associated macrophages, or TAMs, are replaced by M1 macrophages which support antigen presentation and adoptive immunity. 

3. 
 The extrachromosal DNA plasmids themselves also contain CpG sequence patterns that trigger TLR-9, which confers additional innate immune stimulation beyond a Listeria without the plasmids. 

4. 
 The multiple copies of bacterial DNA plasmids (up to 80-100 per bacteria) confers additional stimulation of the STING receptor within APC s which has been associated with enhancing anti-cancer immunity in patients. 

2 

Clinical Pipeline 

Prior to the Merger, New Ayala
was focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary Lm Technology antigen delivery products. New Ayala is currently
winding down or has wound down clinical studies of Lm Technology immunotherapies in four program areas: 

Non-small cell lung cancer (ADXS-503) 

Human Papilloma Virus HPV )-associated cancers 

Personalized neoantigen-directed therapies 

Human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) associated cancers 

All these clinical program
areas are anchored in the Company s Lm Technology , a unique platform designed for its ability to safely and effectively
target various cancers in multiple ways. The Phase 1/2 study with ADXS-PSA pembrolizumab in metastatic castration-resistant prostate
cancer patients was closed on January 25, 2021. The MEDI Phase 2 combo study (AZ) with AXAL durvalumab in Cervical and Head and
Neck Cancer and the AIM2CERV Phase 3 clinical trial with ADXS-HPV (AXAL) in cervical cancer were closed on August 22, 2019 and June 11,
2021, respectively. The study with personalized neoantigen-directed therapies (ADXS-NEO) was closed on May 22, 2020 and the NEO program-IND
inactivation request was submitted to the FDA on May 10, 2021. On October 18, 2022, New Ayala announced that it would begin the orderly
wind down of its ADXS-503 product in the 4Q 2022 to focus primarily on the Old Ayala product line and its other products. 

While we are currently winding
down clinical studies of Lm Technology immunotherapies in these program areas, our license agreements continue with OS Therapies,
LLC, for ADXS-HER2, and with GBP for the exclusive license for the development and commercialization of ADXS-HPV or AXAL in Asia, Africa,
and the former USSR territory, exclusive of India and certain other countries. 

New Ayala Pipeline of Product Candidates 

Disease-focused hotspot/ off -the-shelf 
neoantigen therapies (ADXS-HOT) 

Prior to the Merger, New Ayala
created a new group of immunotherapy constructs for major solid tumor cancers that combines our optimized Lm Technology vector
with promising targets designed to generate potent anti-cancer immunity. The ADXS-HOT program is a series of novel cancer immunotherapies
that will target somatic mutations, or hotspots; cancer testis antigens, or CTAs; and oncofetal antigens, or OFAs. These three types of
targets form the basis of the ADXS-HOT program because they are designed to be more capable of generating potent, tumor-specific, and
high-strength killer T cells, versus more traditional over-expressed native sequence tumor associated antigens. Most hotspot mutations
and OFA/CTA proteins play critical roles in oncogenesis; targeting both at once could significantly impair cancer proliferation. The ADXS-HOT
products will combine many of the potential high avidity targets that are expressed in all patients with the target disease into one off-the-shelf, 
ready-to-administer treatment. The ADXS-HOT technology has a strong intellectual property, or IP, position, with potential protection
into 2037, and an IP filing strategy provides for broad coverage opportunities across multiple disease platforms and combination therapies.
New Ayala entered into an agreement with Columbia University Irving Medical Center in April 2021 to fund a phase 1 clinical study evaluating
ADXS-504 in patients with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. The study started early in 3Q 2021 and was the first clinical evaluation
of ADXS-504, New Ayala s off-the-shelf neoantigen immunotherapy drug candidate for early prostate cancer. 

Nearly 248,530 men in the
United States will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2021. It has been estimated that ~135,000 new cases undergo radical prostatectomy
(RP) or radiotherapy (RT). Of these cases, 20 40 of pts with RP and 30 50 with RT will experience rising prostate specific
antigen (PSA) levels following local therapy (BCR) within 10 years, a condition known as biochemical recurrence (BCR). BCR is not typically
associated with imminent death, and biochemical progression may occur over a prolonged period. Clinicians treating men with BCR thus face
a difficult set of decisions in attempting to delay the onset of metastatic disease and death while avoiding over-treating patients whose
disease may never affect their overall survival or quality of life. 

The phase 1 open-label study
is evaluating the safety and tolerability of ADXS-504 monotherapy, administered via infusion, in 9-18 patients with biochemically recurrent
prostate cancer, i.e., those with elevation of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in the blood after radical prostatectomy or radical radiotherapy
(external beam or brachytherapy) and who are not currently receiving androgen ablation therapy. The study will also evaluate if the body s
immune system can control the prostate cancer following treatment with ADXS-504 monotherapy. 

HPV-Related Cancers 

The Company conducted several
studies evaluating axalimogene filolisbac, or AXAL, for HPV-related cancers. AXAL is an Lm -based antigen delivery product directed
against HPV and designed to target cells expressing HPV. 

In June 2019, the Company
announced the closing of its AIM2CERV Phase 3 clinical trial with axalimogene filolisbac (AXAL) in high-risk locally advanced cervical
cancer. Company estimates showed that the remaining cost to complete the AIM2CERV trial ranged from 80 million to 90 million, and initial
efficacy data was not anticipated for at least three years. Therefore, results from the clinical trial were not the basis for the decision
to close the study, nor was safety as the trial recently underwent its third Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) review with
no safety issues noted. The Company has unblinded the AIM2CERV clinical data generated to date and currently has no plans to present it
at any medical conference as the data set is incomplete and inconclusive. The Company s clinical study report of the AIM2CERV Phase
3 study was completed on January 3, 2022 and submitted to the FDA. 

In 2014, New Ayala granted Global
BioPharma, or GBP, an exclusive license for the development and commercialization of AXAL in Asia, Africa, and the former USSR territory,
exclusive of India and certain other countries. GBP is responsible for all development and commercial costs and activities associated
with the development in their territories. 

3 

Personalized Neoantigen-directed Therapies
(ADXS-NEO) 

ADXS-NEO is an individualized
 Lm Technology antigen delivery product developed using whole-exome sequencing of a patient s tumor to identify neoantigens.
ADXS-NEO is designed to work by presenting a large payload of neoantigens directly into dendritic cells within the patient s immune
system and stimulating a T cell response against cancerous cells. In October 2019, the Company announced that it has dosed its last patient
in Part A, in monotherapy, and does not intend to continue into Part B, in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor. As a result, New Ayala
has closed this study. The Company has completed the clinical study report from Part A of the ADXS-NEO study and the NEO program-IND inactivation
request has been submitted to FDA. 

Prostate Cancer (ADXS-PSA) 

According to the American
Cancer Society, prostate cancer is the second most common type of cancer found in American men and is the second leading cause of cancer
death in men, behind only lung cancer. More than 160,000 men are estimated to be diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2018, with approximately
30,000 deaths each year. Unfortunately, in about 10-20 of cases, men with prostate cancer will go on to develop castration-resistant
prostate cancer, or CRPC, which refers to prostate cancer that progresses despite androgen deprivation therapy. Metastatic CRPC, or mCRPC,
occurs when the cancer spreads to other parts of the body and there is a rising prostate-specific antigen, PSA, level. This stage of prostate
cancer has an average survival of 9-13 months, is associated with deterioration in quality of life, and has few therapeutic options available. 

Recent data regarding checkpoint
inhibitor monotherapy has shown some antitumor activity that provides disease control in a subset of patients with bone predominant mCRPC
previously treated with next generation hormonal agents and docetaxel. Data from the KEYNOTE-199 trial in bone predominant-mCRPC patients
treated with KEYTRUDA , or pembrolizumab, was updated at the ASCO GU meeting in 2019. In this trial, the total stable disease/disease
stabilization rate was 39 with no responses reported so far, and only one patient with 50 decrease in the post-baseline PSA value.
It is hypothesized that the limited activity in mCRPC may be due to 1) the inability of the checkpoint inhibitor to infiltrate the tumor
microenvironment and 2) the presence of an immunosuppressive tumor micro-environment, or TME. The combination therapy with agents like
 Lm constructs that induce T cell infiltration within the tumor and decrease negative regulators in the TME may improve performance
of checkpoints in prostate cancer. 

Lm Technology constructs
demonstrated the ability to induce anti-tumor T cell responses and T cell infiltration in the TME and to reduce the number and suppressive
function of Tregs and MDSCs in the TME. For example, destruction of Tregs in the TME has been documented as soon as five days after dosing
 Lm constructs in models. This reduction of immune suppression in the tumors has been attributed to our proprietary tLLO -fusion
peptides expressed by multiple copies of the plasmids in each bacteria. Because of all these effects, it is hypothesized that Lm constructs
can turn cold prostate tumors into hot tumors that better respond to checkpoint inhibitors. Advaxis believes
that the combination of ADXS-PSA, its immunotherapy designed to target the PSA antigen, with a checkpoint inhibitor may provide an alternative
treatment option for patients with mCRPC. 

New Ayala entered into a clinical
trial collaboration and supply agreement with Merck to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ADXS-PSA as monotherapy and in combination
with KEYTRUDA , Merck s anti PD-1 antibody, in a Phase 1/2, open-label, multicenter, dose determination and expansion trial
in patients with previously treated metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer (KEYNOTE-046). ADXS-PSA was tested alone or in combination
with KEYTRUDA in an advanced and heavily pretreated patient population who had progressed on androgen deprivation therapy. A total of
13 and 37 patients were evaluated on monotherapy and combination therapy, respectively. For the ADXS-PSA monotherapy dose escalation and
determination portion of the trial, cohorts were started at a dose of 1 x 10 9 cfu (n=7) and successfully escalated to higher
dose levels of 5x10 9 cfu (n=3) and 1x10 10 cfu (n=3) without achieving a maximum tolerated dose. TEAEs noted at these
higher dose levels were generally consistent with those observed at the lower dose level (1 x 10 9 cfu) other than a higher
occurrence rate of Grade 2/3 hypotension. The Recommended Phase II Dose of ADXS-PSA monotherapy was determined to be 1x 10 9 
cfu based on a review of the totality of the clinical data. This dose was used in combination with 200mg of pembrolizumab in a cohort
of six patients to evaluate the safety of the combination before moving into an expanded cohort of patients. The safety of the combination
was confirmed and enrollment in the expansion cohort phase was initiated. Enrollment in the study was completed in January 2017. 

At the final data cutoff of
September 16, 2019, median overall survival for 37 patients in the combination arm was 33.6 months (95 CI, range 15.4-33.6 months). This
updated median overall survival is an increase from the previous data presented at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual
Meeting in April 2019, where median overall survival was 21.1 months in the combination arm. The combination of ADXS-PSA with KEYTRUDA ,
might be associated with prolonged OS in this population, particularly in patients with unmet medical needs like visceral metastasis (16.4
months, range 4.0 - not reached) and those with prior docetaxel (16 months, range 6.4-34.6). The majority of TEAEs consisted of transient
and reversible Grade 1-2 chills/rigors, fever, hypotension, nausea and fatigue. The combination of ADXS-PSA and KEYTRUDA has appeared
to be well-tolerated to date, with no additive toxicity observed. The Company presented these new data at the ASCO Genitourinary Cancers
Symposium in San Francisco, CA. on February 2020 and the final results were published in the peer-reviewed journal The Oncologist 
in 2022. New Ayala has also completed the clinical study report for the ADXS-PSA study. 

Other Lm Technology Products 

HER2 Expressing Solid Tumors 

HER2 is overexpressed in a
percentage of solid tumors including osteosarcoma. According to published literature, up to 60 of osteosarcomas are HER2 positive, and
this overexpression is associated with poor outcomes for patients. ADXS-HER2 is an Lm Technology antigen delivery product candidate
designed to target HER2 expressing solid tumors including human and canine osteosarcoma. ADXS-HER2 has received FDA and EMA ODD for osteosarcoma
and has received Fast Track designation from the FDA for patients with newly-diagnosed, non-metastatic, surgically-resectable osteosarcoma. 

4 

A phase 1B dose escalation
study of ADXS31-164 in subjects with HER-2 expressing tumors was completed, and the database lock was completed in November 2018. Overall,
ADXS31-164 IV infusion at the dose of 1 10 9 CFU appeared to be safe and well tolerated in 12 subjects treated and evaluable.
No objective responses were observed in this late stage heavily pre-treated patient cohort. The results of this study were primarily intended
to describe the safety and tolerability of ADXS31-164. This study was not intended to contribute to the evaluation of the effectiveness
of ADXS31-164 for the treatment of patients with a history of HER2 expressing tumors. New Ayala has completed the clinical study report
and it has been transferred along with the ADXS31-164 program-IND to OS Therapies, as described below. 

In September 2018, the Company
announced that it had granted a license to OS Therapies, LLC, or OS Therapies, for the use of ADXS31-164, also known as ADXS-HER2, for
evaluation in the treatment of osteosarcoma in humans. Under the terms of the license agreement, OS Therapies, in collaboration with the
Children s Oncology Group, will be responsible for the conduct and funding of a clinical study evaluating ADXS-HER2 in recurrent,
completely resected osteosarcoma. In December 2020 and January 2021, we received an aggregate of 1,415,000 from OS Therapies upon achievement
of the 1,550,000 funding milestone set forth in the license agreement. In April 2021, the Company achieved the second milestone set forth
in the license agreement for evaluation in the treatment of osteosarcoma in humans and received the amount due from OS Therapies of 1,375,000
in May 2021. For more information, see Note 12, Licensing Agreements of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item 8. 

Canine Osteosarcoma 

On March 19, 2014, we entered
into a definitive Exclusive License Agreement, or Aratana Agreement, with Aratana Therapeutics, Inc., or Aratana, where we granted Aratana
an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license, with the right to sublicense, certain of our proprietary technology that enables Aratana
to develop and commercialize animal health products that will be targeted for treatment of osteosarcoma and other cancer indications in
animals. A product license request was filed by Aratana for ADXS-HER2 (also known as AT-014 by Aratana) for the treatment of canine osteosarcoma
with the United States Department of Agriculture, or USDA. Aratana received communication in December 2017 that the USDA granted Aratana
conditional licensure for AT-014 for the treatment of dogs diagnosed with osteosarcoma, one year of age or older. Initially, Aratana plans
to make the therapeutic available for purchase at approximately two dozen veterinary oncology practice groups across the United States
who participate in the study. Aratana received communication in December 2017 that the USDA granted Aratana conditional licensure for
AT-014 for the treatment of dogs diagnosed with osteosarcoma, one year of age or older. Aratana is currently conducting an extended field
study which is a requirement for full USDA licensure. Initially, Aratana plans to make the therapeutic available for purchase at approximately
two dozen veterinary oncology practice groups across the United States who participate in the study. 

Under the terms of the Aratana
Agreement, Aratana paid an upfront payment to New Ayala in the amount of 1,000,000 upon signing of the Aratana Agreement. Aratana will
also pay New Ayala: (a) up to 36.5 million based on the achievement of milestone relating to the advancement of products through the
approval process with the USDA in the United States and the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union, or E.U., in all four
therapeutic areas and up to an additional 15 million in cumulative sales milestones based on achievement of gross sales revenue targets
for sales of any and all products for use in non-human animal health applications, or the Aratana Field, (regardless of therapeutic area),
and (b) tiered royalties starting at 5 and going up to 10 , which will be paid based on net sales of any and all products (regardless
of therapeutic area) in the Aratana Field in the United States. Royalties for sales of products outside of the United States will be paid
at a rate equal to half of the royalty rate payable by Aratana on net sales of products in the United States (starting at 2.5 and going
up to 5 ). Royalties will be payable on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis from first commercial sale of a product in a
country until the later of (a) the 10th anniversary of first commercial sale of such product by Aratana, its affiliates or sub licensees
in such country or (b) the expiration of the last-to-expire valid claim of our patents or joint patents claiming or covering the composition
of matter, formulation or method of use of such product in such country. Aratana will also pay us 50 of all sublicense royalties received
by Aratana and its affiliates. In fiscal year 2019, the Company received approximately 8,000 in royalty revenue from Aratana. Additionally,
in July 2019, Aratana announced that their shareholders approved a merger agreement with Elanco Animal Health, or Elanco, whereby Elanco
is now the majority shareholder of Aratana. On October 6, 2020, the Company received a notice from Aratana, dated September 17, 2020,
indicating that Aratana was terminating the Exclusive License Agreement effective December 21, 2020. The Company did not incur any early
termination penalties as a result of the termination. Aratana was required to make all payments to the Company that were otherwise payable
under the Exclusive License Agreement through the effective date of termination. 

Corporate Information 

We were originally incorporated
in the State of Colorado on June 5, 1987 under the name Great Expectations, Inc. We were a publicly-traded shell company
without any business until November 12, 2004 when we acquired New Ayala, a Delaware corporation, through a Share Exchange and Reorganization
Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2004, which we refer to as the Share Exchange, by and among New Ayala, the stockholders of New Ayala
and us. As a result of the Share Exchange, New Ayala became our wholly-owned subsidiary and our sole operating company. On December 23,
2004, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation and changed our name to New Ayala. On June 6, 2006, our stockholders approved
the reincorporation of our company from Colorado to Delaware by merging the Colorado entity into our wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary.
Our date of inception, for financial statement purposes, is March 1, 2002 and the Company was listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq in 2014. In December 2021, the Company was delisted from Nasdaq and accepted onto the OTCQX. Shares of New Ayala s common stock
are currently quoted on the OTCQX under the symbol ADXS. We have filed an application for listing on Nasdaq, and intend
to undertake the actions necessary to allow our common stock to be uplisted from the OTCQX to Nasdaq. 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 9 Deer Park Drive, Suite K-1, Monmouth Junction, New Jersey 08852, and our telephone number is (609) 452-9813. We maintain
a corporate website at www.ayalapharma.com which contains descriptions of our technology, our product candidates and the development status
of each drug. We make available free of charge through our internet website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file
such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We are not including the information on our website as a part of, nor incorporating
it by reference into, this report. The SEC maintains a website that contains annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements,
and other information that issuers (including us) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website address is http://www.sec.gov. 

5 

Intellectual Property 

Protection of our intellectual
property is important to our business. We have a robust patent portfolio that protects our product candidates and Lm -based immunotherapy
technology. Currently, we own or have rights to several hundred patents and applications, which are owned, licensed from, or co-owned
with University of Pennsylvania, or Penn, Merck, National Institute of Health, or NIH, and/or Augusta University. We aggressively prosecute
and defend our patents and proprietary technology. Our patents and applications are directed to the compositions of matter, use, and methods
thereof, of our Lm -LLO immunotherapies for our product candidates, including AXAL, ADXS-PSA, ADXS-HOT, ADXS-HER2. We have and may
continue to abandon prosecuting certain patents that are not strategically aligned with the direction of the Company. 

Our approach to the intellectual
property portfolio is to create, maintain, protect, enforce and defend our proprietary rights for the products we develop from our immunotherapy
technology platform. We endeavor to maintain a coherent and aggressive strategic approach to building our patent portfolio with an emphasis
in the field of cancer vaccines. Issued patents which are directed to AXAL, ADXS-PSA, and ADXS-HER2 in the United States, will expire
between 2021 and 2032. Issued patents directed to our product candidates AXAL, ADXS-PSA, and ADXS-HER2 outside of the United States, will
expire in 2032. Issued patents directed to our Lm -based immunotherapy platform in the United States, will expire between 2021
and 2031. Issued patents directed to our Lm -based immunotherapy platform outside of the United States, will expire between 2021
and 2033. 

We have pending patent applications
directed to our product candidates AXAL, ADXS-PSA, ADXS-HER2, and ADXS-HOT that, if issued would expire in the United States and in countries
outside of the United States between 2021 and 2037. We have pending patent applications directed to methods of using of our product candidates
AXAL, ADXS-PSA, ADXS-HOT, ADXS-HER2 directed to the following indications and others: prostate cancer and her2/neu-expressing cancer,
that, if issued would expire in the United States and in countries outside of the United States between 2021 and 2037, depending on the
specific indications. 

We will be able to protect
our technology from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent it is covered by valid and enforceable patents or is effectively
maintained as trade secrets. Patents and other proprietary rights are an essential element of our business. 

Our success will depend in
part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, technology, and know-how, to operate without
infringing on the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to
protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related to our proprietary technology,
inventions, and improvements that are important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing
technological innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 

Any patent applications which
we have filed or will file or to which we have or will have license rights may not issue, and patents that do issue may not contain commercially
valuable claims. In addition, any patents issued to us or our licensors may not afford meaningful protection for our products or technology,
or may be subsequently circumvented, invalidated, narrowed, or found unenforceable. Our processes and potential products may also conflict
with patents which have been or may be granted to competitors, academic institutions or others. As the pharmaceutical industry expands
and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our processes and potential products may give rise to interferences filed by others
in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or to claims of patent infringement by other companies, institutions or individuals. These entities
or persons could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of
the related product or process. In recent years, several companies have been extremely aggressive in challenging patents covering pharmaceutical
products, and the challenges have often been successful. If any of these actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability
for damages, we could be required to cease the infringing activity or obtain a license in order to continue to manufacture or market the
relevant product or process. We may not prevail in any such action and any license required under any such patent may not be made available
on acceptable terms, if at all. Our failure to successfully defend a patent challenge or to obtain a license to any technology that we
may require to commercialize our technologies or potential products could have a materially adverse effect on our business. In addition,
changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may materially diminish the
value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 

We also rely upon unpatented
proprietary technology, and in the future may determine in some cases that our interests would be better served by reliance on trade secrets
or confidentiality agreements rather than patents or licenses. We may not be able to protect our rights to such unpatented proprietary
technology and others may independently develop substantially equivalent technologies. If we are unable to obtain strong proprietary rights
to our processes or products after obtaining regulatory clearance, competitors may be able to market competing processes and products. 

Others may obtain patents
having claims which cover aspects of our products or processes which are necessary for, or useful to, the development, use or manufacture
of our services or products. Should any other group obtain patent protection with respect to our discoveries, our commercialization of
potential therapeutic products and methods could be limited or prohibited. 

6 

The Drug Development Process 

The product candidates in
our pipeline are at various stages of clinical development. The path to regulatory approval includes multiple phases of clinical trials
in which we collect data that will ultimately support an application to regulatory authorities to allow us to market a product for the
treatment, of a specific type of cancer. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in research and development of new products,
resulting in high costs and variable success rates. Bringing a drug from discovery to regulatory approval, and ultimately to market, takes
many years and significant costs. 

The process required by the FDA before product
candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin at United States clinical trial sites; 

approval by an IRB for each clinical site, or centrally, before each trial may be initiated; 

adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the product candidate s safety, purity, and potency for its intended use, performed in accordance with GCPs; 

development of manufacturing processes to ensure the product candidate s identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency; 

submission to the FDA of a BLA; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the products are produced to assess compliance with cGMPs and to assure that the facilities, methods, and controls are adequate to preserve the therapeutics identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency as well as satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of selected clinical sites and selected clinical investigators to determine GCP compliance; and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing for particular indications for use. 

Preclinical studies include
laboratory evaluation of chemistry, pharmacology, toxicity, and product formulation, as well as animal studies to assess potential safety
and efficacy. Such studies must generally be conducted in accordance with the FDA s GLPs. Prior to commencing the first clinical
trial at a United States investigational site with a product candidate, an IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests
and preclinical literature, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature, and proposed
clinical study protocols among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt
by the FDA, unless the FDA notifies the applicant of safety concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and
places the trial on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical
trial can begin. Clinical holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance.
A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. 

Clinical testing, known as
clinical trials or clinical studies, is either conducted internally by pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies or managed on behalf
of these companies by Clinical Research Organizations, or CROs. The process of conducting clinical studies is highly regulated by the
FDA, as well as by other governmental and professional bodies. In a clinical trial, participants receive specific interventions according
to the research plan or protocol created by the study sponsor and implemented by study investigators. Clinical trials must be conducted
in accordance with federal regulations and GCP requirements, which include the requirements that all research subjects provide their informed
consent in writing for their participation in any clinical trial, as well as review and approval of the study by an IRB. Additionally,
some clinical trials are overseen by an independent data safety monitoring board, which reviews data and advises the study sponsor on
study continuation. A protocol for each clinical trial, and any subsequent protocol amendments, must be submitted to the FDA as part of
the IND. 

Clinical trials may compare
a new medical approach to a standard one that is already available or to a placebo that contains no active ingredients or to no intervention.
Some clinical trials compare interventions that are already available to each other. When a new product or approach is being studied,
it is not usually known whether it will be helpful, harmful, or no different than available alternatives. The investigators try to determine
the safety and efficacy of the intervention by measuring certain clinical outcomes in the participants. 

Phase 1 . Phase 1 clinical trials
begin when regulatory agencies allow initiation of clinical investigation of a new drug or product candidate. They typically involve testing
an investigational new drug on a limited number of patients. Phase 1 studies determine a drug s basic safety, maximum tolerated
dose, mechanism of action and how the drug is absorbed by, and eliminated from, the body. Typically, cancer therapies are initially tested
on late-stage cancer patients. 

7 

Phase 2 . Phase 2 clinical trials
involve larger numbers of patients that have been diagnosed with the targeted disease or condition. Phase 2 clinical trials gather preliminary
data on effectiveness (where the drug works in people who have a certain disease or condition) and to determine the common short-term
side effects and risks associated with the drug. If Phase 2 clinical trials show that an investigational new drug has an acceptable range
of safety risks and probable effectiveness, a company will continue to evaluate the investigational new drug in Phase 3 studies. 

Phase 3 . Phase 3 clinical trials
are typically controlled multi-center trials that involve a larger number of patients to ensure the study results are statistically significant.
The purpose is to confirm effectiveness and safety on a large scale and to provide an adequate basis for physician labeling. These trials
are generally global in nature and are designed to generate clinical data necessary to submit an application for marketing approval to
regulatory agencies. Typically, two Phase 3 trials are required for product approval. Under limited circumstances, however, approval may
be based upon a single adequate and well-controlled clinical trial plus confirmatory evidence or a single large multicenter trial without
confirmatory evidence. 

The FDA may also consider
additional kinds of data in support of a BLA, such as patient experience data and real-world evidence. For genetically targeted populations
and variant protein targeted products intended to address an unmet medical need in one or more patient subgroups with a serious or life
threatening rare disease or condition, the FDA may allow a sponsor to rely upon data and information previously developed by the sponsor
or for which the sponsor has a right of reference, that was submitted previously to support an approved application for a product that
incorporates or utilizes the same or similar genetically targeted technology or a product that is the same or utilizes the same variant
protein targeted drug as the product that is the subject of the application. 

Reports regarding clinical
study progress must be submitted to the FDA and IRB on an annual basis. Additional reports are required if serious adverse events or other
significant safety information is found. Certain reports may also be required to be submitted to the IBC. Investigational biologics must
additionally be manufactured in accordance with cGMPs, imported in accordance with FDA requirements, and exported in accordance with the
requirements of the receiving country as well as FDA. 

Additionally, under the Pediatric
Research Equity Act, or PREA, BLAs or BLA supplements for a new active ingredient, dosage form, dosage regimen, or route of administration,
unless subject to the below requirement for molecularly targeted cancer products, must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness
of the product in all relevant pediatric subpopulations. The FDA may, however, grant deferrals or full or partial waivers of this requirement.
PREA does not apply to orphan designated products approved solely for the orphan indication. 

If a product is intended for
the treatment of adult cancer and is directed at molecular targets that the FDA determines to be substantially relevant to the growth
or progression of pediatric cancer, even if the product has orphan designation, the application sponsors must submit, reports from molecularly
targeted pediatric cancer investigations designed to yield clinically meaningful pediatric study data, gathered using appropriate formulations
for each applicable age group, to inform potential pediatric labeling. Like PREA, FDA may grant deferrals or waivers of some or all of
this data requirement. 

Certain gene therapy studies
are also subject to the National Institutes of Health s Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant DNA Molecules, or NIH Guidelines.
The NIH Guidelines include the review of the study by a local institutional committee called an institutional biosafety committee, or
IBC. The IBC assesses the compliance of the research with the NIH Guidelines, assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential
risk to public health or the environment. 

In addition to the regulations
discussed above, there are a number of additional standards that apply to clinical trials involving the use of gene therapy. The FDA has
issued various guidance documents regarding gene therapies, which outline additional factors that the FDA will consider during product
development. These include guidance regarding preclinical studies; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls; the measurement of product
potency; how FDA will determine whether a gene therapy product is the same as another product for the purpose of the agency s orphan
drug regulations; and long term patient and clinical study subject follow up and regulatory reporting. 

To lessen the burden of subjects
being required to travel to the clinic for an onsite visit during the Lm surveillance phase of the studies, the Lm surveillance
period was reduced to 1 year instead of 3 years based on an agreement with the FDA in November 2020. 

Biologic License Application
(BLA) . During clinical trials, companies usually also complete additional preclinical studies. Companies further develop additional
information about the product candidate s physical characteristics and finalize the cGMP manufacturing process. The results of the
clinical trials using biologics are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA. Following the completion of Phase 3 studies, if the sponsor
of a potential product in the United States believes it has sufficient information to support the safety and effectiveness of the investigational
biologic, the sponsor submits a BLA to the FDA requesting marketing approval. The application is a comprehensive filing that includes
the results of all preclinical and clinical studies, information about the product s composition, and the sponsor s plans
for manufacturing, packaging, labeling and testing the investigational new product. 

Subject to certain exceptions,
the BLA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee at the time of the first submission. FDA has 60 days from its receipt of a BLA to
determine whether the application is sufficiently complete for filing and for a substantive review. If the FDA determines that the NDA
is incomplete, the FDA may refuse to file the application, in which case the applicant must address the FDA identified deficiencies before
refiling. After the BLA is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the application to determine whether the product meets FDA s approval
standards. The FDA aims to complete its review within ten months of the 60-day filing date. For products that present significant improvements
in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of serious conditions FDA aims to complete its review within
6 months of the 60-day filing date. The FDA, however, does not always meet its review goal. The review goal date may also be extended
if FDA requests or the sponsor provides additional information regarding the application. As part of the approval process, FDA will typically
inspect one or more clinical sites, as well as the facility or the facilities at which the product is manufactured to ensure GCP and cGMP
compliance. 

8 

FDA may also refer an application
for review by an independent advisory committee. Specifically, for a product candidate for which no active ingredient (including any ester
or salt of active ingredients) has previously been approved by the FDA, the FDA must either refer that product candidate to an advisory
committee or provide in an action letter, a summary of the reasons why the FDA did not refer the product candidate to an advisory committee.
While FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, it does carefully consider the committee s recommendations. 

After evaluating the application,
FDA may issue an approval letter, authorizing product marketing, or a Complete Response Letter, or CRL, indicating that the application
is not ready for approval. The CRL describes the application s deficiencies and conditions that must be met for product approval.
If a CRL is issued, the applicant may resubmit the application, addressing the deficiencies, withdraw the application, or request a hearing.
Even with submission of additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application is not approvable. 

If approval is granted, the
FDA may limit the indications for use, including the indicated population, require contraindications, warnings or precautions be included
in the product labeling, including black box warnings, or may not approve label statements necessary for successful commercialization.
FDA may also require, or companies may conduct, additional clinical trials following approval, called Phase 4 studies, which can confirm
or refute the effectiveness of a product candidate, and can provide important safety information. FDA may also require the implementation
of a REMS which may include requirements for a medication guide or patient package insert, a communication plan on product risks, or other
elements to assure safe use. 

After approval, some types
of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or label claims, which may themselves require further clinical testing,
or changing the manufacturing process are subject to further FDA review and approval. FDA can also require the implementation REMS or
the conduct of phase 4 studies after product approval. 

Government Regulations 

General 

Government authorities in
the United States and other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the preclinical and clinical testing, manufacturing, labeling,
storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of biopharmaceutical and drug products. In
the United States, the FDA subjects drugs to rigorous review under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the Public Health
Service Act, or PHSA, and implementing regulations. 

Orphan Drug Designation 

Under the ODA, the FDA may
grant ODD, to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which means a disease or condition that affects
fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States, but for which there is no
reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug or biological product available in the United States will be recovered
from domestic sales of the product. Additionally, sponsors must present a plausible hypothesis for clinical superiority to obtain ODD
if there is a product already approved by the FDA that that is considered by the FDA to be the same as the already approved product and
is intended for the same indication. This hypothesis must be demonstrated to obtain orphan exclusivity. 

The benefits of ODD can be
substantial, including research and development tax credits, grants and exemption from user fees. The tax advantages, however, were limited
in the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Moreover, if there is no other product that the FDA considers to be the same product that is approve
for the orphan indication, the orphan designated product is eligible for 7 years of orphan market exclusivity once the product is approved.
During that period, the FDA generally may not approve any other application for the same product for the same indication, although there
are exceptions, most notably when the later product is shown to be clinically superior to the product with exclusivity. Other applicants,
however, may receive approval of different products for the orphan indication or the same product for a different indication during the
orphan exclusivity period. In order to qualify for these incentives, a company must apply for designation of its product as an Orphan
Drug and obtain approval from the FDA. Orphan product designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the
regulatory review and approval process. 

We currently have ODD with
the FDA for AXAL for treatment of anal cancer (granted August 2013), HPV-associated head and neck cancer (granted November 2013); and
treatment of Stage II-IV invasive cervical cancer (granted May 2014). We also have ODD with the FDA for ADXS-HER2 for the treatment of
osteosarcoma (granted May 2014). 

In Europe, the Committee for
Orphan Medicinal Products, COMP, has issued a positive opinion on the application for ODD of AXAL for the treatment of anal cancer (December
2015) and on the application for ODD of ADXS-HER2 for osteosarcoma (November 2015). 

Expedited Review and Approval Programs for
Serious Conditions 

Four core FDA programs are intended
to facilitate and expedite development and review of new biologics to address unmet medical need in the treatment of serious or life-threatening
conditions: Fast Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, accelerated approval, and priority review. We intend to avail ourselves
of any and all of these programs as applicable to our products. 

9 

FDA is required to facilitate
the development, and expedite the review, of products that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or
condition, and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor
of a new biologic product candidate may request that FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent
with, or after, the filing of the IND for the product candidate. FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies for Fast Track
designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. If Fast Track designation is obtained, sponsors may be eligible
for more frequent development meetings and correspondence with the FDA. FDA may also initiate review of sections of a Fast Track product s
BLA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and FDA approves, a schedule for the
submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, FDA s time period goal for reviewing
an application does not begin until the last section of the BLA is submitted. 

Under FDA s accelerated
approval programs, FDA may approve a product for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to
patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical
endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible
morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability
or lack of alternative treatments. 

In clinical trials, a surrogate
endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a
patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A
product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase
4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies,
or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow FDA to withdraw the product from the market on an expedited basis.
All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by FDA. 

Under the provisions of the
FDA Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, enacted in 2012, a sponsor can request designation of a product candidate as a breakthrough
therapy. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a product that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products,
to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate
substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects
observed early in clinical development. Products designated as breakthrough therapies are eligible for intensive guidance on an efficient
development program beginning as early as Phase 1 trials, a commitment from the FDA to involve senior managers and experienced review
staff in a proactive collaborative and cross-disciplinary review, rolling review, and the facilitation of cross-disciplinary review. 

Another expedited pathway
is the Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy, or RMAT, designation. Qualifying products must be a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering
product, human cell and tissue product, or a combination of such products, and not a product solely regulated as a human cell and tissue
product. The product must be intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary
clinical evidence must indicate that the product has the potential to address an unmet need for such disease or condition. Advantages
of the RMAT designation include all the benefits of the Fast Track and breakthrough therapy designation programs, including early interactions
with the FDA. These early interactions may be used to discuss potential surrogate or intermediate endpoints to support accelerated approval. 

Even if a product qualifies
for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide
that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors of clinical trials
of FDA regulated products, including biologics, are required to register and submit certain clinical trial information within specific
timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on their clinicaltrials.gov website. Information related
to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, Trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is then
made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical trials after completion.
Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years, depending on the circumstances,
after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress
of development programs. 

Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 

Successful commercialization
of new drug products depends in part on the extent to which reimbursement for those drug products will be available from government health
administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private
health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drug products they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels.
The availability and extent of reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford a
drug product. Sales of drug products depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of drugs products
are paid for by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government
health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. 

10 

A primary trend in the U.S.
healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs
by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular drug products. In many countries, the prices of drug products are
subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In general, the prices of drug products under such systems
are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for drug products, but monitor
and control company profits. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for drug products may be reduced compared
with the United States. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new drug products are typically made by
CMS an agency within HHS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new drug product will be covered and reimbursed under certain federal
governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare, and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. However, no uniform
policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors and coverage and reimbursement levels for drug
products can differ significantly from payor to payor. In the United States, the process for determining whether a third-party payor will
provide coverage for a biological product typically is separate from the process for setting the price of such product or for establishing
the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. With respect to biologics, third-party payors
may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved
products for a particular indication, or place products at certain formulary levels that result in lower reimbursement levels and higher
cost sharing obligation imposed on patients. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover our product candidates could reduce physician
utilization of a product. Moreover, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate
reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable a manufacturer to maintain price
levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on its investment in product development. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement
for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular medical product
does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product, or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement
rate. As a result, the coverage determination process usually requires manufacturers to provide scientific and clinical support for the
use of their products to each payor separately and is a time-consuming process. 

Coverage policies and third-party
reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for
which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Third-party
payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing
the cost-effectiveness of pharmaceutical products, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If third-party payors do not consider
a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover that product after FDA approval or, if they do,
the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a manufacturer to sell its product at a profit. 

In addition, in many foreign
countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing
and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. In the European Union, governments influence the price of products through their
pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers.
Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has
been agreed to by the government. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical
trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies
to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. There can be no assurance that any country that has price
controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any
of our products. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription products, has become very intense. As
a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross border imports
from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country (particularly in the EEA where it is illegal to impede
such imports from elsewhere within the EEA). 

Other Healthcare Laws 

Manufacturing, sales, promotion
and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States
in addition to the FDA, including CMS, the HHS Office of Inspector General and HHS Office for Civil Rights, other divisions of the HHS
and the Department of Justice. 

Healthcare providers, physicians,
and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which we obtain marketing approval.
Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, healthcare providers and physicians may expose us to broadly applicable fraud
and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through
which we market, sell and distribute any drugs for which we obtain marketing approval. In the United States, these laws include, without
limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, physician transparency, and patient data privacy and security laws and regulations,
including but not limited to those described below. 

The AKS prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly
and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce
or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item
or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical
and medical device manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers and beneficiaries on the other hand.
Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the
exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception
or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the AKS. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated
on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s
intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare
covered business, the statute has been violated. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute
or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Moreover, a claim including items or services resulting from
a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. 

11 

Although we would not submit
claims directly to payors, drug manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA, which imposes civil penalties, including through civil
whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities (including manufacturers) for, among other things, knowingly presenting,
or causing to be presented to federal programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services, including drugs, that are
false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. The
government may deem manufacturers to have caused the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing
inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. Several biopharmaceutical, medical device and
other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under the FCA and civil monetary penalty laws for, among other things, allegedly providing
free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been
prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products for unapproved (e.g., or off-label),
and thus non-covered, uses. In addition, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person who is determined to
have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service
that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. Claims which include items or services resulting from a violation of the federal
AKS are false or fraudulent claims for purposes of the FCA. 

Our future marketing and activities
relating to the reporting of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, if approved, the reporting of prices used to calculate
Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state and third-party reimbursement for our products, and the sale
and marketing of our product candidates, are subject to scrutiny under these laws. 

HIPAA, created additional
federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to
defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under
the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or
stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense and knowingly and willfully
falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection
with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity does not need to have
actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

In addition, there has been
a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and certain other healthcare providers. The Affordable
Care Act, or the ACA, imposed, among other things, new annual reporting requirements through the Physician Payments Sunshine Act for covered
manufacturers for certain payments and transfers of value provided to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership
and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the
required information for all payments, transfers of value and ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties.
Covered manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year and the reported information is publicly made
available on a searchable website. 

We may also be subject to
data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended
by HITECH and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, impose
specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered
entities and their business associates. Among other things, HITECH made HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business
associates, defined as independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected
health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity, although it is unclear that we would be
considered a business associate in the normal course of our business. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties
that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority
to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and
costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in
certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same requirements, thus complicating
compliance efforts. 

Similar state and foreign
fraud and abuse laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements
and claims involving healthcare items or services. Such laws are generally broad and are enforced by various state agencies and private
actions. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless
of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. Some state laws require pharmaceutical
companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant federal government compliance
guidance, and require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other
healthcare providers, marketing expenditures or drug pricing. 

In order to distribute products
commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological
products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers
or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to
establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new
technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation
requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state,
make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives,
as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities
are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

12 

The scope and enforcement
of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of
the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions
between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements
in the healthcare industry. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with
current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be
subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm,
diminished profits and future earnings, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare
and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we
become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, any of
which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. If any of the physicians or other healthcare
providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to
significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Ensuring business
arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be
time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 

Current and Future Legislation 

In the United States and foreign
jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that
could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability
to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. We expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare
reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the
price that we, or any collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 

The ACA, for example, contains
provisions that subject biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars and may reduce the profitability of drug
products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extend Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans,
provide for mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share
of sales to federal healthcare programs. With the current Congress, there will likely be additional administrative or legislative changes,
including modification, repeal or replacement of all, or certain provisions of the ACA, which may impact reimbursement for drugs and biologics.
On January 20, 2017, former President Trump signed an Executive Order directing federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities
under the ACA to waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation of any provision of the ACA that would impose a fiscal
or regulatory burden on states, individuals, healthcare providers, health insurers, or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices.
On October 13, 2017, former President Trump signed an Executive Order terminating the cost-sharing subsidies that reimburse insurers under
the ACA. Several state Attorneys General filed suit to stop the administration from terminating the subsidies, but their lawsuit was dismissed
by a federal judge in California on July 18, 2018. In addition, CMS has recently finalized regulations that would give states greater
flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the
essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. Further, each chamber of Congress has put forth
multiple bills, and may do so again in the future, designed to repeal or repeal and replace portions of the ACA. 

While Congress has not passed
repeal legislation, the Tax Reform Act includes a provision that repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility
payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly
referred to as the individual mandate. Further, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or the BBA, among other things, amended
the ACA, effective January 1, 2019, to increase from 50 percent to 70 percent the point-of-sale discount that is owed by pharmaceutical
manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D and to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the
 donut hole. Congress may consider other legislation to repeal and replace elements of the ACA. On December 14, 2018, a U.S.
District Court judge in the Northern District of Texas ruled that the individual mandate portion of the ACA is an essential and inseverable
feature of the ACA, and therefore because the mandate was repealed as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the remaining provisions of the
ACA are invalid as well. The Trump administration and CMS have both stated that the ruling will have no immediate effect, and on December
30, 2018 the same judge issued an order staying the judgment pending appeal. A Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals hearing to determine
whether certain states and the House of Representatives have standing to appeal the lower court decision was held on July 9, 2019, but
it is unclear when a Court will render its decision on this hearing, and what effect it will have on the status of the ACA. Litigation
and legislation over the ACA are likely to continue, with unpredictable and uncertain results. 

Additionally, other federal
health reform measures have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted: 

The
Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit
Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable
to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. These changes
included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and,
due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the BBA, will remain in effect through 2027, unless additional Congressional
action is taken. 

13 

The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 

The Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 required that CMS reduce the Medicare clinical laboratory fee schedule by 2 in 2013, which served as a base for 2014 and subsequent years. In addition, effective January 1, 2014, CMS also began bundling the Medicare payments for certain laboratory tests ordered while a patient received services in a hospital outpatient setting. 

Further, there has been heightened
governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which have resulted in several recent
Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review
the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products.
In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment
programs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription
drugs to limit the growth of government paid healthcare costs. For example, the U.S. government has passed legislation requiring pharmaceutical
manufacturers to provide rebates and discounts to certain entities and governmental payors to participate in federal healthcare programs.
Further, Congress and the current administration have each indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative
measures to control drug costs, and the current administration recently released a Blueprint , or plan, to reduce the cost
of drugs. The Blueprint contains certain measures that HHS is already working to implement. For example, in May 2019, CMS issued a final
rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. This final rule codified
CMS s policy change that was effective January 1, 2019. Congress has indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or
administrative measures to control drug costs. Individual states in the United States have also been increasingly passing legislation
and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement
constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases,
designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Non-U.S. Regulation 

Before our products can be
marketed outside the United States, they are subject to regulatory approval of the respective authorities in the country in which the
product should be marketed. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary
widely from country to country. No action can be taken to market any product in a country until an appropriate application has been approved
by the regulatory authorities in that country. The time spent in gaining approval varies from that required for FDA approval, and in certain
countries, the sales price of a product must also be approved. The pricing review period often begins after market approval is granted.
Even if a product is approved by a regulatory authority, satisfactory prices might not be approved for such product. 

Collaborations, Partnerships and Agreements 

Collaborations, partnerships
and agreements are a key component of New Ayala s corporate strategy. As a clinical stage biotechnology company without sales revenue,
partnerships are an essential part of the ongoing strategy. Additionally, the evolution of the field of immunotherapy has resulted in
combination treatments becoming ubiquitous; ongoing clinical studies and agreements with many of the leading, large oncology pharmaceutical
companies helps validate that Lm Technology may play a key role in the cancer treatment protocols of the future. 

Our collaborators and partners
include Merck, OS Therapies, Biocon, Global BioPharma, Knight, and others. For more information, see Note 12, Licensing Agreements 
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. 

We entered into an exclusive
worldwide license agreement with Penn, on July 1, 2002 with respect to the innovative work of Yvonne Paterson, Ph.D., Associate Dean for
Research at the School of Nursing at Penn, and former Professor of Microbiology at Penn, in the area of innate immunity, or the immune
response attributed to immune cells, including dendritic cells, macrophages and natural killer cells, that respond to pathogens non-specifically
(subject to certain U.S. government rights). This agreement was amended and restated as of February 13, 2007, and, thereafter, has been
amended from time to time. 

This license, unless sooner
terminated in accordance with its terms, terminates upon the latter of (a) the expiration of the last to expire of the Penn patent rights;
or (b) twenty years after the effective date of the license. Penn may terminate the license agreement early upon the occurrence of certain
defaults by us, including, but not limited to, a material breach by us of the Penn license agreement that is not cured within 60 days
after notice of the breach is provided to us. 

The license provides us with
the exclusive commercial rights to the patent portfolio developed by Penn as of the effective date of the license, in connection with
Dr. Paterson and requires us to pay various milestone, legal, filing and licensing payments to commercialize the technology. In exchange
for the license, Penn received shares of our Common Stock. In addition, Penn is entitled to receive a non-refundable initial license fee,
royalty payments and milestone payments based on net sales and percentages of sublicense fees and certain commercial milestones. Under
the amended licensing agreement, Penn is entitled to receive 2.5 of net sales in the territory. Should annual net sales exceed 250 million,
the royalty rate will increase to 2.75 , but only with respect to those annual net sales in excess of 250 million. Additionally, Penn
will receive tiered sales milestone payments upon the achievement of cumulative global sales ranging between 250 million and 2 billion,
with the maximum aggregate amounts payable to Penn in the event that maximum sales milestones are achieved is 40 million. Notwithstanding
these royalty rates, upon first in-human commercial sale (U.S. E.U.), we have agreed to pay Penn a total of 775,000 over a four-year
period as an advance minimum royalty, which shall serve as an advance royalty in conjunction with the above terms. In addition, under
the license, we are obligated to pay an annual maintenance fee of 100,000 commencing on December 31, 2010, and each December 31st thereafter
for the remainder of the term of the agreement until the first commercial sale of a Penn licensed product. We are responsible for filing
new patents and maintaining and defending the existing patents licensed to us and we are obligated to reimburse Penn for all attorney s
fees, expenses, official fees and other charges incurred in the preparation, prosecution and maintenance of the patents licensed from
Penn. 

14 

Upon first regulatory approval
in humans (US or EU), Penn will be entitled to a milestone payment of 600,000. Furthermore, upon the achievement of the first sale of
a product in certain fields, Penn will be entitled to certain milestone payments, as follows: 2.5 million will be due upon the first
in-human commercial sale (US or EU) of the first product in the cancer field and 1.0 million will be due upon the date of first in-human
commercial sale (US or EU) of a product in each of the secondary strategic fields sold. 

Manufacturing 

cGMPs, are the standards identified
to conform to requirements by governmental agencies that control authorization and licensure for manufacture and distribution of biologic
products for either clinical investigations or commercial sale. GMPs identify the requirements for procurement, manufacturing, testing,
storage, distribution and the supporting quality systems to ensure that a drug product is safe for its intended application. cGMPs are
enforced in the United States by the FDA, under the authorities of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations
and use the phrase current good manufacturing practices to describe these standards. 

Each of New Ayala s
wholly owned product candidates is manufactured using a platform process, with uniform methods and testing procedures. This allows for
an expedited pathway from construct discovery to clinical product delivery, while helping to keep cost of goods low. 

New Ayala has entered into
agreements with multiple third-party organizations, or CMOs, to handle the manufacturing, testing, and distribution of product candidates.
These organizations have extensive experience within the biologics space and with the production of clinical and commercial GMP supplies. 

Competition 

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. As a result, our actual or proposed
immunotherapies could become obsolete before we recoup any portion of our related research and development expenses. While we believe
that our product candidates, technology, knowledge and experience provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from established
and emerging pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, among others. The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are highly competitive,
and this competition comes from both biotechnology firms and from major pharmaceutical companies, including: BioNtech, Moderna, Gritstone,
BMS, AstraZeneca, Merck, Neon Therapeutics, et al., each of which is pursuing cancer vaccines and/or immunotherapies. 

Many of these companies have
substantially greater financial, marketing, and human resources than we do (including, in some cases, substantially greater experience
in clinical testing, manufacturing, and marketing of pharmaceutical products). We also experience competition in the development of our
immunotherapies from universities and other research institutions and compete with others in acquiring technology from such universities
and institutions. In addition, certain of our immunotherapies may be subject to competition from investigational new drugs and/or products
developed using other technologies, some of which have completed numerous clinical trials. 

Our competition will be determined
in part by the potential indications for which drugs are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. Additionally, the
timing of market introduction of some of our potential immunotherapies or of competitors products may be an important competitive
factor. Accordingly, the speed with which we can develop immunotherapies, complete preclinical testing, clinical trials and approval processes
and supply commercial quantities to market are expected to be important competitive factors. We expect that competition among products
approved for sale will be based on various factors, including product efficacy, safety, administration, reliability, acceptance, availability,
price and patent position. 

Experience and Expertise 

Our management team has extensive
experience in oncology development, including contract research, development, manufacturing and commercialization across a board range
of science, technologies, and process operations. We have built internal capabilities supporting research, clinical, medical, manufacturing
and compliance operations and have extended our expertise with collaborations. 

Employees 

As of October 31, 2022, we
had 15 employees, 14 of which were full time employees. Of our full-time employees, 1 holds a Ph.D. degree. None of our employees are
represented by a labor union, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Properties 

New Ayala s principal
office is located at 9 Deer Park Drive, Suite K-1, Monmouth Junction, New Jersey 08852. We will continue to rent necessary offices and
laboratories to support our business. New Ayala believes that its facilities are sufficient to meet its current needs and that suitable
additional space will be available as and when needed. 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company is from time to time involved in legal proceedings in the
ordinary course of our business. The Company does not believe that any of these claims or proceedings against us is likely to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations. For more information regarding legal
proceedings involving the Company, please see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements. 

15 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal office is located at Oppenheimer 4, Rehovot 7670104, Israel, where we lease office and laboratory space under a lease agreement
that terminates in 2029. 

We
believe that our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when
needed. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not subject to any material legal proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

INFORMATION
ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officers 

Kenneth A. Berlin 
 
 58 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Igor Gitelman 
 
 52 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer, VP of Finance 
 
 Andres Gutierrez, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President 

Executive
Officers 

Kenneth Berlin has served as our President and Chief
Executive Officer and is the sole Director of the Board since January 2023. Mr. Berlin served as New Ayala s Interim Chief Financial
Officer from September 2020 to May 2022. Prior to joining New Ayala, Mr. Berlin served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Rosetta
Genomics from November 2009 until April 2018. Prior to Rosetta Genomics, Mr. Berlin was Worldwide General Manager at cellular and molecular
cancer diagnostics developer Veridex, LLC, a Johnson Johnson company. At Veridex he grew the organization to over 100 employees,
launched three cancer diagnostic products, led the acquisition of its cellular diagnostics partner, and delivered significant growth in
sales as Veridex transitioned from an R D entity to a commercial provider of oncology diagnostic products and services. Mr. Berlin
joined Johnson Johnson in 1994 and served as corporate counsel for six years. From 2001 until 2004 he served as Vice President,
Licensing and New Business Development in the pharmaceuticals group, and from 2004 until 2007 served as Worldwide Vice President, Franchise
Development, Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics. Mr. Berlin holds an A.B. degree from Princeton University and a J.D. from the University of California
Los Angeles School of Law. Mr. Berlin s experience in life science companies, as well as his business experience in general, qualify
him to service as our director. 

Igor Gitelman has served as our Interim Chief Financial
Officer since January 2023. Mr. Gitelman served as New Ayala s VP of Finance since November 2020 and Chief Accounting Officer since
February 2021. Prior to joining New Ayala, Mr. Gitelman served as CFO Executive Financial Consultant for Accu Reference Medical Labs,
a clinical diagnostic laboratory. Before that, from February 2017 through November 2018, Mr. Gitelman served as a chief accounting officer
of Cancer Genetics, Inc., a drug discovery, preclinical oncology, and immuno-oncology services company. Prior to that, Mr. Gitelman served
as an Assistant to Vice President (AVP) of Finance and Tax at clinical diagnostic laboratory, BioReference Laboratories, Inc., from October
2005 to October 2016. During this time at BioReference Laboratories, Inc., Mr. Gitelman held various positions of increasing responsibility
managing the company s internal audit function, SEC financial reporting, tax, and corporate finance functions. 

Andres Gutierrez, M.D., Ph.D. has served as our Executive
Vice President and Chief Medical Officer since January 2023. Prior to joining New Ayala, Dr. Gutierrez served as Chief Medical Officer
for Oncolytics Biotech, Inc. from November 2016 to April 2018. Prior to Oncolytics, Dr. Gutierrez was Chief Medical Officer at SELLAS
Life Sciences Group from November 2015 to September 2016 and was Medical Director, Early Development Immuno-Oncology at BMS from October
2012 to November 2015, where he oversaw the development of translational and clinical development of immuno-oncology programs in solid
tumors and hematological malignancies. Earlier, Dr. Gutierrez was Medical Director for several biotechnology companies, including Sunesis
Pharmaceuticals, BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Proteolix and Oculus Innovative Sciences, leading key programs with talazoparib and carfilzomib,
among others. Prior to Oculus, he served as Director of the Gene Cell Therapy Unit at the National Institutes of Health in Mexico
City and as a consultant physician at the Hospital Angeles del Pedregal 

16 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information and Holders 

Our
common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol AYLA. On March 1, 2022, there were 22 holders of record
of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings,
if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future.
The payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital
requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends present in our future
debt agreements, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
May 12, 2020, we completed our IPO and issued and sold 3,666,667 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 15.00 per
share. On June 9, 2020, in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional
shares, we issued and sold 274,022 additional shares of common stock at a price of 15.00 per share. The offer and sale of all of
the shares in the offering was registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
333-236942), as amended, filed in connection with our IPO, or the Registration Statement, which was declared effective by the SEC on
May 7, 2020. The offering terminated after the sale of all securities registered pursuant to the Registration Statement. The net
proceeds have been invested in short- and intermediate-term investments in accordance with our investment policy. These investments
may include money market funds and investment securities consisting of U.S. Treasury notes, and high quality, marketable debt
instruments of corporations and government sponsored enterprises. There has been no material change in the expected use of the net
proceeds from our IPO as described in the final prospectus (File No. 333-236942) filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under
the Securities Act on May 11, 2020 in connection with our IPO, or the Final Prospectus. 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

17 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related
financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, , our actual results
could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion
and analysis. 

A discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 has been reported previously
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022, under the heading Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage oncology company focused on developing and commercializing small molecule therapeutics for patients suffering from
rare and aggressive cancers, primarily in genetically defined patient populations. Our differentiated development approach is predicated
on identifying and addressing tumorigenic drivers of cancer, through a combination of our bioinformatics platform and next-generation
sequencing to deliver targeted therapies to underserved patient populations. Our current portfolio of product candidates, AL101 and AL102,
targets the aberrant activation of the Notch pathway using gamma secretase inhibitors. Gamma secretase is the enzyme responsible for
Notch activation and, when inhibited, turns off the Notch pathway activation. Aberrant activation of the Notch pathway has long been
implicated in multiple solid tumor and hematological cancers and has often been associated with more aggressive cancers. In cancers,
Notch is known to serve as a critical facilitator in processes such as cellular proliferation, survival, migration, invasion, drug resistance
and metastatic spread, all of which contribute to a poorer patient prognosis. AL101 and AL102 are designed to address the underlying
key drivers of tumor growth, and our initial Phase 2 clinical data of AL101 suggest that our approach may address shortcomings of existing
treatment options. We believe that our novel product candidates, if approved, have the potential to transform treatment outcomes for
patients suffering from rare and aggressive cancers. 

Our
product candidates, AL101 and AL102, are being developed as potent, selective, small molecule gamma secretase inhibitors, or GSIs. We
obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to develop and commercialize AL101 and AL102 from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or BMS, in November
2017. BMS evaluated AL101 in three Phase 1 studies involving more than 200 total subjects and AL102 in a single Phase 1 study involving
36 subjects with various cancers who had not been prospectively characterized for Notch activation, and to whom we refer to as unselected
subjects. While these Phase 1 studies did not report statistically significant overall results, clinical activity was observed across
these studies in cancers in which Notch has been implicated as a tumorigenic driver. 

We
are currently evaluating AL102, our oral GSI for the treatment of desmoid tumors, in a Phase 2/3 pivotal study. Initial interim data
read-out from Part A and dose selection is expected around mid-2022 with Part B of the study to commence immediately thereafter. Part
B of the study will be a double-blind placebo-controlled study enrolling up to 156 patients with progressive disease, randomized between
AL102 or placebo. The study s primary endpoint will be progression free survival, or PFS with secondary endpoints including ORR,
duration of response, or DOR and patient reported QOL measures. 

In addition, we had a collaboration with Novartis
International Pharmaceutical Limited, or Novartis, to develop AL102 for the treatment of multiple myeloma, or MM, in combination with
Novartis B-cell maturation antigen, or BCMA, targeting therapies. The first patient was dosed with AL102 in combination with Novartis 
BCMA targeting agent in April 2021. 

We
are currently evaluating AL101 as a monotherapy in an open-label Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic adenoid
cystic carcinoma, or R/M ACC, for patients bearing Notch-activating mutations. We refer to this trial as the ACCURACY trial. We use next-generation
sequencing, or NGS, to identify patients with Notch-activating mutations, an approach that we believe will enable us to target the patient
population with cancers that we believe are most likely to respond to and benefit from AL101 treatment. We chose to initially target
R/M ACC based on our differentiated approach, which is comprised of: data generated in a Phase 1 study of AL101 in unselected, heavily
pretreated subjects conducted by BMS, our own data generated in patient-derived xenograft models, our bioinformatics platform and our
expertise in the Notch pathway. 

18 

We
are currently conducting our ongoing Phase 2 ACCURACY trial for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic adenoid cystic carcinoma, or R/M
ACC, in subjects with progressive disease and Notch-activating mutations. If approved, we believe that AL101 has the potential to be
the first therapy approved by the FDA for patients with R/M ACC and address the unmet medical need of these patients. AL101 was granted
Orphan Drug Designation in May 2019 for the treatment of adenoid cystic carcinoma, or ACC, and fast track designation in February 2020
for the treatment of R/M ACC. In the second quarter of 2020, we commenced dosing of patients in our ACCURACY trial for the treatment
of R/M ACC with Notch-activating mutations at the higher dose of 6mg. We reported initial data from this trial in 2021 and plan to report
additional data in 2022. 

We are also developing AL102 for the treatment
of T-ALL, an aggressive, rare form of T-cell specific leukemia. Based on findings from our Phase 1 study of AL101 and supporting data
from our preclinical studies. 

As
part of our efforts to focus our resources on the more advanced programs and studies including the RINGSIDE study in desmoid tumors and
the ACCURACY study for ACC, we elected to discontinue the TENACITY trial, which was evaluating AL101 as a monotherapy in an open-label
Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of patients with Notch-activated R/M TNBC. 

We
were incorporated as a Delaware corporation on November 14, 2017, and our headquarters is located in Rehovot, Israel. Our operations
to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital and conducting research and development
activities for our product candidates. To date, we have funded our operations primarily through the sales of common stock and convertible
preferred stock. 

We
have incurred significant net operating losses in every year since our inception and expect to continue to incur significant
expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter
to quarter and year to year and could be substantial. Our net losses were 38.0 million and 40.3 million for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 149.2 million. We anticipate
that our expenses will increase significantly as we: 

advance
our development of AL101 for the treatment of R/M ACC; 

advance
our Phase 2/3 RINGSIDE pivotal trial of AL102 for the treatment of desmoid tumors, or obtain and conduct clinical trials for any other
product candidates; 

assuming
successful completion of our Phase 2 ACCURACY trial of AL101 for the treatment of R/M ACC, may be required by the FDA to complete Phase
3 clinical trials to support submission of a New Drug Application, or NDA, of AL101 for the treatment of R/M ACC; 

establish
a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize AL101 and/or AL102, if approved, and for any other product candidates
for which we may obtain marketing approval; 

collaborate
with leading diagnostic companies to develop diagnostic tests for identifying patients with Notch-activating mutations; 

maintain,
expand, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire
additional staff, including clinical, scientific, technical, regulatory operational, financial, commercial and other personnel, to execute
our business plan; and 

add
clinical, scientific, operational, financial and management information systems and personnel to support our product development and
potential future commercialization efforts, and to enable us to operate as a public company. 

We
do not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory
approval for a product candidate. Additionally, we currently use contract research organizations, or CROs, to carry out our clinical
development activities. Furthermore, we incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. As a result, we will need
substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations, pursue our growth strategy and continue as a going concern. Until
such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to fund our operations through public or equity
offerings or debt financings, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements
or other sources. We may, however, be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable
terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements as and when needed would have a negative impact on
our financial condition and our ability to develop our current or any future product candidates. 

19 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with therapeutics product development, we are unable to predict accurately the timing
or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate revenue
from product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing
basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents
totalling 2.4 million. Due to the uncertainty in securing additional funding, and the insufficient amount of cash and cash equivalent
resources at December 31, 2022, we have concluded that substantial doubt exists with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
Substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern may materially and adversely affect the price per share of our common
stock, and it may be more difficult for us to obtain financing. If potential collaborators decline to do business with us or potential
investors decline to participate in any future financings due to such concerns, our ability to increase our cash position may be limited.
We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with the development of our current and any future product candidates, the development of our platform and technology and because
the extent to which we may enter into collaborations with third parties for development of any of our product candidates is unknown, we
are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses required for completing the research and development
of our product candidates. 

If
we raise additional funds through marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing
arrangements with third parties, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, intellectual property, future
revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favourable to us. If we are unable to raise additional
funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate product candidate development
programs or future commercialization efforts, grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to
develop and market ourselves or discontinue operations. 

License
Agreements 

Bristol-Myers
Squibb 

In
November 2017, we entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or BMS, for AL101 and AL102,
each a small molecule gamma secretase inhibitor in development for the treatment of cancers. Under the terms of the license agreement,
we have licensed the exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights for AL101 (previously known as BMS-906024) and AL102
(previously known as BMS-986115). 

We
are responsible for all future development and commercialization of AL101 and AL102. In consideration for the rights granted under the
agreement, we paid BMS a payment of 6 million and issued to BMS 1,125,929 shares of Series A preferred stock valued at approximately
 7.3 million. We are obligated to pay BMS up to approximately 142 million in the aggregate upon the achievement of certain clinical
development or regulatory milestones and up to 50 million in the aggregate upon the achievement of certain commercial milestones by
each product containing the licensed BMS compounds. In addition, we are obligated to pay BMS tiered royalties ranging from a high single-digit
to a low teen percentage on worldwide net sales of all products containing the licensed BMS compounds. 

BMS
has the right to terminate the BMS License Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to us (a) for insolvency-related events involving
us, (b) for our material breach of the BMS License Agreement if such breach remains uncured for a defined period of time, (c) for our
failure to fulfill our obligations to develop or commercialize the BMS Licensed Compounds and/or BMS Licensed Products not remedied within
a defined period of time following written notice by BMS, or (d) if we or our affiliates commence any action challenging the validity,
scope, enforceability or patentability of any of the licensed patent rights. We have the right to terminate the BMS License Agreement
(a) for convenience upon prior written notice to BMS, the length of notice dependent on whether a BMS Licensed Product has received regulatory
approval, (b) upon immediate written notice to BMS for insolvency-related events involving BMS, (c) for BMS s material breach of
the BMS License Agreement if such breach remains uncured for a defined period of time, or (d) on a BMS Licensed Compound-by-BMS Licensed
Compound and/or BMS Licensed Product-by-BMS Licensed Product basis upon immediate written notice to BMS if we reasonably determine that
there are unexpected safety and public health issues relating to the applicable BMS Licensed Compounds and/or BMS Licensed Products.
Upon termination of the BMS License Agreement in its entirety by us for convenience or by BMS, we grant an exclusive, non-transferable,
sublicensable, worldwide license to BMS under certain of our patent rights that are necessary to develop, manufacture or commercialize
BMS Licensed Compounds or BMS Licensed Products. In exchange for such license, BMS must pay us a low single-digit percentage royalty
on net sales of the BMS Licensed Compounds and/or BMS Licensed Products by it or its affiliates, licensees or sublicensees, provided
that the termination occurred after a specified developmental milestone for such BMS Licensed Compounds and/or BMS Licensed Products.
For more information regarding this agreement, please see Business License Agreements. 

20 

Novartis 

In
December 2018, we entered into an evaluation, option and license agreement, or the Novartis Agreement, with Novartis International Pharmaceutical
Limited, or Novartis, pursuant to which we granted Novartis an exclusive option to obtain an exclusive license to research, develop,
commercialize and manufacture AL102 for the treatment of multiple myeloma. 

We
will continue to supply Novartis quantities of AL102, products containing AL102 and certain other materials for purposes of conducting
evaluation studies not comprising human clinical trials during the option period, together with our know-how as may reasonably be necessary
in order for Novartis to conduct such evaluation studies. Novartis has agreed to reimburse us for all such expenses. 

At
any time during the option term, Novartis may exercise its option by payment of a low eight figure option exercise fee. If Novartis exercises
its option, it will be obligated to pay us up to an additional 245 million upon the achievement of certain clinical development and
commercial milestones. In addition, Novartis is obligated to pay us tiered royalties at percentages ranging from a mid-single digit to
a low double-digit percentage on worldwide net sales of products licensed under the agreement. 

The
option we granted to Novartis will remain in effect until the earlier of (a) 60 days following the last visit of the last subject in
the evaluation studies, (b) the termination of the Novartis Agreement, or (c) 36 months following the delivery by us to Novartis of sufficient
amounts of clinical evaluation materials to conduct the anticipated clinical studies. The Novartis Agreement remains in effect until
such time as no Novartis Licensed Product is being developed or commercialized by Novartis, its affiliates, or sublicensees (including
distributors or commercial partners), unless terminated earlier. We have the right to terminate the Novartis Agreement (a) for Novartis s
material breach if such breach remains uncured for 60 days (such cure period shall be extended for an additional period during which
Novartis is making good faith efforts to cure such breach) or (b) for Novartis s failure to use commercially reasonable efforts
to develop or commercialize AL102 and/or the Novartis Licensed Product not remedied within four months following written notice to Novartis.
Novartis has the right to terminate the Novartis Agreement (a) in its entirety or on a country-by-country basis for convenience, upon
60 days written notice to us, (b) for our material breach if such breach remains uncured for 60 days (such cure period shall be
extended for an additional period during which we are making good faith efforts to cure such breach) or (c) upon immediate written notice
to us for insolvency-related events involving us. For more information regarding this agreement, please see Business License
Agreements. 

On
June 2, 2022, Novartis informed the Company that Novartis does not intend to exercise its option to obtain an exclusive license for AL102,
thereby terminating the agreement. 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which applies to all contracts with customers.
Under Topic 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects
the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements
that an entity determines are within the scope of Topic 606, the entity performs the following five steps: 

(i) identify
the contract(s) with a customer; 

(ii) identify
the performance obligations in the contract; 

(iii) determine
the transaction price; 

(iv) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

(v) recognize
revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 

At
contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic 606, we assess the goods or services promised within
the contract and determine those that are performance obligations and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct. 

Customer
option to acquire additional goods or services gives rise to a performance obligation in the contract only if the option provides a material
right to the customer that it would not receive without entering into that contract. 

In
a contract with multiple performance obligations, we must develop estimates and assumptions that require judgment to determine the underlying
stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation, which determines how the transaction price is allocated among the performance
obligations. 

We
evaluate each performance obligation to determine if it can be satisfied at a point in time or over time. 

Revenue
is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration
we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. 

In
December 2018, we entered into the Novartis Agreement for which we paid for its research and development costs. For additional details
regarding the Novartis Agreement, refer to Note 5 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

21 

We
concluded that there is one distinct performance obligation under the Novartis Agreement: Research and development services, an obligation
which is satisfied over time. 

Revenue
associated with the research and development services in the amount of 0.7 million was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to 3.5 million in fiscal year 2021. 

We
concluded that progress towards completion of the research and development performance obligation related to the Novartis Agreement is
best measured in an amount proportional to the expenses incurred from the total estimated expenses. We periodically review and update
our estimates, when appropriate, which may adjust revenue recognized for the period. The transaction price to be recognized as revenue
under the Novartis Agreement consists of the reimbursable research and development costs. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses since inception have consisted solely of research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for our research activities, including the development of and pursuit of
regulatory approval of our lead product candidates, AL101 and AL102, which include: 

employee-related
expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for personnel engaged in research and development functions; 

expenses
incurred in connection with the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, including under agreements with CROs,
investigative sites and consultants; 

costs
of manufacturing our product candidates for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as manufacturers that provide
components of our product candidates for use in our preclinical and current and potential future clinical trials; 

costs
associated with our bioinformatics platform; 

consulting
and professional fees related to research and development activities; 

costs
related to compliance with clinical regulatory requirements; and 

facility
costs and other allocated expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of our facility, utilities, depreciation and other
supplies. 

We
expense research and development costs as incurred. Our external research and development expenses consist primarily of costs such as
fees paid to consultants, contractors and CROs in connection with our preclinical and clinical development activities. We typically use
our employee and infrastructure resources across our development programs and we do not allocate personnel costs and other internal costs
to specific product candidates or development programs with the exception of the costs to manufacture our product candidates. 

The
following table summarizes our research and development expenses by product candidate or development program for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Program-specific costs: 

AL101 

ACC 
 3,601 
 15,363 
 
 TNBC 
 3,747 
 8,051 
 
 General Expenses 
 2,533 
 1,484 
 
 AL102 

General Expenses 
 295 
 42 
 
 Desmoid 
 17,675 
 5,001 
 
 Total research and development expenses 
 27,851 
 29,941 

Research
and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have
higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage
clinical trials. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to be significant for the foreseeable future as we
continue to advance our pivotal Phase 2/3 RINGSIDE study of AL102 for the treatment of desmoid tumors and initiate additional clinical
trials, including AL102 for the treatment of R/R T-ALL, scale our manufacturing processes, continue to develop additional product candidates
and hire additional clinical and scientific personnel. 

22 

The
successful development of AL101, AL102 and any future product candidate is highly uncertain. Accordingly, at this time, we cannot reasonably
estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of these product candidates.
We are also unable to predict when, if ever, we will generate revenue and material net cash inflows from the commercialization and sale
of any of our product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for
any of our product candidates. The duration, costs and timing of preclinical studies, clinical trials and development of our product
candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including: 

successful
completion of clinical trials with adequate safety, tolerability and efficacy profiles for AL101, AL102 and any potential future product
candidates that are satisfactory to the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority; 

approval
of INDs for AL101 and AL102 and any potential future product candidate to commence planned or future clinical trials in the United States
or foreign countries; 

significant
and changing government regulation and regulatory guidance; 

timing
and receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

establishing
arrangements with contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, for third-party clinical and commercial manufacturing to obtain sufficient
supply of our product candidates; 

obtaining,
maintaining, protecting and enforcing patent and other intellectual property rights and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; 

commercializing
the product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with other organizations; 

acceptance
of the product, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

competition
with other therapies; and 

maintenance
of a continued acceptable safety profile of the products following approval. 

A
change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development, manufacture or commercialization enabling activities
of any of our product candidates would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the development of that product
candidate. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we
anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development of a product candidate, or if we experience significant delays
in our clinical trials due to patient enrollment or other reasons, we would be required to expend significant additional financial resources
and time on the completion of clinical development. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel
in executive, finance and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include direct and allocated facility-related
costs as well as professional fees for legal, patent, consulting, investor and public relations, accounting, auditing, tax services and
insurance costs. 

We
expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support continued research and development activities
and potential commercialization of our product candidates. These increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring
of additional personnel and fees to outside consultants, attorneys and accountants, among other expenses. Additionally, we expect to
incur increased expenses associated with being a public company, including the costs of additional personnel, accounting, audit, legal,
regulatory and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with exchange listing and Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC, requirements, director and officer insurance costs, and investor and public relations costs. 

23 

Financial
Income, Net 

Financial
income, net primarily consists of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of
these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements during the reporting periods. These
items are monitored and analyzed by us for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in
the future. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and on various other factors that we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which they
become known. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements require the most significant judgments and estimates. 

Accrued
Research and Development Expenses 

As
part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development
expenses. This process involves reviewing purchase orders and open contracts, communicating with our personnel to identify services that
have been performed on our behalf and calculating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the services when
we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. The majority of our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears
for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advance payments.
We make calculations of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our consolidated financial statements based on facts and
circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of our calculations with the service providers and make
adjustments if necessary. The significant calculation in our accrued research and development expenses include the following costs incurred
for services in connection with research and development activities for which we have not yet been invoiced: 

vendors
in connection with clinical development activities; 

vendors
in connection with the testing of clinical trial materials; 

CROs
in connection with clinical trials; and 

investigative
sites in connection with clinical trials. 

We
contract with CROs to conduct clinical and other research and development services on our behalf. We base our expenses related to CROs
on our calculations of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts with them. The financial terms of
these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances
in which payments made to our CROs will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the research and development
expense. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended
in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual
or amount of prepaid expense accordingly. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research
and development activities are expensed when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the
payment is made. 

Although
we do not expect our calculations to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing
of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in reporting amounts that
are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have not been any material adjustments to our prior calculations of
accrued research and development expenses. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
measure stock options and other stock-based awards granted to employees, directors, consultants or advisors of the company or its affiliates
based on their fair value on the date of the grant and recognize compensation expense of those awards, over the requisite service period,
which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. We apply the accelerated method of expense recognition to all awards with
only service-based vesting conditions. 

For
stock-based awards granted to non-employees, compensation expense is recognized over the period during which services are rendered by
such non-employees until completed. 

24 

We
estimate the fair value of each stock option grant on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which uses as inputs
the fair value of our common stock and assumptions we make for the volatility of our common stock, the expected term of our stock options,
the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term of our stock options and our expected dividend yield. 

Previously,
as a private company with no active public market for our common stock, our board of directors historically determined the fair value
of our common stock on each date of grant, with input from management. Our board of directors periodically determined the estimated per
share fair value of our common stock at various dates using valuations performed by third parties. All options to purchase shares of
our common stock were intended to be granted with an exercise price per share no less than the fair value per share of our common stock
underlying those options on the date of grant, based on the information known to us on the date of grant. Our determinations of the fair
value of our common stock were made using methodologies, approaches and assumptions consistent with the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants Audit and Accounting Practice Aid Series: Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation ,
or the Practice Guide. 

Our
board of directors considered various objective and subjective factors, along with input from management, to determine the fair value
of our common stock, including: 

the
lack of an active public market for our common stock and convertible preferred stock; 

the
prices at which we sold shares of our convertible preferred stock in arm s-length transactions and the superior rights, preferences
and privileges of the convertible preferred stock relative to our common stock, including the liquidation preferences of our preferred
stock; 

our
results of operations and financial condition, including cash on hand; 

the
material risks related to our business; 

our
stage of development and business strategy; 

the
composition of, and changes to, our management team and board of directors; 

the
market performance of publicly traded companies in the life sciences and biotechnology sectors, as well as recently completed initial
public offerings, or IPOs, of companies in the life sciences and biotechnology sectors; and 

the
likelihood of achieving a liquidity event such as an IPO given prevailing market conditions. 

There
are significant judgments and estimates inherent in the determination of the fair value of our common stock. These judgments and estimates
are management s best estimates and include assumptions regarding our future operating performance, the time to completing an initial
public offering or other liquidity event, the related company valuations associated with such events and the determinations of the appropriate
valuation methods. If we had made different assumptions, our stock-based compensation expense, net loss and net loss per common share
could have been different. 

25 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Revenue from license agreement 
 692 
 3,506 
 (80 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (602 
 (3,506 
 (83 
 
 Gross profit 
 90 
 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses: 

- 
 
 Research and development 
 27,851 
 29,941 
 (7 
 
 General and administrative 
 9,742 
 9,277 
 5 
 
 Operating loss 
 (37,503 
 (39,218 
 (4 
 
 Financial income (expense), net 
 74 
 (260 
 (128 
 
 Loss before income tax 
 (37,429 
 (39,478 
 (5 
 
 Taxes on income 
 (584 
 (776 
 (25 
 
 Net loss 
 (38,013 
 (40,254 
 (6 

Revenue 

Revenue associated with the research and development
services mainly under the Novartis Agreement in the amount of 0.7 million was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to 3.5 million recognized in fiscal year 2021. For additional details regarding the Novartis Agreement, refer to Note 5 of our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses were 27.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 29.9 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, an decrease of 2.0 million. This decrease was primarily driven by additional costs in connection with the initiation and advancement
of the Phase 2/3 RINGSIDE pivotal study for desmoids tumors. 

26 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses were 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 9.3 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 0.4 million. This increase was primarily due to lower expenses in connection with our operations as a public
company, including officer and director insurance, increased headcount and stock-based compensation. 

Financial
Income (expense), net 

Financial
Income, net was 74 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to financial expenses, net of 260 thousand for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity 

Since
our inception, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash
flows from our operations. Our net losses were 38.0 million and 40.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 149.2 million. 

On
May 12, 2020, we completed the sale of shares of our common stock in our IPO. In connection with the IPO, we issued and sold 3,940,689
shares of common stock, including 274,022 shares associated with the partial exercise on June 4, 2020 of the underwriters option
to purchase additional shares, at a price to the public of 15.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 52.2 million
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. All shares issued and sold were
registered pursuant to the Registration Statement. 

On
February 19, 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the 2021 Purchase Agreement with the purchasers named
therein (the Investors ). Pursuant to the 2021 Purchase Agreement, we agreed to sell (i) an aggregate of 333,333 shares
of our common stock (the Private Placement Shares ), par value 0.01 per share, together with warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 116,666 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of 18.10 per share (the Common Warrants ), for an aggregate
purchase price of 4,999,995.00 and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,333,333 shares of our common stock with an
exercise price of 0.01 per share (the Pre-Funded Warrants and collectively with the Common Warrants, the Private
Placement Warrants ), together with an aggregate of 466,666 Common Warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of 19,986,661.67
(collectively, the Private Placement ). The Private Placement closed on February 23, 2021. 

In
June 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, as sales agent,
pursuant to which we may, from time to time, issue and sell common stock with an aggregate value of up to 200.0 million in at-the-market 
offerings, under our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-256792) filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021 (the ATM ).
Sales of common stock, if any, pursuant to the Sales Agreement, may be made in sales deemed to be an at the market offering 
as defined in Rule 415(a) of the Securities Act, including sales made directly through The Nasdaq Global Market or on any other existing
trading market for our common stock. Pursuant to the Sales Agreement, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold a total of 827,094
shares of common stock for total gross proceeds of approximately 10.4 million. December 31, 2022, we sold a total of 310,417 shares
of common stock for total gross proceeds of approximately 0.6 million. 

The
exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of each Private Placement Warrant are subject to adjustment
in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting
the common stock. In addition, in certain circumstances, upon a fundamental transaction, a holder of Common Warrants will be entitled
to receive, upon exercise of the Common Warrants, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that such holder would have
received had they exercised the Private Placement Warrants immediately prior to the fundamental transaction. The Pre-Funded Warrants
will be automatically exercised on cashless basis upon the occurrence of a fundamental transaction. Each Common Warrant is exercisable
from the date of issuance and has a term of three years and each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable from the date of issuance and has
a term of ten years. Pursuant to the 2021 Purchase Agreement, we registered the Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants
for resale by the Investors on a registration statement on Form S-3. 

On
October 18, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the Merger Agreement, with Advaxis, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
or Advaxis, and Doe Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Advaxis, or Merger Sub, pursuant to which
Merger Sub will merge with and into us, with us as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Advaxis, or the Merger,
and, collectively with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions. As a result of the Merger, Advaxis
was renamed Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Closing of the Merger occured during the first quarter of 2023. The representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants of the parties set forth in the Merger Agreement will terminate at the Closing. 

27 

The
Private Placement was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder,
as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

The
following table provides information regarding our total cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank cash at December 31, 2022 and
2021 (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 2,724 
 37,339 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (34,510 
 (38,356 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (2 
 (5 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 (103 
 33,330 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (34,615 
 (5,031 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

The
cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from expenses associated with our clinical development programs and early-stage
research and general and administrative expenses. 

Net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 34.5 million was primarily attributable to our net loss
of 38.0 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of 2.7 million, which includes stock-based compensation of 2.2 million and a net increase
in working capital of 0.8 million. 

Net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 of 38.4 million was primarily attributable to our net loss
of 40.3 million, adjusted for stock-based compensation of 2.7 million. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net
cash used by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, of 2 thousand attributable to purchases of property and equipment. 

Net
cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, of 5 thousand was attributable to purchases of property and
equipment. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 0.1 million was
primarily attributable to our issuance of shares at market, net of issuance costs. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 of 33.3 million was primarily attributable to our issuance
of shares and warrants, net of issuance costs. 

Funding
Requirements and Going Concern 

We
expect our expenses to continue to be significant in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research
and development for, initiate later-stage clinical trials for, and seek marketing approval for, our product candidates. In addition,
if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related
to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Furthermore, we incur additional costs associated with operating as a public
company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable
to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs
or future commercialization efforts. 

28 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 2.7 million. We evaluated whether there are conditions
and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year
after the date that the audited consolidated financial statements are issued. Due to the uncertainty in securing additional funding,
and the insufficient amount of cash and cash equivalent resources at December 31, 2022, we have concluded that substantial doubt exists
with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
costs of conducting future clinical trials of AL101 and AL102; 

the
costs of manufacturing additional material for future clinical trials of AL101 and AL102; 

the
scope, progress, results and costs of discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for other potential
product candidates we may develop, if any; 

the
costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the
achievement of milestones or occurrence of other developments that trigger payments under any current or future license, collaboration,
or other agreements; 

the
costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, for any
of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

the
amount of revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing
approval; 

the
costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property
rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

the
severity, duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may adversely impact our business and clinical trials; 

our
headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our business operations and our research and development activities; and 

the
costs of operating as a public company. 

Conducting
preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may
never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, our product
candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products
that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional
financing to achieve our business objectives. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Until
such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity
offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source
of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interests
may be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that could adversely affect your rights
as a common stockholder. Any debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability
to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely
impact our ability to conduct our business. 

If
we raise funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, such as the Novartis Agreement,
we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, intellectual property, future revenue streams, research programs or product
candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or
debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization
efforts, grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves or discontinue
operations. 

29 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage
of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to
use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial
statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable
to public companies, which may make comparison of our financials to those of other public companies more difficult. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our IPO, or December 31, 2025, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more, or (c)
in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC, which means the market value of our outstanding common
stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (2)
the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, and 2022, our cash equivalents consisted of
interest-bearing checking accounts. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in
the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to the short-term nature and the low-risk profile of our interest-bearing accounts, an
immediate 10 change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash and cash equivalents and
short-term restricted bank deposits or on our financial position or results of operations. We are not currently exposed to significant
market risk related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates; however, we have contracted with and may continue to contract with
foreign vendors located in Europe and Israel. Our operations may be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the
future. Inflation generally affects us by increasing our clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation had a material effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

30 

Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

AYALA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Statement of Changes in Stockholders equity F-5 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer 
 Tel: +972-3-6232525 

144 Menachem Begin Road, Building A 
 Fax: +972-3-5622555 

Tel-Aviv 6492102, Israel 
 ey.com 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has a negative cash flows from operating
activities, and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ KOST
FORER GABBAY KASIERER 

A
Member of Ernst Young Global 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Short-Term Restricted Bank Deposits 

Trade Receivables 
 
 -

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Total Current Assets 

Long-Term Assets: 

Deferred issuance costs 
 
 -

Other Assets 

Operating lease right of use asset 
 
 -

Property and Equipment, Net 

Total Long-Term Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: 

Current Liabilities: 

Trade Payables 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Other Accounts Payables 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Long-Term Rent Liability 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity: 

Common Stock of par value per share; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, Respectively. 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except shares and per shares data) 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue from License Agreement 

Cost of Revenue 

Gross Profit 

Research and Development 

General and Administrative 

Operating Loss 

Financial income (expenses), net 

Loss before taxes on income 

Taxes on Income 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per Share attributable to Common Stockholders, Basic and Diluted

Weighted Average Shares Used to Compute Net Loss per Share, Basic and Diluted

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share amounts) 

Total 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
(Deficit) 

Number 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Proceeds from Issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance cost of 

Proceeds from Issuance of common stock, net of issuance cost of 

Exercise of Stock Option 

Stock Based Compensation 

Net Loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Share based compensation 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs of 

Net Loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash used in Operating Activities: 

Shared Based Compensation 

Depreciation 

(Increase) Decrease in Prepaid Expenses and other Assets 

Decrease (Increase) in trade receivables 

Increase (Decrease) in Trade Payables 

Decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Decrease in operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Increase (Decrease) in other Accounts Payable 

Net Cash used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of Property and Equipment 

Net Cash used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Exercise of Stock Options 
 -

Issuance of common stock and warrants, net 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 

Prepaid Transaction expenses 
 
 -

Net Cash used in Financing Activities 

Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at Beginning of the Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of the Year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Activities 

Lease liabilities arising from new right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Non-cash deferred issuance costs 
 
 -

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash Paid for Income Taxes 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Restricted Cash 

Restricted Cash in Other Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of the Year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

AYALA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 7 

million as of December 31, 2022. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used million of cash in operations. The Company has relied on its ability to fund
its operations through public and private equity financings. The Company expects operating losses and negative cash flows to continue
at significant levels in the future as it continues its clinical trials. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million
in cash and cash equivalents, which, without additional funding, the Company believes will not be sufficient to meet its obligations within
the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. The Company plans to continue to fund its
operations through public or private debt and equity financings, but there can be no assurances that such financing will continue to be
available to the Company on satisfactory terms, or at all. If the Company is unable to obtain funding, the Company would be forced to
delay, reduce or eliminate its research and development programs, which could adversely affect its business prospects, or the Company
may be unable to continue operations. As such, those factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

F- 8 

F- 9 

Lab Equipment 

Office Furniture and Equipment 
 - 

million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of all employee contributions,
up to of the employee s base salary. 

months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company does not separate lease components from non-lease
components. 

F- 10 

. 

F- 11 

customer as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. In addition, the potential risk of loss with
any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. The Company grants credit of 45 days to
this one customer. 

. 

F- 12 

million and million was recognized in 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

F- 13 

Cars 

Total operating leases 

F- 14 

Lab Equipment 

Office Furniture and Equipment 

Leasehold Improvements 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Property and Equipment, Net 

thousands and thousands, respectively. 

million paid in arrears for of leasehold improvements. The amount was recorded
as an incentive and is taken into account when computing the ROU asset. 

million for its new office lease agreement. 

Cars 

Total operating leases 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

F- 15 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

years
and , respectively. The following table presents supplementary cash flow information regarding the company s operating leases: 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

After 2027 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Total lease liabilities - operating 

million and million, respectively. 

2023 

2024 

F- 16 

Accrued Research and Development Expenses 

Tax Provision 

Accrued Payroll and Employee Benefits 

Total Accrued Expenses 

F- 17 

million and issued to BMS shares
of Series A Preferred Stock valued at approximately million. The payment and transfer of intellectual property occurred in November
2017 at the time the BMS License Agreement was executed (the Effective Date ). 

million in the aggregate with respect to the first
BMS Licensed Compound to achieve each such event and up to million in the aggregate with respect to each additional BMS Licensed Compound
to achieve each such event. The Company is also obligated to pay BMS payments of up to million in the aggregate for each BMS Licensed
Product that achieves certain sales-based milestone events and tiered royalties on net sales of each BMS Licensed Product by the Company
or its affiliates or sublicensees at rates ranging from a high single-digit to low teen percentage, depending on the total annual worldwide
net sales of each such Licensed Product. If the Company sublicenses or assigns any rights to the licensed patents, the BMS Licensed Compounds
and/or the BMS Licensed Products, the Company is required to share with BMS a portion of all consideration received from such sublicense
or assignment, ranging from a mid-teen to mid-double-digit percentage, depending on the development stage of the most advanced BMS Licensed
Compound or BMS Licensed Product that is subject to the applicable sublicense or assignment, but such portion may be reduced based on
the milestone or royalty payments that are payable by the Company to BMS under the BMS License Agreement. 

equity ownership in
Company, subject to certain exceptions. This right terminated upon the closing of the sale of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock.
The Company estimates the fair value of this anti-dilution commitment using the probability weighted expected return method PWERM ).
At the date of BMS Agreement, the Company recorded liability associated with the anti-dilution right in the amount of approximately 
million, according to its fair value. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recorded an income of approximately million
for the reassessment of the liability, within financial income, net, in the consolidated statement of operations. 

years after the first commercial sale of such BMS Licensed Product in such
country, (b) when such BMS Licensed Product is no longer covered by a valid claim in the licensed patent rights in such country, or
(c) the expiration of any regulatory or marketing exclusivity for such BMS Licensed Product in such country. Any inventions, and
related patent rights, invented solely by either party pursuant to activities conducted under the BMS License Agreement shall be
solely owned by such party, and any inventions, and related patent rights, conceived of jointly by the Company and BMS pursuant to
activities conducted under the BMS License Agreement shall be jointly owned by the Company and BMS, with BMS s rights thereto
included in the Company s exclusive license. The Company has the first right with reasonable consultation with, or
participation by, BMS to prepare, prosecute, maintain and enforce the licensed patents, at the Company s expense. 

F- 18 

million in the
aggregate and tiered royalties on net sales of Novartis Licensed Products by Novartis or its affiliates or sublicensees at rates
ranging from a mid-single-digit to low double-digit percentage, depending on the total annual worldwide net sales of Novartis
Licensed Products. Royalties will be paid on a country-by-country and Novartis Licensed Product-by-Novartis Licensed Product basis
from the first commercial sale of a particular Novartis Licensed Product in a country until the latest of (a) years after the
first commercial sale of such Novartis Licensed Product in such country, (b) when such Novartis Licensed Product is no longer
covered by a valid claim in the licensed patent rights in such country, or (c) the expiration of any regulatory or marketing
exclusivity for such Novartis Licensed Product in such country. Contemporaneously with the Novartis Option Agreement, the Company
entered into a stock purchase agreement and associated investment agreements, or the SPA, with Novartis affiliate, Novartis
Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc., or NIBRI, pursuant to which NIBRI acquired a million equity stake in the Company. 

F- 19 

Total cash equivalents 

Total cash equivalents 

F- 20 

shares of our common stock (the Private
Placement Shares ), par value per share, together with warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of our common stock
with an exercise price of per share (the Common Warrants ), for an aggregate purchase price of and (ii)
pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of our common stock with an exercise price of per share (the Pre-Funded
Warrants and collectively with the Common Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants ), together with an aggregate of
 Common Warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of (collectively, the Private Placement ). The Private
Placement closed on February 23, 2021. The Company had issuance costs of approximately million. The Private Placement closed on
February 23, 2021. The warrants were classified as a component of permanent equity pursuant to ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity and ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging. As of December 31, 2021, the warrants are all outstanding. 

million in at-the-market offerings, under our
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-256792) filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021 (the ATM ). Sales of common stock,
if any, pursuant to the Sales Agreement, may be made in sales deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule
415(a) of the Securities Act, including sales made directly through The Nasdaq Global Market or on any other existing trading market for
our common stock. Pursuant to the Sales Agreement, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total of 
shares of common stock for total gross proceeds of approximately million. 

F- 21 

Warrants for common shares of the company. 

Shares available for future option grants 

Total shares of Common Stock reserved for Issuance 

and shares of restricted Common Stock issued but not outstanding
in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock were authorized for issuance in accordance with the provisions of the 2017 Plan, of which shares
were then available for future awards (whether as share awards or as options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company). Each
option granted under the Plan expires no later than years from the date of grant. The options vest primarily over four to five years
of employment. 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk free rate 
 - 
 - 

F- 22 

General and Administrative 

Total Stock-Based Compensation 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable Options, December 31, 2022 

-

and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options
exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plan.
That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

F- 23 

restricted
shares to officers and employees of the Company. The restricted shares vest over three years starting January 4, 2022. 

restricted shares
to officers and employees of the Company. The restricted shares vest over three years starting May 15, 2022. 

restricted shares
to employees of the Company. The restricted shares vest over four years starting Aug 14, 2022. 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Outstanding at end of Year 

and , per share respectively. 

million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately
 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted shares, expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of years. 

F- 24 

Israel 

Net loss before tax 

- 
 
 Foreign 

Income tax expense 

State and local tax, net of federal benefit 

Foreign rate differences 

Non-deductible stock compensation 

Section 951A GILTI 

Effect of other permanent differences 

Uncertain tax positions 

Change in valuation allowance 

Federal Tax Reform Rate Change 

Tax Credits 

Provision to Return 

Other adjustments 

Effective tax rate 

F- 25 

Tax credit carry forwards 

Intangible and other related assets 

Research and Development Costs 
 
 -

Accrued expenses 

Lease Liability 
 
 -

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 
 -

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right of Use Asset 
 
 -

Total deferred tax liabilities 
 
 -

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

million in respect of the Company s deferred tax assets resulting from tax loss carryforwards,
tax credits and other temporary differences. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the time and
amount of which are uncertain. As the Company is still in its development stage and has not yet generated revenues, it is more likely
than not that sufficient taxable income will not be available for the tax losses to be utilized in the future. Therefore, a valuation
allowance was recorded to reduce the deferred tax assets to their recoverable amounts. 

million for federal income tax purposes and million
for state income tax purposes, which may be available to offset our future taxable income, if any, and begin to expire in various amounts
in 2037 and 2038, respectively, provided that NOLs generated in tax years ending after December 31, 2017 will not be subject to expiration.
In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes
an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to use its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income.
If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service challenges our determinations with respect to the existence of previous ownership changes or the
effects thereof, or if we undergo an ownership change, our ability to use our NOLs could be limited by Section 382 of the Code. Future
changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could also result in an ownership change under Sections 382
and 383 of the Code. In addition, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, utilization of federal NOLs generated in tax years
beginning after December 31, 2017 are limited to a maximum of of the taxable income for such year, after taking into account utilization
of NOLs generated in years beginning before January 1, 2018 and determined without regard to such NOL deduction. Furthermore, our ability
to use NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. For these reasons, we may not be able to use
a material portion of the NOLs, even if we attain profitability. The reduction of the corporate tax rate under recently-enacted U.S. tax
legislation may cause a reduction in the economic benefit of our NOLs and other deferred tax assets available to us. 

thousand and , respectively.
If not utilized, the federal tax carryforwards which expire in 2039. T he Company also had state research
and development credit carryforward of approximately million and will begin to expire in 2037 if not utilized. 

million,
and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not accrued penalties for uncertain tax positions. A reconciliation
of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits is below: 

Additions for uncertain tax position of prior years (foreign exchange and interest) 

Additions for tax positions of current year 

Uncertain tax position at the end of the year 

F- 26 

to effective from January 1, 2017, and to effective from January 1, 2018. 

in 2022 and 2021. Income not eligible for Preferred Enterprise benefits is taxed at the regular corporate tax rates as described
above. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average number of shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted

and weighted average warrants with an exercise price of for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock and ,015options outstanding to purchase common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock and options outstanding to purchase common stock as of December 31, 2021. 

per share, of the Company (the Ayala Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Merger shall be automatically converted into the right to receive shares (as such amount may be adjusted as provided in
the Merger Agreement Exchange Ratio of the common stock, par value per share, of Advaxis (the Advaxis Common
Stock ), (iii) each outstanding option to purchase shares of the Ayala Common Stock (each, an Ayala Option were substituted
and converted automatically into an option (each, an Advaxis Replacement Option to purchase the number of shares of Advaxis
Common Stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the number of shares of Ayala Common Stock subject such Ayala Option immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger, by (b) the Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share,
with each such Advaxis Replacement Option to have an exercise price per share of Advaxis Common Stock equal to (x) the per share exercise
price for the shares of Ayala Common Stock subject to the corresponding Ayala Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger,
divided by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent, and (iv) each restricted stock unit of the Company (each, an
 Ayala RSU outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, whether or not vested or issuable, were substituted
and converted automatically into a restricted stock unit award of Advaxis with respect to a number of shares of Advaxis Common Stock equal
to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the total number of shares of Ayala Common Stock subject to such Ayala RSU immediately prior
to the effective time of the Merger by (ii) the Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share. 

of the combined company s outstanding common stock and Advaxis stockholders will own approximately
 . 

through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Merger. The costs are accounted for as
deferred issuance costs that will be charged to shareholder equity upon the completion of the transaction.. 

F- 27 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible
controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2021,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set
forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
was effective. 

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for
 emerging growth companies. 

Changes in Internal control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

Advaxis plans to file an amendment to its Form
8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023, in which Advaxis expects to include pro forma financial information that contemplates the
merger described in such 8-K being accounted for partially as a business combination and partially as a recapitalization, which differs
from the pro forma financial information included in Advaxis s registration statement on Form S-4 (Commission file no. 333-268586),
in which the transaction was accounted for solely as a business combination. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Code of Ethics 

Our board of directors has adopted a written
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We have posted a current copy
of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website at www.ayalapharma.com in the Investors Media section under
 Corporate Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to,
or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as The Nasdaq Global Market s requirement to disclose
waivers with respect to directors and executive officers, by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified
above. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Kenneth Berlin 

Mr. Berlin has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer
and is the sole Director of the Board since January 2023. Mr. Berlin served as New Ayala s Interim Chief Financial Officer from
September 2020 to May 2022. Prior to joining New Ayala, Mr. Berlin served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Rosetta Genomics
from November 2009 until April 2018. Prior to Rosetta Genomics, Mr. Berlin was Worldwide General Manager at cellular and molecular cancer
diagnostics developer Veridex, LLC, a Johnson Johnson company. At Veridex he grew the organization to over 100 employees, launched
three cancer diagnostic products, led the acquisition of its cellular diagnostics partner, and delivered significant growth in sales as
Veridex transitioned from an R D entity to a commercial provider of oncology diagnostic products and services. Mr. Berlin joined Johnson
 Johnson in 1994 and served as corporate counsel for six years. From 2001 until 2004 he served as Vice President, Licensing and New
Business Development in the pharmaceuticals group, and from 2004 until 2007 served as Worldwide Vice President, Franchise Development,
Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics. Mr. Berlin holds an A.B. degree from Princeton University and a J.D. from the University of California Los
Angeles School of Law. Mr. Berlin s experience in life science companies, as well as his business experience in general, qualify
him to service as our director. 

Igor Gitelman 

Mr. Gitelman has served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer since
January 2023. Mr. Gitelman served as New Ayala s VP of Finance since November 2020 and Chief Accounting Officer since February 2021.
Prior to joining New Ayala, Mr. Gitelman served as CFO Executive Financial Consultant for Accu Reference Medical Labs, a clinical diagnostic
laboratory. Before that, from February 2017 through November 2018, Mr. Gitelman served as a chief accounting officer of Cancer Genetics,
Inc., a drug discovery, preclinical oncology, and immuno-oncology services company. Prior to that, Mr. Gitelman served as an Assistant
to Vice President (AVP) of Finance and Tax at clinical diagnostic laboratory, BioReference Laboratories, Inc., from October 2005 to October
2016. During this time at BioReference Laboratories, Inc., Mr. Gitelman held various positions of increasing responsibility managing the
company s internal audit function, SEC financial reporting, tax, and corporate finance functions. 

Andres Gutierrez, M.D., Ph.D. 

Dr. Gutierrez has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief
Medical Officer since January 2023. Prior to joining New Ayala, Dr. Gutierrez served as Chief Medical Officer for Oncolytics Biotech,
Inc. from November 2016 to April 2018. Prior to Oncolytics, Dr. Gutierrez was Chief Medical Officer at SELLAS Life Sciences Group from
November 2015 to September 2016 and was Medical Director, Early Development Immuno-Oncology at BMS from October 2012 to November 2015,
where he oversaw the development of translational and clinical development of immuno-oncology programs in solid tumors and hematological
malignancies. Earlier, Dr. Gutierrez was Medical Director for several biotechnology companies, including Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, BioMarin
Pharmaceutical, Proteolix and Oculus Innovative Sciences, leading key programs with talazoparib and carfilzomib, among others. Prior to
Oculus, he served as Director of the Gene Cell Therapy Unit at the National Institutes of Health in Mexico City and as a consultant
physician at the Hospital Angeles del Pedregal. 

32 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Following the merger Dr. Roni Mamluk, Mr. Yossi Maimon and Dr. Gary
Gordon are no longer with the company, Mr. Kenneth Berlin, Mr. Igor Gitelman and Dr. Andres Gutierrez are the current officers, however
they did not work in the company during 2021 and 2022. 

Non-Equity 

Stock 
 Option 
 Incentive Plan 

Year 
 Salary 
 (1) 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 (5) 
 Awards 
 (5) 
 Compensation 
 All Other 
 (6) (7) 
 Total 
 
 Roni Mamluk, Ph.D. (2) 
 2022 
 369,236 
 - 
 240,000 
 815,364 
 - 
 135,997 
 1,560,597 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 387,698 
 - 
 383,741 
 596,711 
 157,541 
 146,817 
 1,672,507 
 
 Yossi Maimon, C.P.A., M.B.A. (3) 
 2022 
 294,286 
 - 
 100,000 
 203,841 
 - 
 119,036 
 717,163 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 309,000 
 - 
 95,935 
 149,178 
 125,562 
 121,869 
 801,544 
 
 Gary Gordon, M.D., Ph.D. (4) 
 2022 
 386,250 
 - 
 100,000 
 203,841 
 - 
 49,431 
 739,522 
 
 Former Chief Medical Officer 
 2021 
 386,250 
 - 
 95,935 
 149,178 
 154,500 
 36,646 
 822,509 
 
 Kenneth Berlin 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Igor Gitelman 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Andres Gutierrez 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Senior VP, Chief Medical Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Amounts
reported for the named executive officer and paid in New Israeli Shekels are converted from New Israeli Shekels to U.S. dollars using
an exchange rate of 3.36 New Israeli Shekels to 1 U.S. dollar. 

(2) Dr.
Mamluk is based in Israel. 

(3) Mr.
Maimon is based in Israel. 

(4) Dr.
Gordon is based in the United States. 

(5) 
 Amounts reflect the full grant-date fair value of stock awards and stock options granted during the year computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. We provide information regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all stock awards and option awards made to named executive officers in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

(6) Consists
of contributions to Dr. Mamluk s and Mr. Maimon s severance funds, pension funds and educational funds, in each case, under
Israeli law, and the use of a leased company car. 

(7) Amount
represents matching 401(k) contributions, travel allowance, cell phone use and reimbursement of certain other items relating to Dr. Gordon s
use of a home office. 

33 

Grants outstanding. as of December 31,
2022 

Name 
 Number of Shares of 
 Ayala 
 Restricted 
 Stock 
 Number of Ayala 
 Options 
 
 Executive Officers 

Roni Mamluk, Ph.D., Former President and Chief Executive Officer 
 164,632 (1) 
 251,767 (1) 
 
 Yossi Maimon, CPA, M.B.A., Former Chief Financial Officer 
 55,587 (1) 
 131,068 (1) 
 
 Gary Gordon, M.D., Ph.D., Former Chief Medical Officer 
 50,625 
 140,113 
 
 Directors 

Vered Bisker-Leib, Ph.D., M.B.A. 
 
 21,244 
 
 Murray A. Goldberg 
 
 42,492 
 
 David Sidransky, M.D. 
 
 24,995 
 
 Todd Sone (2) 
 
 42,492 
 
 Robert Spiegel, M.D., F.A.C.P. 
 
 6,249 

(1) Equity compensation award will vest in full upon the completion
of the Merger or upon an agreed termination of employment occurring immediately following the Merger. 

(2) Mr. Sone resigned from the Ayala Board effective July 28,
2021. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table includes information related
to shares available and outstanding awards under our equity incentive plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon Exercise of outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (#) 
 Weighted- 
average Exercise 
 Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights ) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (#) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans approved by security holders 
 1,056,015 
 7.53 
 547,085 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL: 
 1,056,015 
 7.53 
 547,085 

34 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Total # of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Ownership 
 
 Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 1 
 1 
 100 
 
 Kenneth Berlin 
 0 
 0 
 
 Igor Gitelman 
 0 
 0 
 
 Andres Gutierrez 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Chief Executive Officer Kenneth Berlin and Acting Chief Financial Officer Igor Gitelman hold shared voting and dispositive power over the share. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Our policy is to enter into transactions with related
parties on terms that, on the whole, are no more favorable, or no less favorable, than those available from unaffiliated third parties.
Based on our experience in the business sectors in which we operate and the terms of our transactions with unaffiliated third parties,
we believe that all transactions that we enter will meet this policy standard at the time they occur. Presently, we have no such related
party transactions. 

Director Independence 

Our sole director Kenneth Berlin is not independent. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Fee Category 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

525,000 

280,00 

Audit-Related Fees 

45,000 

Tax Fees 

14,000 

10,000 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 

584,000 

290,000 

35 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements. 

The financial statements required by this item are listed
in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 

All financial statement schedules have
been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes
thereto. 

(a)(3) Exhibits. 

The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Filed/Furnished
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39279 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/12/2020 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39279 
 
 3.2 
 
 5/12/2020 

4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-236942 
 
 4.1 
 
 5/4/2020 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of common stock 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-236942 
 
 4.2 
 
 5/4/2020 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39279 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/22/2021 

4.5 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39279 
 
 4.2 
 
 2/22/2021 

4.6 
 
 Form of Indenture 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-256792 
 
 4.3 
 
 6/4/2021 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-236942 
 
 21.1 
 
 3/6/2020 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Definitive Proxy Statement of Old Ayala (f/k/a Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.). Incorporated by reference to the description of the business of Old Ayala set forth in pages 233-273 of the Definitive Proxy Statement of Old Ayala for the Special Meeting of Stockholders of Old Ayala held on January 13, 2023, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022 (File No. 001-39279). 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36138 
 
 99.1 
 
 2/10/2023 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance
with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kenneth Berlin. 

Kenneth Berlin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Igor Gitelman. 

Igor Gitelman 

Interim Chief Financial Officer and VP of Finance 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kenneth Berlin 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Kenneth Berlin 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Igor Gitelman. 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and VP of Finance 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Igor Gitelman 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

37 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_oldayalainc.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022, Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. had one class
of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). References
herein to we, us, our and the Company refer to Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and
not to any of its subsidiaries. 

General 

The following description summarizes some of the terms of our restated
certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws, the amended and restated investors rights agreement and of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. For
a complete description, you should refer to our restated certificate of incorporation, restated bylaws and the amended and restated investors 
rights agreement, copies of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as the relevant provisions of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

Common Stock 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and do not have cumulative voting rights. An election of directors by our stockholders
shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote on the election. Subject to the supermajority
votes for some matters, other matters shall be decided by the affirmative vote of our stockholders having a majority in voting power of
the votes cast by the stockholders present or represented and voting on such matter. Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated
bylaws also provide that our directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds
in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon is required to amend or repeal,
or to adopt any provision inconsistent with, several of the provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation. See below under Anti-Takeover
Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Amendment of Charter Provisions. Holders of common
stock are entitled to receive proportionately any dividends as may be declared by our board of directors, subject to any preferential
dividend rights of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

In the event of our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of common
stock are entitled to receive proportionately our net assets available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all debts
and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive,
subscription, redemption or conversion rights. Our outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders
of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

Under the terms of our restated certificate of incorporation, our board
of directors is authorized to direct us to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series without stockholder approval. Our board
of directors has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights,
conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. 

The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred
stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance
of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future financings and other corporate purposes,
could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from seeking to acquire,
a majority of our outstanding voting stock. There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding, and we have no present plans to issue
any shares of preferred stock. 

Registration Rights 

Certain of our stockholders are entitled to certain rights with respect
to the registration of such shares for public resale under the Securities Act, pursuant to an amended and restated investors rights
agreement by and among us and certain of our stockholders, until the rights otherwise terminate pursuant to the terms of the investors 
rights agreement. Additionally, holders of warrants to purchase our common stock are entitled to certain rights with respect to the registration
for public resale under the Securities Act of shares of our common stock issued or issuable upon exercise of such warrants, pursuant to
a securities purchase agreement by and among certain purchasers named therein. The registration of shares of common stock as a result
of the following rights being exercised would enable holders to trade these shares without restriction under the Securities Act when the
applicable registration statement is declared effective. 

Piggyback Registration Rights 

If we propose to register any shares of our common stock under the
Securities Act, subject to certain exceptions, the holders of registrable securities will be entitled to notice of the registration and
to include their shares of registrable securities in the registration. If our proposed registration involves an underwriting, the managing
underwriter of such offering will have the right to limit the number of shares to be underwritten for reasons related to the marketing
of the shares. 

Form S-3 Registration Rights 

If, at any time after we become entitled under
the Securities Act to register our shares on a registration statement on Form S-3, the holders of at least 20 of the registrable securities
then outstanding request in writing that we effect a registration with respect to all or part of such registrable securities then outstanding
and having an anticipated aggregate offering amount, net of expenses, of at least 3,000,000, we will be required to effect such registration. 

Private Placement Form S-3 Registration Rights 

We have also agreed to use reasonable best efforts
to register certain shares of our common stock issued, or issuable upon exercise of certain warrants, for public resale pursuant to the
Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-3 promptly following the date such form is available for use by us, but in no event
later than June 15, 2021. On June 6, 2021, we registered such shares on a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-256793). 

Expenses and Indemnification 

Ordinarily, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, we will
be required to pay all expenses incurred by us related to any registration effected pursuant to the exercise of these registration rights.
These expenses may include all registration and filing fees, printing expenses, fees and disbursements of our counsel, reasonable fees
and disbursements of a counsel for the selling securityholders and blue sky fees and expenses. Additionally, we have agreed to indemnify
selling stockholders for damages, and any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred, arising from or based upon any untrue statement
of a material fact contained in any registration statement, an omission or alleged omission to state a material fact in any registration
statement or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation or alleged violation by the indemnifying party
of securities laws, subject to certain exceptions. 

Termination of Registration Rights 

The registration rights terminate upon the earlier of the date that
is five years after the closing of our initial public offering, such time as Rule 144 or another similar exemption under the Securities
Act is available for the sale of all of such holders shares without limitation during a three-month period without registration
and the closing of a deemed liquidation event, as defined in the investors rights agreement. 

2 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws 

Some provisions of Delaware law, our restated certificate of incorporation
and our restated bylaws could make the following transactions more difficult: an acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; an acquisition
of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or the removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions
could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest
or in our best interests, including transactions which provide for payment of a premium over the market price for our shares. 

These provisions, summarized below, are intended to discourage coercive
takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of
us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of the increased protection of our potential ability to
negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging
these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock 

The ability of our board of directors, without action by the stockholders,
to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences as designated by our board
of directors could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring
hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our company. 

Stockholder Meetings 

Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws provide
that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our chairman of the board, chief executive officer or president (in the absence
of a chief executive officer), or by a resolution adopted by a majority of our board of directors. 

Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations
and Proposals 

Our restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect
to stockholder proposals to be brought before a stockholder meeting and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other
than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 

Elimination of Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

Our restated certificate of incorporation eliminates the right of stockholders
to act by written consent without a meeting. 

Staggered Board 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes. The directors
in each class serve for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our stockholders. This system of electing and removing
directors may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, because it
generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 

Removal of Directors 

Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that no member of
our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by
law, upon the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the
election of directors. 

Stockholders Not Entitled to Cumulative Voting 

Our restated certificate of incorporation does not permit stockholders
to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock
entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they choose, other than any directors
that holders of our preferred stock may be entitled to elect. 

3 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 

We are subject to Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, which prohibits persons deemed to be interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination 
with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders unless the business
combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another
prescribed exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates,
owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s
voting stock. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in
a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions
not approved in advance by the board of directors. 

Choice of Forum 

Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we
consent in writing to the selection of an alternative form, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for: (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
or other wrongdoing by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders; (3) any action asserting a claim
against us arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or our certificate of incorporation
or bylaws; (4) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (5)
any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Under our restated certificate of incorporation, this exclusive
forum provision will not apply to claims which are vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware, or for which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have subject matter jurisdiction. For instance,
the provision would not apply to actions arising under federal securities laws, including suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our restated certificate of incorporation further
provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our restated certificate of incorporation also provides that any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
these choice of forum provisions. It is possible that a court of law could rule that either or both of the choice of forum provisions
contained in our restated certificate of incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable if it is challenged in a proceeding or otherwise. 

Amendment of Charter Provisions 

The amendment of any of the above provisions, except for the provision
making it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock and the provision prohibiting cumulative voting, would require
approval by holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon. 

The provisions of Delaware law, our restated certificate of incorporation
and our restated bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may
also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover
attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in the composition of our board and management. It is possible
that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best
interests. 

Stock Exchange Listing 

Our stock is not listed on a national securities exchange. In connection
with the Merger, The Nasdaq Capital Markets filed a Form 25 delisting the Company s stock. 

4 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_oldayalainc.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statement (Form S-3) of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and in the related Prospectus of our report dated March 30, 2022
(which contains an explanatory paragraph describing conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements), with respect to the consolidated financial statements
of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tel-Aviv, Israel 

 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Kost, Forer, Gabbay Kasierer 

KOST, FORER, GABBAY KASIERER 

A Member of EY Global 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_oldayalainc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Kenneth Berlin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual on Form 10-K of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kenneth Berlin 

Kenneth Berlin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_oldayalainc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Igor Gitelman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Igor Gitelman. 

Igor Gitelman . 

Interim Chief Financial Officer and VP of Finance 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_oldayalainc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company for the period ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kenneth Berlin 

Kenneth Berlin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_oldayalainc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company for the period ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Igor Gitelman. 

Igor Gitelman. 

Interim Chief Financial Officer and VP of Finance 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ayla-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ayla-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ayla-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ayla-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ayla-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

