<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1811623_0001558370-23-004966.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8090766</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>407293</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1686219</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2475353</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1464778</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1913501</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004966.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329192913
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004966
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PaxMedica, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001811623
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41475
		FILM NUMBER:		23776765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 SOUTH BROADWAY, SUITE 125
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-987-2876

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 SOUTH BROADWAY, SUITE 125
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004966.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 pxmd-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the year ended OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: PAXMEDICA, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The registrant was not a public company as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and therefore, cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. The registrant s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on August 26, 2022. As of March 29, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Table of Contents 
 PAXMEDICA, INC. FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 INDEX 

Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 21 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 54 Item 2. Properties 54 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 54 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 54 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 54 Item 6. [Reserved] 55 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 55 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 66 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 66 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 72 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 72 Item 9B. Other Information 73 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 73 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 73 Item 11. Executive Compensation 73 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 73 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 73 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 73 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 74 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 76 Signatures 77 Index to Financial Statements F-1 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we, our, us, Paxmedica, Inc. Paxmedica and the Company refer to Paxmedica Inc. unless the context requires otherwise. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us, contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, and other future conditions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipate, believe, envision, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, target, potential, will, would, could, should, continue, ongoing, contemplate and other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding: our lack of operating history; the expectation that we will incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future and will need significant additional capital, including through future sales and issuances of equity securities which could also result in substantial dilution to our stockholders; our current and future capital requirements to support our development and commercialization efforts for our product candidates and our ability to satisfy our capital needs; our dependence on our product candidates, which are still in preclinical or early stages of clinical development; our, or our third-party manufacturers , ability to manufacture cGMP batches of our product candidates as required for pre-clinical and clinical trials and, subsequently, our ability to manufacture commercial quantities of our product candidates; whether we will be successful in obtaining a priority review voucher, or PRV, for PAX-101 and the commercial value to be realized from any such PRV, if any; our relationship with TardiMed, an affiliated entity that provides office space and important administrative services to us, as well as our ability to attract and retain key executives and medical and scientific personnel; our ability to complete required clinical trials for our product candidates and obtain approval from the FDA or other regulatory agencies in different jurisdictions; our lack of a sales and marketing organization and our ability to commercialize our product candidates if we obtain regulatory approval; our dependence on third parties to manufacture our product candidates; our reliance on third-party CROs to conduct our clinical trials; our ability to obtain, maintain or protect the validity of our intellectual property, including our granted or potential future patents; our ability to internally develop new inventions and intellectual property; interpretations of current laws and the passages of future laws; acceptance of our business model by investors; 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 adverse developments affecting the financial services industry; the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses and capital requirements; and our ability to adequately support organizational and business growth. 
 We discuss many of these factors in greater detail under Item 1A: Risk Factors. These risk factors are not exhaustive and other sections of this Report may include additional factors which could adversely impact our business and financial performance. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. You should read this Report and the documents that we reference in this Report and have filed as exhibits completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this Report by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Market and Industry Data This Report contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for our product candidates, including data regarding market research, estimates and forecasts prepared by our management. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. In some cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources from which this data is derived. In that regard, when we refer to one or more sources of this type of data in any paragraph, you should assume that other data of this type appearing in the same paragraph is derived from the same sources, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Overview We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focusing on the development of anti-purinergic drug therapies APT for the treatment of disorders with intractable neurologic symptoms, ranging from neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism spectrum disorder ASD ), to Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ME/CFS ), a debilitating physical and cognitive disorder believed to be viral in origin and now with rising incidence globally due to the long term effects of SARS-CoV-2 COVID-19 ). APTs have been shown to block the effects of excess production and extracellular receptor activity of adenosine triphosphate ATP ), which acts as both the main energy molecule in all living cells and a peripheral and central nervous system neurotransmitter via receptors that are found throughout the nervous system. Excess purinergic signaling can offset homeostasis and trigger immune responses that result in localized and systemic increases in inflammatory chemokines and cytokines, ultimately stimulating ATP production. APTs may also impact immunologic and inflammatory mechanisms that may be causing or exacerbating symptoms in these seemingly unrelated disorders, which may be caused in part by similar mechanisms of ATP overproduction. One of our primary points of focus is currently the development and testing of our lead program, PAX-101, an intravenous formulation of suramin, in the treatment of ASD and the advancement of the clinical understanding of using that agent against other disorders such as ME/CFS and Long COVID-19 Syndrome LCS ), a clinical diagnosis in individuals who have been previously infected with COVID-19. In February 2021, we announced positive topline data from our Phase 2 dose-ranging clinical trial evaluating PAX-101 (commonly known as intravenous suramin) for the treatment of the core symptoms of ASD, as described in more detail below. We also intend to submit data to support a New Drug Application (an NDA for PAX-101 under the Tropical Disease Priority Voucher Program of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA for the treatment of Human African Trypanosomiasis, a fatal parasitic infection commonly known as African sleeping sickness HAT ), leveraging suramin s historical use in treating HAT outside of the United States. We have exclusively licensed clinical data from certain academic or international government institutions to potentially accelerate PAX-101 s development plans in the United States through this regulatory program and seek approval in the United States for the treatment of East African HAT (as defined below) as early as 2024. We are also pursuing the development of next generation APT product development candidates for neurodevelopmental indications. These candidates include PAX-102, our proprietary intranasal formulation of suramin, as well as other new chemical entities that are more targeted and selective antagonists of particular purine receptor subtypes. We believe our lead drug candidate (suramin), if approved by the FDA, may be a significant advancement in the treatment of ASD and a potentially useful treatment for ME/CFS and LCS. Our website address is www.paxmedica.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into, this Report. Our Development Strategy Current Clinical Development Plan Our clinical development plan seeks to obtain initial U.S. approval of PAX-101 for the treatment of East African HAT, which is caused by the parasite Trypanosome brucei rhodesiense , and, using the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, leverage such approval, if achieved, to facilitate an accelerated development program for PAX-101 for certain neurologic indications including ASD, ME/CFS and LCS. Based on our pre-IND meeting with the FDA in March 2021 and, in part, on an analysis of the data that we have exclusively licensed from the Ministry of Health, Republic of Malawi and Lwala Hospital (Soroti, Uganda) relative to East African HAT patients treated with suramin, we believe we have created a strong development strategy that we plan to employ in seeking the approval of PAX-101 for the treatment of East African HAT. Based on our prior interactions with the FDA, including our pre-IND meeting with the FDA, we further believe that an approval, if any, in East African HAT could confer upon us the potential receipt of a priority review voucher PRV by the FDA, which we could potentially monetize to fund our future clinical programs. We expect further clinical studies of PAX-101 for the treatment of ASD, ME/CFS and LCS will be required and similar clinical development is needed for PAX-102 to reach the commercial stage. In November 2020, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to PAX-101 for the treatment of East African HAT. However, there can be no assurance that we will receive FDA approval for PAX-101 for the treatment of East African HAT and, even if PAX-101 is approved by the FDA, there can be no assurance that we will receive a PRV. For more information on the PRV process and how we may benefit from it, see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1. Business Governmental Regulation - The Priority Review Voucher Program. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Development Pipeline The following table summarizes our current product candidate and indication pipeline. PAX-101 (intravenous suramin) Our lead product candidate under development is PAX-101, an intravenous formulation of suramin, which we are developing for multiple indications, including East African HAT, ASD, ME/CFS, and LCS. The most advanced indication for which we are developing PAX-101 is for treatment of Stage 1 Trypanosoma brucei rhodesiense (East African) HAT, the stage of the clinical course of HAT in which the parasite is found in the peripheral circulation, but it has not yet infiltrated the CNS. We maintain exclusively licensed worldwide rights to patient-level data on the use of suramin in the treatment of Stage 1 East African HAT, which we intend to leverage for demonstration of the safety and efficacy of PAX-101. We have met with the FDA in two formal meetings regarding the execution and development of PAX-101 for this indication. Pursuant to those conversations, and to satisfy the FDA s requirement of demonstrating substantial effectiveness, rather than conducting new prospective clinical trials, we intend to complete an analysis and presentation of retrospective data from East African HAT patients previously treated with suramin from 2000 to 2020, for which we have the exclusive license. In addition to these retrospective data, we will also conduct preclinical and clinical safety studies to support submission of an NDA for PAX-101 s East African HAT indication. We expect that such work will be completed over the next 16 months, with the intention of filing an NDA in 2024. Additionally, we are developing a proprietary supply chain of drug substance and drug product which will form the basis of our NDA filing. Without establishing this supply chain, we will not be able to submit an NDA for the East African HAT indication. See Manufacturing for additional information about our expected timeline for establishing our supply chain. In November 2020, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to PAX-101 for the treatment of East African HAT. It is expected that PAX-101, if approved by the FDA for the East African HAT indication, will qualify for new chemical entity exclusivity (providing sole marketing rights in the United States to the Company with respect to any product that contains suramin for up to seven years), in addition to orphan drug exclusivity, and potentially a tropical disease PRV. However, even if PAX-101 is approved by the FDA for the East African HAT indication, there can be no assurance that we will receive a tropical disease PRV. Phase 2 Clinical Trial Our lead neurologic indication for PAX-101 is for use in treating core symptoms of ASD. In 2021, we conducted a Phase 2 clinical trial at six sites in South Africa with respect to this indication (the Phase 2 Trial ). The trial was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled design, where we studied two doses of drug versus placebo over a 14-week treatment period. Dosing was at baseline and at the end of weeks 4 and 8. The study population included a patient population with diverse ethnicity and a mean age of approximately 8.4 years. Forty-four of the fifty-two enrolled subjects completed the study, with five withdrawals due to COVID-19 lockdowns, one for an adverse event and three for other reasons. The study evaluated a number of different clinically validated endpoints used in the assessment of the core symptoms of ASD. The primary endpoint of the study was the change between baseline and Week 14 in the 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Aberrant Behavior Checklist ABC composite score of core symptoms ABC Core including ABC-II (lethargy/social withdrawal), ABC-III (stereotypy) and ABC-V (inappropriate speech). PAX-101 10mg/kg demonstrated greater improvement through the 14-week treatment period compared to placebo in several assessment measures, including the ABC Core and the Clinical Global Impression - Global Improvement Scale CGI-I ). At Week 14, there was a mean improvement from baseline of 12.3 points in the ABC Core in subjects on 10 mg/kg vs. 8.4 points in subjects on placebo (p=0.37). The study was not fully powered for efficacy. However, at Week 14, the subjects treated with 10 mg/kg of PAX-101 demonstrated a mean improvement from baseline in the CGI-I overall symptom severity score of 2.8 points versus 1.7 points on placebo. This change in CGI-I was statistically significant (p=0.016). An improvement in the CGI-I overall symptom severity score of 2 points or more is generally considered to be a clinically relevant change. Certain key subpopulations demonstrated even further improvements on these and other assessments. This trial was designed as a robust dose-ranging study to confirm and expand upon the initial data from a prior-published single dose, single site, pilot study, but was not designed to demonstrate statistical significance across all efficacy endpoints. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 We were selected to present the results of the Phase 2 Trial at the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry conference Research Pipeline Presentation on October 27, 2021 and are preparing a manuscript with 11 co-authors to submit such data for publication in a peer-reviewed scientific journal. The full analysis will include data from primary, secondary, and exploratory endpoints evaluated in the trial, safety and laboratory data, and an analysis of the pharmacokinetic data. In July 2021, we completed a pre-IND meeting with the FDA to review the results of this trial where we agreed to obtain additional information about the pharmacokinetic profile of PAX-101 in children in different age groups. We intend to meet with the European Medicines Agency (the EMA and refine the program s development plan for global registration based on additional work required. We intend to seek permission from South African regulatory authorities for an additional PAX-101 study in South Africa to develop additional data in younger female subjects and other protocol refinements before submitting an IND to the FDA, which we currently expect to do in 2024. We are also conducting pre-clinical and other required toxicologic studies to support this IND submission. We are also exploring development of PAX-101 in the treatment of LCS. We have discussed these indication and development plans with our outside scientific advisors and have designed a dose-ranging proof of concept trial design. We received approval from the South African Health Products Regulatory Authority and the South African National Health Research Ethics Council for our clinical trial application for a Phase 1B, prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multiple-dose study. Phase 3 Clinical Trial In November 2022, we initiated the Phase 3 trial, HAT-301, which is a pivotal, retrospective, controlled analysis of suramin for the treatment of Stage 1 East African HAT. The study is underway at multiple primary HAT treatment sites in Uganda and Malawi. The Phase 3 trial is using exclusively licensed, retrospective clinical data that will be reviewed and compared with a natural history controlled dataset comprised of exclusively licensed source data. The primary objective of the study is to demonstrate that the standard of care treatment using suramin, as currently practiced in Uganda and Malawi, leads to better clinical outcomes in patients with Stage 1 East African HAT than observed in an untreated natural history cohort, that had documented illness prior to availability of suramin. Top-line data is expected in the second half of 2023. Clinical Trial of Suramin for Management of ASD In 2017, the Suramin Autism Treatment SAT-1 trial, a double-blind, placebo-controlled, translational pilot study to examine the safety and activity of low-dose suramin in children with ASD, was completed by Naviaux et al. (2017) at the University of California, San Diego. The study included 10 boys aged 4-17 who lived in the San Diego, California area. None of the boys were less than the 5 th percentile in weight for their age, on prescription medications, or had laboratory evidence of liver, kidney, heart, or adrenal abnormalities. Additionally, boys who lived more than 90 minutes from the testing site were excluded from the study to prevent bias due to aberrant behavior resulting from extended travel to and from the University. Boys who had ASD due to a DNA mutation or a chromosomal copy number variation were also excluded from the study. The boys parents were instructed to maintain the boys current therapies (e.g. supplements, speech, and behavioral therapies) throughout the course of the study. The trial consisted of a treatment arm of five boys and a placebo arm of five boys. All 10 boys received a 50 mg test dose of suramin in 5 mL of saline or 5 mL of saline only, followed by a 10 mL saline flush. One hour later, boys in the treatment arm received 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 20 mg/kg of suramin, less the 50 mg test dose, in 50mL of saline, up to a maximum of 1 g, and boys in the placebo arm received 50 mL of saline, each administered intravenously. A 10 mL saline flush followed the second dose s administration as well. In the SAT-1 study, the mean age was 9.1 years (range: 5-14 years), the mean nonverbal Leiter IQ was 80 (range: 66-92), and the mean ADOS-2 comparison score was 9.0 (range: 7-10). No serious toxicities (common terminology criteria for adverse events grades three through five) were encountered. Peripheral neuropathy was not noted in the subject patients. Free cortisol, hemoglobin, white blood cell count, platelets, liver transaminases, creatinine, and urine protein levels were not statistically significantly different among the boys in the treatment arm and those in the placebo arm. All five boys who received suramin experienced a self-limited, evanescent, asymptomatic, fine macular, patchy, morbilliform rash over 1 -20 of their body that peaked one day after infusion and disappeared without intervention between days two and four after infusion. No serious adverse events were encountered. On review by an independent data and safety monitoring board, no safety concerns were noted. 

Difference Difference Instruments Factor or Treatment from baseline from baseline behavior (days) (mean SD) 95 CI d N P P (mean SD) 95 CI d N P p Primary outcomes ADOS-2 Comparison 45 -1.6 0.55 -2.3 to -0.9 2.9 5 0.0028 0.038 -0.4 0.55 -1.1 to + 0.28 0.7 5 0.18 0.16 Raw 45 -4.6 1.9 -7.0. to -2.2 2.4 5 0.0062 0.039 -0.4 1.8 -2.7 to +1.9 0.22 5 0.65 0.58 Social 45 -3.2 1.9 -5.6 to -0.8 2.4 5 0.020 0.043 0.0 1.7 -2.2 to +2.2 0 5 0.99 0.71 Rest/Rep 45 -1.4 0.89 -2.5 to -0.29 1.6 5 0.025 0.059 -0.4 2.1 -3.0 to +2.2 0.19 5 0.69 0.58 EOWPVT Vocabulary 45 -4.2 -8.3 -14.50 to +6.1 -0.51 5 0.32 0.50 +2.0 4.6 -3.8 to +7.8 0.43 5 0.39 0.50 Secondary Outcomes ABC Stereotypy 7 36 2.1 -6.2 to -1.0 1.7 5 0.018 0.043 +0.4 1.9 -2.0 to +2.5 -0.21 5 0.67 0.68 Stereotypy 45 -4.0 2.3 -6.9 to -1.1 1.7 5 0.019 0.042 +1.0 4.3 4.3 to +6.3 -0.23 5 0.63 0.69 ATEC Total 7 -10 7.7 -20 to -0.46 1.3 5 0.044 0.043 +7.2 14 -10 to +25 -0.51 5 0.32 0.35 Language 7 -2.2 1.5 -4.0 to -0.36 1.4 5 0.021 0.059 0.0 4.1 -5.0 to +5.0 0 5 0.99 0.89 Sociability 7 -3.6 2.6 -6.8 to -0.36 1.4 5 0.025 0.063 -0.8 2.8 4.3 to +2.6 0.29 5 0.55 0.58 Language 45 -2.0 1.4 -2.7 to -0.49 1.4 5 0.034 0.059 -0.2 2.9 -3.8 to +3.4 0.07 5 0.88 0.79 CGI Overall ASD 45 -1.8 1.04 -3.4 to -0.15 1.7 5 0.05 n/a 0.0 0.34 -0.55 to +0.55 0 5 0.99 n/a E. Language 45 -2.0 1.04 -3.6 to -0.35 1.9 5 0.01 n/a 0.0 0.34 -0.55 to +0.55 0 5 0.99 n/a Social Inter. 45 -2.0 1.04 -3.6 to -0.35 1.9 5 0.01 n/a 0.0 0.34 -0.55 to +0.55 0 5 0.99 n/a RBQ Total 45 -3.2 5.8 -10.4 to +4.0 0.55 5 0.28 0.22 -0.8 3.3 -4.9 to 3.3 0.24 5 0.62 0.47 ADOS-2, autism diagnostic observation schedule, 2nd edition; EOWPVT, Expressive One-Word Picture Vocabulary Test; ABC, aberrant behavior checklist; ATEC, autism treatment evaluation checklist; CGI, clinical global impression survey; RBQ, repetitive behavior questionnaire; Restr/Rep, restricted or repetitive behaviors; Overall ASD Sx, overall ASD symptoms; E. Language, expressive language; Social Inter., social interaction. Analysis. ADOS, EOWPVT, ABC, ATEC, and RBQ scores were analyzed by paired analysis before and after treatment using each subject as their own control. CGI was analyzed by two-way ANOVA (symptom x time before and after treatment) with post hoc correction. Nonparametric P values were not calculated (n/a). Interpretation. ADOS, ABC, ATEC, CGI, and RBQ are severity score; negative differences from baseline reflect decreased severity, that is, improvement. EOWPVT is a performance score; negative differences reflect a decrease. (1) A positive Cohen s d reflects improvement, and a negative d reflects a decrease by convention. Cohen s d is likely an overestimate of the actual treatment effect based on the large mean differences and small standard deviations found before and after treatment in this small study. (2) p value from parametric paired t-test analysis. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 (3) p value from nonparametric paired Wilcoxon signed-rank sum analysis. 
 Parents reported that, after suramin treatment, the rate of language, social, behavioral, and developmental improvements increased over three weeks, then gradually decreased toward baseline over the next three weeks. ADOS-2 comparison scores at six weeks improved by an average of -1.6 +/- 0.55 points (mean +/- SD; n= 5; 95 CI= -2.3 to -0.9; Cohen s d = 2.9; P = 0.0028) (note: lower score associated with less concern). The mean ADOS comparison score in the suramin-treated group was 8.6 +/- 0.4 at baseline and 7.0 +/- 0.3 at six weeks. An improvement in ABC, Autism Treatment Evaluation Checklist, and Clinical Global Impression of Improvement scores was also noted among boys who received suramin. PAX-102 (intranasal suramin) PAX-102, a proprietary intranasal formulation of suramin, is also being developed for neurologic indications. The rationale for this program is the potential to better target the suramin molecule to the CNS, which may potentially allow us to deliver similar potency to that achieved using PAX-101 and reduce the dose needed and improve the tolerability profile of the drug, ultimately offering patients a more convenient delivery system versus intravenous infusion. We have developed a proprietary intranasal formulation, and based on our in vitro nasal membrane permeation studies using the cultured EpiAirway (Mattek) membrane model, as well as more targeted CNS delivery in vivo, we believe our intranasal formulation has the potential to demonstrate rapid and efficient uptake across the nasal membrane. We expect to move forward towards an Investigational New Drug application (an IND on PAX-102 pending further funding or partnerships. Suramin is not orally bioavailable and has historically been administered intravenously and at very high doses separated by a few days between infusions. Suramin intravenously administered in high doses for treatment and eradication of the parasite that causes East African HAT can cause significant side effects, including rash, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, and a feeling of general discomfort. Other side effects include skin sensations such as crawling or tingling sensations, tenderness of the palms and soles, numbness of the extremities, watery eyes, and photophobia. In addition, when administered in high doses or as a continuous infusion, suramin has been shown to cause nephrotoxicity and peripheral neuropathy. Regarding pharmacokinetics, suramin is approximately 99-98 protein bound in the serum and has a half-life of 41-78 days, with an average of 50 days. Also, it is not extensively metabolized and is eliminated by the kidneys. Despite strong early results from early animal and human studies, we believe more research is needed to provide safe and effective delivery of APTs, such as suramin, for treating neurologic conditions. We believe it may be necessary to deliver appropriate levels of the drug in brain tissue while also minimizing blood and other tissue levels. While it is difficult to deliver drugs across the blood-brain barrier (the BBB ), which is a natural protective mechanism of most mammals, including humans, such delivery is even more challenging for higher molecular weight compounds, such as suramin. A possible route to maximize delivery across the BBB is to use intranasal delivery to provide higher levels of a drug to the upper nasal mucosa to allow for nose-to-brain transport along the olfactory and trigeminal nerves. We believe our proprietary intranasal formulations and methods of delivering suramin to mammals have been shown, in in-vivo preclinical studies, to deliver suramin to the brain in ways that may reduce systemic exposure, and our development plan calls for clinical trials to test this potential for reduced systemic exposure in humans. The PAX-101 and PAX-102 development programs in neurologic disorders may be filed with the FDA as a supplement to the initial 505(b)(2) NDA, assuming PAX-101 is approved for the treatment of East African HAT. As discussed in more detail below, a 505(b)(2) NDA is a special type of NDA that enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s findings of safety and efficacy of an existing or previously approved product, or published literature, in support of its application. 505(b)(2) NDAs often provide an alternate path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Using a 505(b)(2) NDA, we expect to reduce the cost, time and risk that would otherwise be associated with bringing these programs to market. See The 505(b)(2) NDA Regulatory Pathway below for more information. Early Program in Selective APTs In addition to the PAX-101 and PAX-102 development programs, we have begun an early discovery program targeting the development of highly selective APTs. We have identified multiple compounds that are selective for certain purinergic receptor subtypes and have engaged in preclinical work with these compounds in an animal model of ASD. We expect to complete additional preclinical work and open an IND with respect to one or more of these compounds in 2023 or 2024. In the future, we intend to pursue opportunities to develop products, either alone or in partnership with other pharmaceutical companies, related to these APTs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Our Markets Market for ASD According to the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention (the CDC ), ASD affects between 1 and 2 of the world s population, including more than 3.5 million people in the United States. Prevalence of autism in eight-year-old U.S. children increased by approximately 243 from 2000 (1 in 150) to 2018 (1 in 44). Autism is the fastest-growing developmental disability, and the annual cost of autism services to U.S. citizens was an estimated 236 to 262 billion in 2016. No pharmacological therapies exist for the treatment of the core symptoms of ASD, such as lethargy/social withdrawal, stereotypy, or repetitive or ritualistic behaviors, and inappropriate speech. Pharmacological therapies that have been approved to date, such as aripiprazole and risperidone, only treat the non-core symptom of irritability associated with ASD. There are also a number of new therapies for ASD in development by small and large companies with variable levels of clinical data, although none has proven efficacy and safety in large, randomized and controlled trials. The global ASD therapeutics market size was valued at 3.3 billion in 2018, and is expected to reach 4.6 billion by 2026, according to a research report by Fortune Business Insights. We believe a drug that can demonstrate strong safety and efficacy in the treatment of the core symptoms of ASD would generate strong market demand because there are no comprehensive treatment options available to address these important aspects of this condition. Market for ME/CFS and LCS It has been estimated by the UK Office of Health Statistics that 13.7 of those who have been confirmed as having been infected with COVID-19 suffer from continuing neurologic symptoms that persist for more than 12 weeks after the viral infection has passed. Some of these LCS symptoms, including fatigue, brain fog, pain, sleep disturbances, headaches, anxiety and depression, can become debilitating and recent headlines in the United States and Europe indicate that the population suffering from LCS presents a potential public health crisis that will extend beyond the current COVID-19 pandemic. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, little attention had been paid to a potentially related post-acute infection disorder known as ME/CFS which, in light of the recent observation and identification of LCS, has received renewed interest in the medical and patient advocacy community. Like LCS, ME/CFS sufferers have nearly identical physical symptoms which in extreme cases have been documented to last for years, resulting in affected individuals becoming house-, if not bed-bound. Suicidality is also a common concern of clinicians who care for these patients. The cause of ME/CFS is unknown but research points to the possibility that many cases of ME/CFS resulted from a prior viral infection, which may or may not have had overt physical symptoms at the time, and an immune response to this infection that continues to induce an inflammatory response, despite the lack of any virus or similar infectious invader. Although some ME/CFS sufferers can and do tolerate some ME/CFS symptoms, many seek help through various unproven diets, supplements and prescription drugs. In some cases, complex spinal fusion therapy has been shown to be beneficial for ME/CFS patients whose symptoms may be related to recovery from physical trauma. There is significant opportunity within the global ME/CFS market. ME/CFS can cause significant impairment and disabilities that have negative economic consequences at both the individual and the societal level. At least one-quarter of ME/CFS patients are house- or bed-bound at some point in their lives. The direct and indirect economic costs of ME/CFS to society have been estimated at 17 to 24 billion annually, 9.1 billion of which has been attributed to lost household and labor force productivity. The size of the market for LCS is not known. In January 2021, the World Health Organization (the WHO revised its guidelines for COVID-19 treatment to include a recommendation that all patients should have access to follow-up care in case of LCS. As noted above, the UK Office of National Statistics performed a study in over 20,000 patients who tested positive for COVID-19 since April 2020 and found that 13.7 still reported having COVID-19 symptoms after at least 12 weeks. On February 23, 2021, the US National Institutes of Health announced that it would spend 1.15 billion over four years on research on LCS. Market for East African HAT The market for using PAX-101 to treat East African HAT is expected to be largely restricted to Sub-Saharan Africa, where suramin is already in use for Stage 1 East African HAT. Further, we may donate product for use in this indication to the WHO, either as a replacement for current limited supplies or as a supplementary source of suramin, if the WHO requests us to do so. If we obtain a U.S. approval for PAX-101 to be used in the treatment of East African HAT, we could potentially qualify to earn a tropical disease PRV from 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 the FDA, which we would intend to monetize to raise funds to support the later-stage development and commercialization of PAX-101 and PAX-102 in the treatment of ASD, ME/CFS and LCS. The estimated total cost to gain FDA approval, if any, for the HAT indication and qualify for the PRV is estimated to be between 8.0 to 10.0 million, with some portion of these expenses shared across our pipeline indications and formulations programs that would extend beyond the initial HAT approval, if any. There can be no assurance that we will receive a PRV, and even if we do obtain a PRV, there can be no assurance that we will receive sufficient funds from its sale to fund the clinical and commercial development of our drug candidates. If we are unable to obtain a PRV, or if the amount we obtain from its sale is insufficient to fund our operations, we may be required to fund the later-stage development and commercialization of PAX-101 and PAX-102 in the treatment of ASD, ME/CFS and LCS through sales of our equity or debt securities, strategic collaborations with third parties or other similar transactions. Manufacturing Activities The synthesis of PAX-101 is a complex multi-step process and involves a global supply chain. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of PAX-101, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing facility for clinical or commercial manufacture of PAX-101 in the foreseeable future. We depend on third-party Contract Manufacturers CMOs and Contract Laboratories CLOs to manufacture and test all our critical intermediates, as well as our active pharmaceutical ingredients. We will utilize clinical service organizations to package, label and distribute clinical trial quantities of PAX-101. In 2019 and 2020, we entered into multiple agreements with CMOs for the development and cGMP- compliant production of suramin for use in our clinical trials and to support the future commercial supply chain of PAX-101. Pursuant to these agreements, we have paid upfront fees to our CMOs and will be required to make additional payments upon various milestones throughout the project. There is no readily available source of suramin for use in clinical trials in the United States. There is currently one manufacturer of suramin, Bayer, which does not manufacture suramin on a regular basis and, when it does, generally only manufactures small quantities in response to outbreaks of HAT. We have engaged two independent contract development manufacturing organizations to develop, validate and scale our supply chain for suramin and the shelf stable drug product that is ultimately distributed to pharmacies. We have completed the necessary steps to begin producing suramin in early 2022 and began the final development phase in April 2022, including the production and final release testing process, that will produce suramin for both clinical and registrational purposes. We have produced suramin API and delivered initial batches for animal testing and we anticipate delivering suramin API for final drug product development in the second quarter of 2023. Development, validation and scaling of the final drug product manufacturing and release process is expected to be initiated in the third quarter of 2023 and drug product is expected to be placed in stability testing immediately following Quality Control release. We estimate expenses required to complete these activities to be between 2.5 million and 2.8 million. We continue to explore alternative manufacturing sources and partnerships in an effort to ensure that we will have an uninterrupted supply chain and maintain sufficient manufacturing capacity in order to meet potential demand for any of our product candidates. We plan to work with our CMOs to establish and safeguard our supply chain for any products we successfully develop. We cannot guarantee, however, that our efforts to develop and maintain such an uninterrupted supply chain will be successful and, until we have a reliable supply, our clinical trial progress will continue to be delayed, including delaying our NDA filing for the HAT indication until we have sufficient supply. Unless and until we can complete the NDA for the HAT indication, we will not be eligible for a priority review voucher. To comply with FDA requirements for approval of our pharmaceutical products, we will audit all of our CMOs and CLOs to ensure they are compliant with cGMP, including with respect to their document control procedures, manufacturing facilities, environment, and equipment, quality control procedures, quality assurance procedures, and personnel management policies (together, Quality Systems ). These Quality Systems must be qualified and approved by the FDA prior to approval and release of product on an ongoing basis. Sales and Marketing We currently have no marketing, sales or distribution capabilities. In order to market and sell products that are approved for commercial sale, we must either develop our own sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure or collaborate with third parties that have such commercial infrastructure and relevant marketing and sales experience. We will consider the merits of developing our own sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure for the U.S. market. If we elect to develop our own sales and marketing organization, we do not intend to begin to hire sales and marketing personnel unless and until any of our product candidates are in Phase 3 clinical trials or closer to NDA submission, and we do not intend to establish our own sales organization in the United States unless and until shortly prior to FDA approval of PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates for neurologic indications. We do not intend to establish a sales organization for selling PAX-101 as a treatment for East African HAT in any market. Therefore, at the time of our 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 anticipated commercial launch of PAX-101, assuming regulatory approval of the drug by the FDA for neurologic indications, any sales and marketing team, if we decide to have one, will have worked together for only a limited period of time. Competition The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. We face competition from many different sources, including commercial pharmaceutical and biotechnology enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. Many of these competitors have far greater human and financial resources and may have product candidates in more advanced stages of development. Furthermore, these competitors products will likely reach the market before our product candidates. Competitors may also develop products that are more effective or safe, less expensive or that have better tolerability or provide for more convenient administration. Although we believe that our intellectual property, experience and knowledge in our areas of focus provide us with competitive advantages, these potential competitors could reduce our commercial opportunities. Competition for PAX-101 in ASD There is currently no known cure for ASD, and no FDA approved medication to treat the core symptoms of ASD. We are aware, however, of several companies that are working to develop drugs that might compete against our product candidates. Our current and potential competitors in ASD include CureMark LLC, which is in Phase 3 studies for CM-AT for ASD, Yamo Pharmaceuticals, which is in Phase 2 studies for LI-79 for ASD, GW Pharmaceuticals, which is in Phase 2 studies for Cannabidivarin for ASD, Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, which is in Phase 2 studies for CBD gel for ASD, QBioMed, which is developing a preclinical asset called QBM-001 for rare pediatric nonverbal ASD, Kuzani Therapeutics, Inc., which has announced that it is in clinical development for the treatment of the core symptoms of ASD in children, and Axial Therapeutics, which is in Phase 2 studies for AB-2004 for irritability in ASD. There are two treatments that have been approved by FDA to treat the non-core symptom of irritability in ASD: Risperdal (risperidone) and Abilify (aripiprazole). Both risperidone and aripiprazole are generic medications. For more information relating to competition risks, please see the risk factor with the heading We face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. Competition for PAX-101 in East African HAT We are not aware of any active development plans by any other companies to slow the progression of, or cure, East African HAT. Competition for PAX-101 in ME/CFS and LCS For treatment of ME/CFS, AIM ImmunoTech has an approval for rintatolimod in Argentina, and is in development for the drug in the US. For LCS, Tonix Pharmaceuticals is in Phase 2 studies for TNX-102 SL. Research and Development We spent approximately 1.7 million and 2.2 million during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on research and development activities, which activities have been undertaken by our CROs and other third-party vendors. These expenses include cash and non-cash expenses related to the development of our clinical and pre-clinical programs. From time to time, as needed, we will employ consultants to support our various business and research and development activities. Intellectual Property Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for product candidates and any of our future product candidates, novel discoveries, product development technologies and know-how; to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others; and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing on or in-licensing U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, regulatory and marketing exclusivity such as orphan drug exclusivity, and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. As of December 31, 2022, we own rights to at least four families of patent applications (discussed further in the following three paragraphs). Our patent applications related to our product development candidates currently in development are projected to expire no 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 earlier than 2039, not including any patent term adjustments, patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates, or other term extensions that might be available in a particular jurisdiction. We also plan to file further patent applications covering our technology and products. Additionally, we own the exclusive rights to patient data in certain East African hospitals that is necessary for our HAT NDA filing. On May 2, 2020 we filed PCT international patent Application No. PCT/US2020/031217 entitled Compositions and Methods for Treating Central Nervous System Disorders. This application claims priority to US Provisional Patent Application Serial No. 62/858,621, filed on June 7, 2019. The PCT application published as WO 2020/247127 on December 10, 2020. The PCT patent application relates to compositions and methods for treating cognitive, social, or behavioral disabilities, and neurodevelopmental disorders. These disabilities and disorders include, ASD and other central nervous system disorders such as fragile X syndrome (FXS), fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome (FXTAS), chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS), and post-traumatic stress syndrome (PTSD). The patent application also includes further embodiments of ASD selected from autistic disorder, childhood disintegrative disorder, PDD-NOS, and Asperger syndrome. This patent application also relates to compositions for delivering a therapeutically effective amount of an APT, for example suramin, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts, esters, solvates, and prodrugs of these agents. In some embodiments, the APT is delivered by intranasal administration. All designated states (all PCT treaty member countries) were selected upon filing of the PCT patent application. National stage applications have been filed in the United States, Canada, Israel, and Japan. We also intend to file national stage applications in Australia and China, and a regional stage application with the European Patent Office prior to the final deadlines for doing so. On October 20, 2021 we filed two PCT international patent applications. The first of these two PCT patent applications is PCT international patent Application No. PCT/US2021/55908 which is entitled Intranasal Administration of Suramin for Treating Nervous System Disorders. This application claims priority to US Provisional Patent Application Serial No. 63/104,350, filed on October 22, 2020. This PCT patent application relates to methods and compositions for the intranasal administration of suramin for treating cognitive, social, or behavioral disabilities, and neurodevelopmental disorders. The second of these two PCT patent applications is PCT international patent Application No. PCT/US2021/55911 which is entitled Administration of Antipurinergic Compositions for Treating Nervous System Disorders. This application claims priority to US Provisional Patent Application Serial No. 63/104,357, filed on October 22, 2020. This PCT patent application relates to methods and compositions for the administration of antipurinergic compositions for treating cognitive, social, or behavioral disabilities, and neurodevelopmental disorders. These two PCT patent applications have not yet published, because PCT patent applications generally publish 18 months from the earliest priority date, which in this instance would be after April 22, 2022. All designated states (all PCT treaty member countries) were selected upon filing of these two PCT patent applications. Various national phase patent applications have not yet been filed, because the 30- month national stage filing deadline for doing so is not until April 22, 2023. As part of our intellectual property strategy, we intend to file U.S. nonprovisional and foreign national and regional stage applications of these two PCT applications in due course. On August 23, 2021, we filed a US provisional patent application relating to methods for treating nervous systems disorders with antipurinergic agents. The application relates to further aspects of our work for the administration of the antipurinergic agents based on pharmaco-kinetic/pharmaco-dynamic parameters and other learnings from our pre-clinical and clinical work. US provisional patent applications do not publish, but expire one year from the filing date, by which any US nonprovisional, PCT international, and/or foreign patent applications claiming priority to the provisional patent application would have to be filed. As part of our intellectual property strategy, we intend to file a PCT international application and U.S. nonprovisional, and foreign national and regional stage applications in due course. While we seek broad coverage under our existing patent applications, there is always a risk that an alteration to our products or processes may provide sufficient basis for a competitor to avoid infringing our patent claims. In addition, patents, if granted, expire and we cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending or any future applications or that any potentially issued patents will adequately protect our products or product candidates. Individual patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, patents issued for regularly filed applications in the United States are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest effective non-provisional filing date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can be extended to recapture a period due to delay by the USPTO in issuing the patent as well as a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. However, as to the FDA component, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective non-provisional filing date. However, the actual 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by- product basis, from country to country, and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies for our products or processes, or to obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future products may have an adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the USPTO to determine priority of invention. For more information, please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. We are aware of PCT international patent application PCT/US2018/017674, titled Methods for Autism Spectrum Disorder Pharmacotherapy , which lists Perfect Daylight Limited and The Regents of the University of California as Applicants, filed on February 9, 2018, published as WO 2018/148580 on August 16, 2018, and claiming priority to U.S. provisional patent application no. 62/457,120, filed on February 9, 2017. The patent application describes compositions of antipurinergic agents, such as suramin, and methods of use for treating cognitive developmental disorders and autism spectrum disorder. From publicly available databases, we are aware that a U.S. national phase application of this PCT patent application, U.S. application Serial No. 16/537,397, was filed in the United States and is currently pending. The European equivalent of the application was granted as EP3579836 on December 15, 2021, which commenced a 9-month period for public opposition. A Chinese application, CN201880024535.9, is also pending. We are also aware of PCT international patent application PCT/US2018/017200, titled Antipurinergic Compounds and Uses thereof, which lists CSP Pharma, Inc. as Applicant, filed on February 7, 2018, published as WO 2018/148262 on August 16, 2018, and claiming priority to U.S. provisional patent application no. 62/456,438, filed on February 8, 2017. The patent application describes compositions and methods for treating neurodevelopmental disorders. The compositions contain an APT, such as suramin, and a carrier formulated for non-intravenous administration. The neurodevelopmental disorders include ASD. From publicly available databases, we are aware that a national phase application of this PCT patent application, U.S. application Serial No. 16/484,284 was filed in the United States. However, the US Patent Office issued a Notice of Abandonment on August 12, 2021 for applicant s failure to respond to the office action of January 14, 2021. No further child applications are listed as pending. We are also aware of PCT international patent application PCT/US2017/041932, titled Diagnostic and Methods of Treatment for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Autism Spectrum Disorders, which lists The Regents of the University of California as Applicant, filed on July 13, 2017, published as WO 2018/013811 on January 18, 2018, and claiming priority to U.S. provisional patent application nos. 62/ 464,369, filed on February 27, 2017 and 62/362,564, filed on July 14, 2016. The patent application describes biomarkers for diagnosing and predicting the development of chronic fatigue syndrome and methods of treating a mitochondrial disease or disorder, such as ASD, by administering an effective amount of an APT, such as suramin. Publicly available databases show no pending national or regional phase patent applications. Because national phase applications of PCT/US2018/017674 are still pending at least in the United States and China, it is not certain if any patents will ultimately issue from these applications nor is it possible to predict the resultant claim scope of any such issued patent. We will continue to monitor the prosecution of these patent applications from publicly available documents. License Agreements On October 10, 2018 and November 9, 2018, we obtained the rights to worldwide, exclusive licenses to the patient data from the Ministry of Health, Republic of Malawi (the Malawi License Agreement and Lwala Hospital (Soroti, Uganda) (the Lwala License Agreement ), respectively, in connection with the treatment of East African HAT patients. Under each of the Malawi License Agreement and the Lwala License Agreement (collectively, the License Agreements ), we obtained an exclusive worldwide license to the medical data and information (in the form of patient medical files) related to patients who have been diagnosed with and/or treated for East African HAT. We intend to use these data to support our PAX-101 regulatory filings in the United States and Europe for the treatment of Stage 1 East African HAT. Pursuant to each of the License Agreements, we pay a fee to each licensor for its services in facilitating our access to, and analysis of, these data and we are obligated to make additional payments in the future based on the level of each licensor s participation. As of September 30, 2022, we have paid an aggregate of 7,375 under the License Agreements. Each of the License Agreements has an indefinite term, but may be terminated by each party thereto upon material breach of the other party, if such breach is not remedied by the breaching party within 30 days after 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 being given notice of such breach by the non-breaching party. We anticipate that we will pay a total of approximately 50,000 during the life of the Malawi License Agreement, and a total of approximately 50,000 during the life of the Lwala License Agreement. Governmental Regulation Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of products such as those we are developing. The pharmaceutical drug product candidates that we develop or acquire must be approved by the FDA before they may be marketed and distributed in the United States. In the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and implementing regulations. Pharmaceutical products are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA and related enforcement activity could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a pharmaceutical product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: Completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices or other applicable regulations; Submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin; Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies according to the FDA s GCP, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed pharmaceutical product for its intended use; Submission to the FDA of an NDA for a new pharmaceutical product; Satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the pharmaceutical product is produced, to assess compliance with cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the pharmaceutical product s identity, strength, quality and purity; Potential FDA audit of the preclinical and clinical study sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and FDA review and approval of the NDA.s 
 The lengthy process of seeking required approvals and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources and approvals, and continued compliance is inherently uncertain. Before testing any compounds with potential therapeutic value in humans, the pharmaceutical product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the pharmaceutical product candidate. These early proof-of-principle studies are done using sound scientific procedures and thorough documentation. The conduct of the single and repeat dose toxicology and toxicokinetic studies in animals must comply with federal regulations and requirements including good laboratory practices. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA has concerns and notifies the sponsor. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical study can begin. If resolution cannot be reached within the 30-day review period, either the FDA places the IND on clinical hold or the sponsor withdraws the application. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a pharmaceutical product candidate at any time before or during clinical studies for various reasons. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical studies to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical study. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Clinical studies involve the administration of the pharmaceutical product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the clinical study sponsor s control. Clinical studies are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical study, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, how the results will be analyzed and presented and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical studies must be conducted in accordance with GCP. Further, each clinical study must be reviewed and approved by an independent IRB at, or servicing, each institution at which the clinical study will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of study participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical studies are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical study subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical study until completed. Human clinical studies are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: Phase 1: The pharmaceutical product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases such as cancer, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients, with a goal of characterizing the safety profile of the drug and establishing a maximum tolerable dose MTD ). Phase 2: With the maximum tolerable dose established in a Phase 1 trial, the pharmaceutical product is evaluated in a limited patient population at the MTD to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases, to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule and to identify patient populations with specific characteristics where the pharmaceutical product may be more effective. Phase 3: Clinical studies are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. These clinical studies are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. The studies must be well controlled and usually include a control arm for comparison. One or two Phase 3 studies are usually required by the FDA for an NDA approval, depending on the disease severity and other available treatment options. In some instances, an NDA approval may be obtained based on Phase 2 clinical data with the understanding that the approved drug can be sold subject to a confirmatory trial to be conducted post-approval. Post-approval studies, or Phase 4 clinical studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are often used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. The FDA also may require Phase 4 studies, Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies REMS and post-marketing surveillance, among other things, to monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical studies must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events or any finding from tests in laboratory animals that suggests a significant risk for human subjects. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical studies may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the pharmaceutical product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Concurrent with clinical studies, companies may complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the pharmaceutical product as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the pharmaceutical product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final pharmaceutical product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the pharmaceutical product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. The results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical studies, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the pharmaceutical product, proposed labeling and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA is subject to the payment of substantial user fees. A waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), the FDA has 10 months after the 60-day filing date in which to complete its initial review of a standard review NDA and respond to the applicant, and six months after the 60-day filing date for a priority review NDA. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs. The review process and the PDUFA goal date may be extended by three months if the FDA requests or if the applicant otherwise provides additional information or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission within the last three months before the PDUFA goal date. After the NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA application to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel pharmaceutical products or pharmaceutical products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the pharmaceutical product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a REMS is necessary to assure the safe use of the pharmaceutical product. If the FDA concludes that a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if required. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites as well as the site where the pharmaceutical product is manufactured to assure compliance with GCP and cGMP. If the FDA determines the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. In addition, the FDA will require the review and approval of product labeling. The NDA review and approval process is lengthy and difficult and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical data or other data and information. Even if such data and information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. The FDA will issue a complete response letter if the agency decides not to approve the NDA. The complete response letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical studies. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require Phase 4 testing which involves clinical studies designed to further assess pharmaceutical product safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. The 505(b)(2) NDA Regulatory Pathway Most drug products obtain FDA marketing approval pursuant to a full Section 505(b)(1) NDA or an ANDA. A third alternative is a Section 505(b)(2) NDA, which enables the applicant to rely, in part, on studies not conducted by, or for, the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use, such as the FDA s findings of safety and/or effectiveness for a similar previously approved product, or published literature, in support of its application. 505(b)(2) NDAs often provide a path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by, or for, the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. If the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish that reliance on the FDA s previous approval is scientifically appropriate, it may eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical or clinical studies of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 studies or measurements to support the change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all, or some, of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. To the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on studies conducted for an already approved product, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent that an ANDA applicant would. Thus approval of a 505(b)(2) NDA can be stalled until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired, until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired, and, in the case of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent patent infringement suit, until the earlier of 30 months, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA has various programs intended to expedite or facilitate the process for developing and reviewing new pharmaceutical products that meet certain criteria. For example, new pharmaceutical products are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Unique to a fast track product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA, if the FDA determines that the schedule is acceptable and if the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA. Any product submitted to the FDA for market, including a fast track program, may also be eligible for other FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. Any product is eligible for priority review if it is intended to treat a serious condition and it offers a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new pharmaceutical product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally, accelerated approval may be available for a product intended to treat a serious condition that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments, which means the product may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical studies establishing that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA may require the sponsor to perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies. In addition, the FDA currently requires pre-approval of promotional materials for products receiving accelerated approval, which could impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. fast track designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Post-Approval Requirements Any pharmaceutical products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, cGMP compliance, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, complying with certain electronic records and signature requirements and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions on promoting pharmaceutical products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the pharmaceutical product s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Failure to comply with FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, actions by the U.S. Department of Justice and/or U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, mandated corrective advertising or communications with 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 doctors, and civil or criminal penalties. Although physicians may prescribe legally available pharmaceutical products for off-label uses, manufacturers may not directly or indirectly market or promote such off-label uses. We expect to rely on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products. Manufacturers of our products are required to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance, as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Pharmaceutical product manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved pharmaceutical products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved NDA, including withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. The Priority Review Voucher Program The FD C Act section 524, authorizes FDA to award priority review vouchers (PRVs) to sponsors of approved tropical disease product applications that meet certain criteria. In July 2020, the FDA updated its guidance providing information on the implementation of section 524 of the FD C Act Tropical Disease Priority Review Vouchers Guidance for Industry. To qualify for a PRV, a sponsor s application must be for a drug or biological product for the prevention or treatment of a tropical disease, must otherwise qualify for priority review, and must contain no active ingredient (including any salt or ester of an active ingredient) that has been approved in any other application under section 505(b)(1) of the FD C Act or section 351 of the Public Health Services Act. While the FDA aims to complete a standard review in about 10 months, a PRV may result in the acceleration of review and approval of a product candidate by up to four months. However, despite the issuance of a PRV, the FDA is not obligated to, and may not, accelerate the timing of a review. The Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization Act of 2017 made changes to the eligibility criteria for receipt of a tropical disease priority review voucher. Applications submitted after September 30, 2017 must also contain reports of one or more new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) that are essential to the approval of the application and conducted or sponsored by the sponsor. In addition, the applicant must provide in the application an attestation that such report(s) were not submitted as part of an application for marketing approval or licensure by a regulatory authority in India, Brazil, Thailand, or any country that is a member of the Pharmaceutical Inspection Convention or the Pharmaceutical Inspection Cooperation Scheme prior to September 27, 2007. Once the sponsor obtains a PRV, the voucher can be used to obtain priority review designation for a subsequent application that does not itself qualify for priority review as described in the guidance. HAT is on FDA s current list of tropical diseases. We are not aware of any clinical trial activity in East African HAT, other than the activities we are conducting. Exclusivity Under various statutes, products approved by FDA may qualify for market exclusivity. For example, orphan drug exclusivity prevents, with some exceptions, FDA approval for seven years of another product with the same active moiety for the same rare disease. Hatch-Waxman exclusivity provides new chemical entities five years of protection against FDA approval of ANDAs relying on the application of the new chemical entity. Under another form of Hatch-Waxman exclusivity, products that are not new chemical entities may obtain three years of exclusivity against approval of ANDAs relying on the application of that product. While we anticipate that we will be eligible to be awarded FDA market exclusivity for each program that we bring to market, there can be no certainty that any of our products will be eligible for or obtain any form of FDA exclusivity. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any pharmaceutical product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and in markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part upon the availability of reimbursement from third-party payers. Third-party payers include government payers such as Medicare and Medicaid, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a payer will provide coverage for a pharmaceutical product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payer will pay for the pharmaceutical product. Third-party payers may limit coverage to specific pharmaceutical products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not, and frequently does not include all of the FDA- approved pharmaceutical products for a particular indication. Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. A payer s decision to provide coverage for a pharmaceutical product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. In addition, in the United States there is a growing emphasis on comparative effectiveness research, both by private payers and by government agencies. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our pharmaceutical product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. To the extent other drugs or therapies are found to be more effective than our products, payers may elect to cover such therapies in lieu of our products and/or reimburse our products at a lower rate. The marketability of any pharmaceutical product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payers fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and we expect this will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third- party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we may receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. International Regulation In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our future drugs. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a drug, we must obtain approval of a drug by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the drug in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. Under European Union regulatory systems, marketing authorizations may be submitted either under a centralized or mutual recognition procedure. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union member states. The mutual recognition procedure provides for mutual recognition of national approval decisions. Under this procedure, the holder of a national marketing authorization may submit an application to the remaining member states. Within 90 days of receiving the applications and assessment report, each member state must decide whether to recognize approval. In addition to regulations in Europe and the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial distribution of our future drugs. Employees and Human Capital As of December 31, 2022, we had three full-time employees and two part-time employees. Each of these employees is located in the United States. We are subject to local labor laws and regulations with respect to our employees in the jurisdictions in which they are employed. These laws principally concern matters such as paid annual vacation, paid sick days, length of the workday and work week, minimum wages, pay for overtime, and insurance for workers compensation. Our employees are not represented by a labor union, and it is our understanding that our relations with our employees are satisfactory. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Our values high performance, compliance, integrity and collaboration are built on the foundation that our people and the way we treat one another promote creativity, innovation and productivity, which spur the Company s success. Providing market competitive pay and benefit programs, opportunities to participate in the success they help create, we create a culture in which all colleagues have the opportunity to thrive. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk FactorS. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. These risks include, but are not limited to, those described below, each of which may be relevant to an investment decision. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. before deciding to invest in our common stock. The realization of any of these risks could have a significant adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and growth, and our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and the market value of our common stock. Summary of Risk Factors Our business and an investment in our company is subject to numerous risks, many of which are discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of these risks include: We are an early clinical stage pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have never generated revenue from operations, are unlikely to generate revenues for several years, and our recurring losses from operations have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. We may never become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, be able to sustain profitability. We need to raise additional capital to fund our operations, which may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Future sales of shares by existing stockholders or us could cause our stock price to decline. The sale of our common stock through our Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement may cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders, and such sales, or the anticipation of such sales, may cause the price of our common stock to decline. Moreover, the terms of the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement limit the amount of shares of common stock we may issue to Lincoln Park, which may require us to utilize more costly and time-consuming means of accessing the capital markets, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and cash position. Our independent auditor s report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 includes an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and if our remediation of such material weaknesses is not effective, or if we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. Our research and development are primarily focused on the drug suramin, leaving us subject to the risk of a lack of diversity in the active pharmaceutical ingredients we utilize in our business. We do not know whether we will be successful in our efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates or if we will be able to develop any products of commercial value. We currently do not have quantities of suramin sufficient to support all of our clinical trial needs and we will need to manufacture additional suramin in order to satisfy those needs. We cannot be certain that PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire will receive regulatory approval, and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market any of our product candidates. Any delay in the regulatory review or approval of any of our product candidates will materially or adversely harm our business. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, if we are unable to successfully commercialize our products, it will limit our ability to generate revenue and will materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 We have received deficiency letters from Nasdaq relating to non-compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. Our common stock could become subject to delisting from Nasdaq if we fail to regain compliance. While we believe we may be eligible to receive a tropical disease PRV for the use of PAX-101 for the treatment of HAT, there is a risk that we will not receive such PRV, which would require us to find alternative sources of funding for our later stage clinical programs. It is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights, and we cannot ensure the protection of these rights. PAX-101 and our other product candidates may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our development and commercialization efforts. Clinical and preclinical drug development is a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes that may lead to delayed timelines and increased cost, which may prevent us from being able to complete clinical trials. If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our drug candidates. We face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. Since certain of our directors and officers are employed by and/or consult for other companies, their other activities could compete for time on, or create conflicts of interest with, our activities. We face risks related to health pandemics, epidemics and outbreaks, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which could significantly disrupt our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and therefore our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Capital Our independent auditor s report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 includes an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Due to the uncertainty of our ability to meet our current operating and capital expenses, in its report on our audited annual financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. Recurring losses from operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we might have to liquidate our assets and the value we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. We are an early clinical stage pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We are an early clinical stage pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We must complete clinical studies and receive regulatory approval of an NDA before commercial sales of a product can commence. The likelihood of success of our business plan must be considered in light of the problems, substantial expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with developing and expanding early-stage businesses and the regulatory and competitive environment in which we operate. Pharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking, involves a substantial degree of risk and is a capital-intensive business. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of development, especially early-stage clinical pharmaceutical companies such as ours. Potential 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties that a company with a limited operating history will face. In particular, potential investors should consider that we cannot assure you that we will be able to, among other things: successfully implement or execute our current business plan, and we cannot assure you that our business plan is sound; successfully manufacture our clinical products and establish commercial drug supply; successfully complete the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of our drug candidates, including PAX-101; secure, maintain and, as necessary, defend our intellectual property rights; secure market exclusivity and/or adequate intellectual property protection for our drug candidates; attract and retain an experienced management and advisory team; secure acceptance of our drug candidates in the medical community and with third-party payors and consumers; launch commercial sales of our drug candidates, whether alone or in collaboration with others; raise sufficient funds in the capital markets or otherwise to effectuate our business plan; and utilize the funds that we do have and/or raise in this offering or in the future to efficiently execute our business strategy. 
 If we cannot successfully execute any one of the foregoing, our business may fail and your investment will be adversely affected. We have never generated revenue from operations, are unlikely to generate revenues for several years, and our recurring losses from operations have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. We may never become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, be able to sustain profitability. We have never generated revenue from operations, are unlikely to generate revenues for several years, and are currently operating at a loss and expect our operating costs will increase significantly as we incur further costs related to preclinical development and the clinical trials for our drug candidates. We expect to incur substantial expenses without corresponding revenues unless and until we are able to obtain regulatory approval and successfully commercialize any of our drug candidates. We may never be able to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of our drug candidates in any indication in the United States or internationally. Even if we are able to commercialize our drug candidates, there can be no assurance that we will generate significant revenues or ever achieve profitability. We have incurred recurring losses since inception and have an accumulated deficit of approximately 33.7 million as of December 31, 2022, which recurring losses have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. We anticipate operating losses to continue for the foreseeable future due to, among other things, costs related to research funding, development of our product candidates and preclinical and clinical programs, regulatory clearances, strategic alliances, the development of our administrative organization, as well as costs to comply with the requirements of being a public company operating in a highly regulated industry. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.9 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our forecast of the period of time through which our current financial resources will be adequate to support our operations and the costs to support our general and administrative, sales and marketing, research and development activities and costs to comply with the requirements of being a public company operating are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. We are uncertain when or if we will be able to achieve or sustain profitability. If we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Failure to become and remain profitable would impair our ability to sustain operations and adversely affect the price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 We need to raise additional capital to fund our operations, which may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise additional capital and should we be unable to raise sufficient additional capital, we may be required to undertake cost-cutting measures including delaying or discontinuing certain clinical activities. We need to raise significant additional capital to continue to fund the clinical trials for PAX-101, and our other product candidates. We will likely seek to sell common equity, including pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement (as defined below), preferred equity or convertible debt securities, enter into a credit facility or another form of third-party funding, or seek other debt financing. In addition, the sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and certain of those securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of preferred stock, convertible debt securities or other debt financing, these securities or other debt could contain covenants that would restrict our operations, fund raising capabilities or otherwise. Any other third-party funding arrangement could require us to relinquish valuable rights. The source, timing and availability of any future financing will depend principally upon market conditions, and, more specifically, on the progress of our clinical development programs. Funding may not be available when needed, at all, or on terms acceptable to us. Lack of necessary funds may require us, among other things, to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our planned clinical trials. These factors among others create a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Future sales of shares by existing stockholders or us could cause our stock price to decline. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investments or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Specially, if and when we sell shares of common stock to Lincoln Park pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, Lincoln Park may resell all, some or none of such shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws. Therefore, sales to Lincoln Park by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of common stock to Lincoln Park, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at prices that it might otherwise wish to effect such sales. In addition, the 2023 Note provides that commencing August 6, 2023, we will pay the outstanding principal amount of the 2023 Note in twelve consecutive monthly payments of 306,666.66 each. At our option, the monthly payment can be made in cash, shares of our common stock at a price based on 90 of the 5 lowest VWAPs during the 20 days prior to the payment date, or a combination of cash and stock. If we were to make repayments in common stock or a combination of cash and stock, we would be required to issue a substantial amount of common stock at a discount to the trading price of our common stock. Sales of our common stock may be made by holders of our public float or by holders of restricted securities in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act. There were 12,035,592 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Of these shares of our common stock, 1,545,454 shares sold in our initial public offering in 2022 and are freely tradable, without restriction, in the public market. We registered up to 13,102,199 shares of common stock pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement and, if and when we sell shares to Lincoln Park thereunder, they will be freely tradeable pursuant to such registration statement. We have also agreed with the holder of the 2023 Note to file a registration statement covering any shares we may issue upon conversion of such convertible note, which will also be freely tradeable upon registration and issuance. We have also registered 2,500,000 shares of our common stock underlying existing grants or grants that we may issue under our equity compensation plan. Also, in general under Rule 144, a non-affiliated person who has satisfied a six-month holding period in a company registered under the Exchange Act, as amended, may, sell their restricted common stock without volume limitation, so long as the issuer is current with all reports under the Exchange Act in order for there to be adequate common public information. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Affiliated persons may also sell their common shares held for at least six months, but affiliated persons will be required to meet certain other requirements, including manner of sale, notice requirements and volume limitations. Non-affiliated persons who hold their common shares for at least one year will be able to sell their common stock without the need for there to be current public information in the hands of the public. Future sales of shares of our public float or by restricted common stock made in compliance with Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the then prevailing market price, if any, of our common stock. The sale of our common stock through our Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement and the issuance of common stock pursuant to the 2023 Note may cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders, and such sales or issuances, or the anticipation of such sales or issuances, may cause the price of our common stock to decline. Moreover, the terms of the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement limit the amount of shares of common stock we may issue to Lincoln Park, which may require us to utilize more costly and time-consuming means of accessing the capital markets, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and cash position. On November 17, 2022, we entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), under which, from time to time, we may cause Lincoln Park to purchase shares of our common stock. Although we have the right to control whether we sell any shares, if at all, under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, and we generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any such sales, we are subject to certain restrictions, including those that limit the number of shares we may sell. In particular, with respect to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, we may not sell more than 2,354,717 shares to Lincoln Park, which we refer to as the Exchange Cap, including the 198,974 shares of our common stock that we issued to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement (the Commitment Shares ), unless we obtain stockholder approval to issue shares in excess of the Exchange Cap or the average price per share of shares issued to Lincoln Park equals or exceeds 1.55 (which represents the official closing price of our common stock on Nasdaq the day of signing of the Purchase Agreement) and we may not sell shares to Lincoln Park if it would result in Lincoln Park beneficially owning more than 9.99 of our then outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilize the Purchase Agreement to raise additional capital when, or in the amounts, we desire. If we cannot sell the full amount of the shares of common stock that Lincoln Park has committed to purchase because of these limitations, we may be required to utilize more costly and time-consuming means of accessing the capital markets, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and cash position. The 13,102,199 shares of common stock that may be resold into the public markets pursuant to the prospectus that is part of the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-268882) that the Company filed on December 19, 2022, which was declared effective by the SEC on December 27, 2022, represents approximately 108.9 of the shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. While we generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any future sales of our shares to Lincoln Park, additional sales of our common stock, if any, to Lincoln Park will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined by us. We may ultimately decide to sell to Lincoln Park all, some or none of the additional shares of our common stock that may be available for us to sell pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. If and when we do sell shares to Lincoln Park, after Lincoln Park has acquired the shares, Lincoln Park may resell all, some or none of those shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion. Therefore, sales to Lincoln Park by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. In addition, the 2023 Note provides that commencing August 6, 2023, we will pay the outstanding principal amount of the 2023 Note in twelve consecutive monthly payments of 306,666.66 each. At our option, the monthly payment can be made in cash, shares of our common stock at a price based on 90 of the 5 lowest VWAPs during the 20 days prior to the payment date, or a combination of cash and stock. If we were to make repayments in common stock or a combination of cash and stock, we would be required to issue a substantial amount of common stock at a discount to the trading price of our common stock. We have also agreed with the holder of the 2023 Note to file a registration statement covering any shares we may issue upon conversion of such convertible note, which will also be freely tradeable upon registration and issuance. Risks Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization Our research and development are primarily focused on the drug suramin, leaving us subject to the risk of a lack of diversity in the active pharmaceutical ingredients we utilize in our business. We do not know whether we will be successful in our efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates or if we will be able to develop any products of commercial value. Any product candidates that we develop or acquire may not be effective for the target indications and we may not be successful in using our intellectual property to build a pipeline of product candidates and progress these product candidates through clinical development for the treatment of any medical conditions . Moreover, our business plan currently is focused primarily on the use of the 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 drug suramin, leaving us subject to the risk of a lack of diversity in our product pipeline and the active pharmaceutical ingredients we utilize in our business. Even if we are successful in continuing to build our pipeline, we may not be able to develop or acquire other product candidates that are safe and effective. Our research programs may initially show promise in creating potential product candidates, yet fail to yield viable product candidates for further clinical development for a number of reasons, including as a result of being shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance. Our research programs to identify new product candidates will require substantial technical, financial and human resources. In addition, we may focus our efforts and resources on one or more potential product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful in clinical trials testing efficacy and safety. If we are unable to identify suitable additional compounds for preclinical and clinical development, our ability to develop product candidates and obtain product revenues in future periods could be compromised, which could result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact our stock price. We cannot be certain that PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire will receive regulatory approval, and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market any of our product candidates. Any delay in the regulatory review or approval of any of our product candidates will materially or adversely harm our business. We expect to invest most of our capital in the development of PAX-101 and PAX-102. Our ability to generate revenue related to product sales, which we do not expect will occur for at least the next several years, if ever, will depend on the successful development and regulatory approval of one or more of our product candidates. All of our product candidates require regulatory review and approval prior to commercialization. Any delays in the regulatory review or approval of our product candidates would delay market launch, increase our cash requirements and result in additional operating losses. This failure to obtain regulatory approvals would prevent our product candidate from being marketed and would have a material and adverse effect on our business. The process of obtaining FDA and other required regulatory approvals, including foreign approvals, often takes many years and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the products involved. Furthermore, this approval process is extremely complex, expensive and uncertain. We may be unable to submit any new drug application, or NDA, in the United States or any marketing approval application in foreign jurisdictions for any of our products. If we submit an NDA including any amended NDA or supplemental NDA, to the FDA seeking marketing approval for any of our product candidates, the FDA must decide whether to accept or reject the submission for filing. We cannot be certain that any of these submissions will be accepted for filing and reviewed by the FDA, or that the marketing approval application submissions to any other regulatory authorities will be accepted for filing and review by those authorities. We cannot be certain that we will be able to respond to any regulatory requests during the review period in a timely manner, or at all, without delaying potential regulatory action. We also cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will receive favorable recommendations from any FDA advisory committee or foreign regulatory bodies or be approved for marketing by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, delays in approvals or rejections of marketing applications may be based upon many factors, including regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data and studies, regulatory questions regarding data and results, changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development and the emergence of new information regarding such product candidates. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials may not result in the demonstration of safety or efficacy of the products we are developing. Further, the data from these studies are subject to different interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory review or approval of any of our product candidates. Furthermore, regulatory attitudes towards the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and can be affected by many factors, such as the emergence of new information, including on other products, policy changes and agency funding, staffing and leadership. We do not know whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable to our business prospects. In addition, the environment in which our regulatory submissions may be reviewed changes over time. For example, average review times at the FDA for NDAs have fluctuated over the last ten years, and we cannot predict the review time for any of our submissions with any regulatory authorities. Review times can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Moreover, in light of widely publicized events concerning the safety risk of certain drug products, regulatory authorities, members of the U.S. Government Accountability Office, medical professionals and the general public have raised concerns about potential drug safety issues. These events have resulted in the withdrawal of drug products, revisions to drug labeling such as boxed warnings and precautions that further limit use of the drug products, and establishment of Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS measures that may, for instance, restrict distribution of drug products. Drug safety issues may result in a more cautious approach by the FDA to clinical trials. Data from clinical trials may receive greater scrutiny with respect to safety, which may make the FDA or other regulatory authorities more likely to terminate clinical trials before completion, or require longer or additional 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 clinical trials that may result in substantial additional expense and a delay or failure in obtaining approval or may result in approval for a more limited indication than originally sought. Clinical and preclinical drug development is a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes that may lead to delayed timelines and increased cost, which may prevent us from being able to complete clinical trials. Clinical testing is expensive, can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. The results of preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier studies, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. In addition, there may be third party individuals or groups that publish data from experiments using suramin that may reflect, either positively or negatively, on our clinical development program despite that we have no affiliation with or control over such individuals or groups. For example, we are aware of other suramin-related research that has been conducted in the autism indication at the University of California, San Diego as well as in other unrelated indications within and outside of the United States. Our clinical development programs could be negatively impacted by adverse events reported in such third party studies. With respect to ME/CFS and LCS, no company, to our knowledge, has yet been successful in its efforts to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or Europe of treatment for these conditions. The mechanism of disease for these conditions has not been scientifically confirmed, and as a result, the mechanism of action for PAX-101 in potentially treating these diseases is unknown. In addition, LCS is potentially a self-resolving disease in some people, as well as a disease that increases and decreases in severity. As such, there may not be sufficient biomarkers or validated behavioral scoring metrics that could be used to support potential approval for PAX-101 in these diseases, and clinical trials will be difficult to design, conduct and assess. This will make our development and potential approval of PAX-101 for these indications very difficult, and we may not be successful. We cannot be certain that clinical trials for PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates will be completed, or completed on schedule, or that any other future clinical trials for PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates, will begin on time, not need to be redesigned, enroll an adequate number of patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all, or that any interim analyses with respect to such trials will be completed on schedule or support continued clinical development of the associated product candidate. We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us upon recommendation of the data monitoring committee for such trial, by the institutional review board IRB of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, site misconduct or deviations from Good Clinical Practice, major findings from an inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate revenue from the sale of any of these product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval processes, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. If the FDA does not conclude that our product candidates satisfy the requirements for the 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or if the requirements for approval of any of our product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway for our product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and encounter significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in any case may not be successful. We intend to seek FDA approval through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for each of our product candidates. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, added Section 505(b)(2) to the Federal 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies that were not conducted by or for the applicant. If the FDA does not allow us to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for our product candidates as anticipated, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. If this were to occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for our product candidates would likely substantially increase. Moreover, the inability to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway could result in new competitive products reaching the market faster than our product candidates, which could materially adversely impact our competitive position and prospects. Even if we are permitted to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for a product candidate, we cannot assure you that we will receive the requisite or timely approvals for commercialization of such product candidate. In addition, notwithstanding the approval of a number of products by the FDA under Section 505(b)(2) over the last few years, certain competitors and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). We expect that our competitors could file citizens petitions with the FDA in an attempt to persuade the FDA that our product candidates, or the clinical studies that support their approval, contain deficiencies. If the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) is successfully challenged, the FDA may be required to change its Section 505(b)(2) policies and practices, which could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any NDA that we submit under Section 505(b)(2). Delays in the commencement, enrollment and completion of our clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and may delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for PAX-101 and our other product candidates. Delays in the commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials could increase our product development costs or delay the regulatory approval of our product candidates. The commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including: the inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; the inability to maintain necessary supplies of study drug and comparator to maintain predicted enrollment rates at clinical trial sites; regulatory authority objections to commencing a clinical trial; the inability to obtain ethics committee or IRB approval to conduct a clinical trial; difficulty recruiting and enrolling subjects to participate in clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including meeting the enrollment criteria for our study and competition from other clinical trial programs for the same indication as our product candidates; difficulty obtaining informed consent in some patient populations who may be under 18 years of age and may not have the capacity to consent; the inability to retain subjects in clinical trials due to the treatment protocol, personal issues, side effects from the therapy or lack of efficacy; and difficulty in importing and exporting clinical trial materials and study samples. 
 We currently do not have quantities of suramin sufficient to support all of our clinical trial needs and we will need to manufacture additional suramin in order to satisfy those needs. There is no readily available source of suramin for use in clinical trials in the United States. There is currently one manufacturer of suramin, Bayer, which does not manufacture suramin on a regular basis and, when it does, generally only manufactures small quantities in response to outbreaks of HAT. We have engaged two independent contract development manufacturing organizations to develop, validate and scale our supply chain for suramin and the shelf stable drug product that is ultimately distributed to pharmacies. We have completed the necessary steps to begin producing suramin in early 2022 and began the final development phase in April 2022, including the production and final release testing process, that will produce suramin for both clinical and registrational purposes. However, this 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 final development phase is expected to take a significant amount of time, and we cannot conduct our clinical trials until we have sufficient suramin supply. We currently do not expect to have quantities of suramin sufficient to support submission of an NDA for PAX-101 s East African HAT indication until the fourth quarter of 2023. If our suppliers of active ingredients to manufacture suramin are unable or unwilling to perform for any reason, we may not be able to locate alternative acceptable manufacturers or formulators or enter into favorable agreements with them. Any inability to acquire sufficient quantities of suramin or other active pharmaceutical ingredients we may utilize in a timely manner from third parties could delay clinical trials and prevent us from developing our products in a cost-effective manner or on a timely basis. In addition, manufacturers of our product candidates are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP and similar foreign standards and we would not have control over compliance with these regulations by our manufacturers. If one of our contract manufacturers fails to maintain compliance, the production of our products could be interrupted, resulting in delays and additional costs. In addition, if the facilities of such manufacturers do not pass a pre-approval or post-approval plant inspection, the FDA will not grant approval and may institute restrictions on the marketing or sale of our products. We are reliant on third-party manufacturers and suppliers to meet the demands of our clinical supplies, particularly for suramin . Delays in receipt of materials, scheduling, release, custom s control, and regulatory compliance issues may adversely impact our ability to initiate, maintain, or complete clinical trials that we are sponsoring . Commercial manufacturing and supply agreements have not been established. Issues arising from scale-up, environmental controls, equipment requirements, or other factors, may have an adverse impact on our ability to manufacture our product candidates. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, if we are unable to successfully commercialize our products, it will limit our ability to generate revenue and will materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our long-term viability and growth depend on the successful commercialization of products which lead to revenue and profits. Pharmaceutical product development is an expensive, high risk, lengthy, complicated, resource intensive process. In order to succeed, among other things, we must be able to: identify potential drug product candidates; design and conduct appropriate laboratory, preclinical and other research; submit for and receive regulatory approval to perform clinical studies; design and conduct appropriate preclinical and clinical studies according to good laboratory and good clinical practices; select and recruit clinical investigators; select and recruit subjects for our studies; collect, analyze and correctly interpret the data from our studies; submit for and receive regulatory approvals for marketing; secure market and formulary access from payors; and manufacture the drug product candidates according to cGMP. 
 The development program with respect to any given product may take many years and thus delay our ability to generate profits. In addition, potential products that appear promising at early stages of development may fail for a number of reasons, including the possibility that the products may require significant additional testing or turn out to be unsafe, ineffective, too difficult or expensive to develop or manufacture, too difficult to administer, or unstable. Failure to successfully commercialize our products will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 The market for PAX-101 s lead indication, HAT, is extremely small, as the majority of usage would be in Sub-Saharan Africa. Further, we would likely donate any product for use in this indication to the WHO for use by patients in Africa. If our preclinical and clinical studies do not produce positive results, if our clinical trials are delayed or if serious side effects are identified during such studies or trials, we may experience delays, incur additional costs and ultimately be unable to commercialize our product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct, generally at our own expense, extensive preclinical tests to demonstrate the safety of our product candidates in animals, and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Preclinical and clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement and can take many years to complete. A failure of one or more of our preclinical studies or clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, preclinical testing and the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent our ability to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates, including: our preclinical tests or clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical testing or clinical trials or we may abandon projects that we expect to be promising; regulators or ethics committees/IRBs may not authorize us to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; conditions imposed on us by the FDA or any non-U.S. regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to ethics committees/IRBs for re-inspection due to changes in the regulatory environment; the number of patients required for our clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate and recruitment of the target population may be more difficult than we anticipate, or participants may drop out of our clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors or clinical investigators may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or fail to meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner; we might have to suspend or terminate one or more of our clinical trials if we, the regulators or the ethics committees/IRBs determine that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; regulators or ethics committees/IRBs may require that we hold, suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; the cost of our clinical trials may be greater than we anticipate; the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials may be insufficient or inadequate or we may not be able to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective clinical research organizations; and the effects of our product candidates may not be the desired effects or may include undesirable side effects or the product candidates may have other unexpected characteristics. For example, suramin can cause significant side effects, including nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, and a feeling of general discomfort. Other side effects include skin sensations such as crawling or tingling sensations, tenderness of the palms and soles, numbness of the extremities, watery eyes, and photophobia. In addition, nephrotoxicity is common, as is peripheral neuropathy when the drug is administered at high doses. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete our clinical trials or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns, we may: be delayed in obtaining, or may not be able to obtain, marketing approval for one or more of our product candidates; obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended or entirely different than those indications for which we sought approval; the product labeling may be very restrictive and lead to limitations in commercial value; or have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 
 Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or approvals. We do not know whether any preclinical tests or clinical trials will be initiated as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, if at all. Significant preclinical or clinical trial delays also could shorten the patent protection period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates. Such delays could allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to commercialize our products and product candidates. If we cannot enroll enough patients to complete our clinical trials, such failure may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The completion rate of clinical studies of our products is dependent on, among other factors, the patient enrollment rate. Patient enrollment is a function of many factors, including: securing sufficient numbers of investigators and clinical trial sites; investigator identification and recruitment of appropriate patients; ethics committees/IRBs and regulatory approvals to initiate study sites; patient population size; the nature of the protocol to be used in the trial; patient availability and proximity to clinical sites; the eligibility criteria for the study; competition from other companies clinical studies for the same patient population; and the ability to obtain comparator drug/device. 
 We believe our procedures for enrolling patients have been appropriate; however, delays in patient enrollment would increase costs and delay ultimate commercialization and sales, if any, of our products . Such delays could have a material adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face risks related to health pandemics, epidemics and outbreaks, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which could significantly disrupt our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and therefore our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. We face risks related to health pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of communicable diseases. For example, the outbreak around the world, including in the U.S., the European Union (the E.U. members, China and many other countries, of the highly transmissible and pathogenic COVID-19. The outbreak of such communicable diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect general commercial activity and the economies and financial markets of many countries, which in the case of COVID-19 has 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 occurred. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic is having a severe effect on the clinical trials of many drug candidates . Some trials have been merely delayed, while others have been cancelled. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our preclinical and clinical trial operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration and geographic reach of the outbreak, the severity of COVID-19, and the effectiveness of actions to contain and treat COVID-19. Although to date our clinical trials have been minimally impacted by the pandemic, the continued spread of COVID-19 globally could adversely impact our clinical trial operations, including our ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 if an outbreak occurs in their geography. Disruptions or restrictions on our ability to travel to monitor data from our clinical trials, or to conduct clinical trials, or the ability of patients enrolled in our studies to travel, or the ability of staff at study sites to travel, as well as temporary closures of our facilities or the facilities of our clinical trial partners and their contract manufacturers, would negatively impact our clinical trial activities. In addition, we rely on independent clinical investigators, contract research organizations and other third-party service providers to assist us in managing, monitoring and otherwise carrying out our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including the collection of data from our clinical trials, and the outbreak may affect their ability to devote sufficient time and resources to our programs or to travel to sites to perform work for us. Similarly, our preclinical trials could be delayed and/or disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the expected timeline for data readouts of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and certain regulatory filings may be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, increase our operating expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are not successful in discovering, developing and commercializing additional product candidates, our ability to expand our business and achieve our strategic objectives would be impaired. Research programs to identify product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any product candidates are ultimately identified. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for many reasons, including the following: the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidates; we may be unable to identify viable product candidates in our screening campaigns; competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete; product candidates we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; a product candidate may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; a product candidate may not be perceived or accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors; and the development of resistance to potential product candidates may render them ineffective against target infections with respect to our development program in HAT. 
 If we are unsuccessful in identifying and developing additional product candidates, our potential for growth may be impaired. Even if we receive regulatory approval for PAX-101 or any other product candidates we may develop or acquire, we still may not be able to successfully commercialize it and the revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. If approved for marketing, the commercial success of PAX-101 or any other product candidates we may develop or acquire will depend upon acceptance by the medical community, including physicians, patients and health care payors. The degree of market acceptance of PAX-101 or such other product candidate will depend on a number of factors, including: demonstration of clinical safety and efficacy of such product candidate; 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 relative convenience and ease of administration; the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects as well as the cost and convenience of monitoring and treating them; the willingness of physicians to prescribe such product candidate and of the target patient population to try new therapies; pricing and cost-effectiveness; the inclusion or omission of such product candidate in applicable treatment guidelines; the effectiveness of our or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; limitations or warnings contained in FDA-approved labeling; our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors; and the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement. 
 If PAX-101 or any other product candidates we may develop or acquire is approved, but does not achieve an adequate level of adoption by physicians, health care payors and patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of such product candidate may require significant resources and may never be successful. In addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prevent or reduce our ability to commercialize such product candidate successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other companies the ability to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render such product candidate not commercially viable. For example, regulatory authorities may approve such product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for such product candidate, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve such product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that indication. Further, the FDA may place conditions on approvals including potential requirements or risk management plans and the requirement for a REMS to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; and the FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS. REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of such product candidate. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following the initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial success of such product candidate. We currently have no sales and marketing organization. If we are unable to establish satisfactory sales and marketing capabilities, we may not successfully commercialize any of our product candidates, if regulatory approval is obtained. At present, we have no sales or marketing personnel. In order to commercialize products that are approved for commercial sales, we must either develop a sales and marketing infrastructure or collaborate with third parties that have such commercial infrastructure. If we elect to develop our own sales and marketing organization, we do not intend to begin to hire sales and marketing personnel until our product candidates are in Phase 3 clinical trials or closer to NDA submission, and we do not intend to establish our own sales organization in the United States until shortly prior to FDA approval of PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates for neurologic indications. For HAT we do not intend to establish a sales organization as we do not intend to sell PAX-101 for HAT in any market. We may not be able to establish a direct sales force in a cost-effective manner or realize a positive return on this investment. In addition, we will have to compete with established and well-funded pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 and retain sales and marketing personnel. Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates in the United States without strategic partners or licensees include: our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe our future products; the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 
 If we are not successful in recruiting sales and marketing personnel or in building a sales and marketing infrastructure, or if we do not successfully enter into appropriate collaboration arrangements, we will have difficulty successfully commercializing PAX-101 or any other product candidates we may develop or acquire, which would adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Outside the United States, we may commercialize our product candidates by entering into collaboration agreements with pharmaceutical partners. We may not be able to enter into such agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, even if we enter into such relationships, we may have limited or no control over the sales, marketing and distribution activities of these third parties. Our future revenues may depend heavily on the success of the efforts of these third parties. Even if we obtain marketing approval for PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and withdrawal from the market and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our future products. Even if we obtain United States regulatory approval of PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire, the FDA may still impose significant restrictions on its indicated uses or marketing or the conditions of approval, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly and time-consuming post-approval studies, and post-market surveillance to monitor safety and efficacy. Our future products will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and reporting of adverse events and other post-market information. These requirements include registration with the FDA, as well as continued compliance with current Good Clinical Practices regulations, or cGCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to continuous review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMPs, requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents. With respect to sales and marketing activities by us or any future partner, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules in addition to other applicable federal, state and local laws in the United States and similar legal requirements in other countries. In the United States, the distribution of product samples to physicians must comply with the requirements of the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing Act. Application holders must obtain FDA approval for product and manufacturing changes, depending on the nature of the change. We may also be subject, directly or indirectly through our customers and partners, to various fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act, and similar state laws, which impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs. If we participate in the U.S. Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the Federal Supply Schedule of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or other government drug programs, we will be subject to complex laws and regulations regarding reporting and payment obligations. All of these activities are also potentially subject to U.S. federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. Similar requirements exist in many of these areas in other countries. In addition, our product labeling, advertising and promotion would be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for our product candidates, physicians may nevertheless legally prescribe our products to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability and government fines. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant sanctions, including revocation of its marketing approval. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees of permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or we or our manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or GMP, we may be subject to the following administrative or judicial sanctions: restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; issuance of warning letters or untitled letters; clinical holds; injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval; suspension of any ongoing clinical trials; refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; suspension or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or product seizure, detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of product. 
 The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates and generate revenue. Adverse regulatory action, whether pre- or post-approval, can also potentially lead to product liability claims and increase our product liability exposure. Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our drug candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our drug candidates. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. In the United States, under the Medicare Modernization Act MMA ), Medicare Part D provides coverage to the elderly and disabled for outpatient prescription drugs by approving and subsidizing prescription drug plans offered by private insurers. The MMA also authorizes Medicare Part D prescription drug plans to use formularies where they can limit the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. The Part D plans use their formulary leverage to negotiate rebates and other price concessions from drug manufacturers. Also under the MMA, Medicare Part B provides coverage to the elderly and disabled for physician-administered drugs on the basis of the drug s average sales price, a price that is calculated according to regulatory requirements and that the manufacturer reports to Medicare quarterly. Both Congress and the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), the agency that administers the Medicare program, from time to time consider legislation, regulations, or other initiatives to reduce drug costs under Medicare Parts B and D. For example, under the 2010 Affordable Care Act, drug manufacturers are required to provide a 50 discount on prescriptions for branded drugs filled while the beneficiary is in the Medicare Part D coverage gap, also known as the donut hole. There have been legislative proposals 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 to repeal the non-interference provision of the MMA to allow CMS to leverage the Medicare market share to negotiate larger Part D rebates. Further cost reduction efforts could decrease the coverage and price that we receive for our drug candidates and could seriously harm our business. Private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, and any reduction in reimbursement under the Medicare program may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The 2010 Affordable Care Act is intended to broaden access to health insurance and reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending. Further, the Affordable Care Act imposes a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. It also increased the amount of the rebates drug manufacturers must pay to state Medicaid programs, required that Medicaid rebates be paid on managed Medicaid utilization, and increased the additional rebate on line extensions (such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products. The law also contains substantial provisions affecting fraud and abuse compliance and transparency, which may require us to modify our business practices with healthcare practitioners, and incur substantial costs to ensure compliance. While we are unable to predict what legislation, if any, may potentially be enacted, to the extent that future changes affect how our product candidates could be paid for and/or reimbursed by the government and private payers, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011 included, among other things, provisions that have led to 2 across-the-board reductions in Medicare payment amounts. Several states have adopted or are considering adopting laws that require pharmaceutical companies to provide notice prior to raising prices and to justify price increases. We expect that additional healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and in turn could significantly reduce the projected value of certain development projects and reduce our profitability. Our future growth depends, in part, on our ability to penetrate foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. Our future profitability will depend, in part, on our ability to commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets for which we intend to rely on collaborations with third parties. If we commercialize PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop in foreign markets, we would be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: our customers ability to obtain market access and appropriate reimbursement for our product candidates in foreign markets; our inability to directly control commercial activities because we are relying on third parties; the burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting and legal requirements; different medical practices and customs in foreign countries affecting acceptance in the marketplace; import or export licensing requirements; longer accounts receivable collection times; longer lead times for shipping; language barriers for technical training; reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and the interpretation of contractual provisions governed by foreign laws in the event of a contract dispute. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign sales of our product candidates could also be adversely affected by the imposition of governmental controls, political and economic instability, trade restrictions and changes in tariffs, any of which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we market our product candidates in a manner that violates healthcare fraud and abuse laws, or if we violate government price reporting laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. The FDA enforces laws and regulations which require that the promotion of pharmaceutical products be consistent with the approved prescribing information. While physicians may prescribe an approved product for a so-called off label use, it is unlawful for a pharmaceutical company to promote its products in a manner that is inconsistent with its approved label and any company which engages in such conduct can subject that company to significant liability. Similarly, industry codes in the E.U. and other foreign jurisdictions prohibit companies from engaging in off-label promotion and regulatory agencies in various countries enforce violations of the code with civil penalties. While we intend to ensure that our promotional materials are consistent with our label, regulatory agencies may disagree with our assessment and may issue untitled letters, warning letters or may institute other civil or criminal enforcement proceedings. In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws have been applied in recent years to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. These laws include the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act and similar state laws. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws. The U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for, purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. This statute has been interpreted broadly to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are several statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Our practices may not, in all cases, meet all the criteria for safe harbor protection from anti-kickback liability. Moreover, recent health care reform legislation has strengthened these laws. For example, the Health Care Reform Law, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal health care fraud statutes; a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Health Care Reform Law provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the U.S. False Claims Act. Federal false claims laws prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Over the past few years, several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities, such as: allegedly providing free trips, free goods, sham consulting fees and grants and other monetary benefits to prescribers; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then used by federal programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in off-label promotion that caused claims to be submitted to Medicare or Medicaid for non-covered, off-label uses; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Rebate Program to reduce liability for Medicaid rebates. Most states also have statutes or regulations similar to the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute and the U.S. False Claims Act, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include substantial civil monetary penalties, exclusion of a manufacturer s products from reimbursement under government programs, substantial criminal fines and imprisonment. We have been and expect to be significantly dependent on our collaborative agreements for the development of our product candidates, which exposes us to the risk of reliance on the performance of third parties. In conducting our research and development activities, we currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on collaborative agreements with third parties such as manufacturers, contract research organizations, commercial partners, universities, governmental agencies and not-for-profit organizations for both strategic and financial resources. The loss of, or failure to perform by us or our partners under any applicable agreements or arrangements, or our failure to secure additional agreements for our product candidates, would substantially disrupt or delay our research and development activities, including our in-process and anticipated clinical trials. Any such loss would likely increase our expenses and materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 We expect that we will rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials for our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire and our business could be substantially harmed. We expect to enter into agreements with third-party CROs to conduct and manage our clinical programs. We rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical studies for PAX-101 and our other product candidates and can control only certain and very limited aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we would be responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs would not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs would be required to comply with cGCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any products in clinical development. The FDA enforces these cGCP regulations through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with cGCPs. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test subjects. Our failure or the failure of our CROs to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to and including civil and criminal penalties. As a result, many important aspects of our drug development programs would be outside of our direct control. In addition, the CROs may not perform all of their obligations under their arrangements with us or in compliance with regulatory requirements. If the CROs do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory manner, breach their obligations to us or fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development and commercialization of PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire may be delayed or our development program may be materially and irreversibly harmed. We cannot control the amount and timing of resources these CROs would devote to our program or our product candidates. If we are unable to rely on the clinical data collected by our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the size of our clinical trials, which could significantly delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs. As a result of the foregoing, our financial results and the commercial prospects for PAX-101 and our other product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. Reimbursement decisions by third-party payors may have an adverse effect on pricing and market acceptance of PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire. If there is not sufficient reimbursement for our future products, it is less likely that such products will be widely used. Market acceptance and sales of PAX-101 or any other product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval will depend on reimbursement policies and may be affected by future healthcare reform measures in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which products they will cover and establish payment levels. In addition, government authorities and these third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by demanding price discounts or rebates and limiting both the types and variety of products that they will cover and the amounts that they will pay for these products. In addition, we might need to conduct post-marketing studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of any future products to such payors satisfaction. Such studies might require us to commit a significant amount of management time and financial and other resources. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower-cost products that are already reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing payments for other products or services, and may reflect budgetary constraints and/or imperfections in Medicare or Medicaid data used to calculate these rates. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government health care programs. Such legislation, or similar regulatory changes or relaxation of laws that restrict imports of products from other countries, could reduce the net price we receive for any future marketed products. As a result, our future products might not ultimately be considered cost-effective. We cannot be certain that reimbursement will be available for PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we develop or acquire. Also, we cannot be certain that reimbursement policies will not reduce the demand for, or the price paid for, any future products. If reimbursement is not available or is available on a limited basis, we may not be able to successfully commercialize PAX-101 or any other product candidates that we develop or acquire. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain marketing approval. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with products administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate that we successfully develop. There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or regulatory authorities in other countries. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for new products that we develop or acquire could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. While we believe we may be eligible to receive a tropical disease priority review voucher PRV for the use of PAX-101 for the treatment of HAT, there is a risk that we will not receive such PRV, which would require us to find alternative sources of funding for our later stage clinical programs. We may be eligible to receive a tropical disease PRV for PAX-101, as Human African Trypanosomiasis HAT is defined as a disease qualifying for a tropical disease PRV under Section 524 of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FD C Act ). The FDA is authorized to award a tropical disease PRV to sponsors of applications for certain products for the prevention or treatment of certain tropical diseases, upon FDA approval of the sponsor s marketing application. A tropical disease PRV may be used by the sponsor that obtains the tropical disease PRV or may be transferred to another sponsor that may use it to obtain Priority Review for a different application. In order to be eligible for a tropical disease PRV, the application must: (i) be for a tropical disease as defined in Section 524 of the FD C Act; (ii) be submitted under Section 505(b)(1) of the FD C Act or Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (the PHSA (iii) be for a product that contains no active ingredient that has been approved in any other application submitted under Section 505(b)(1) of the FD C Act or Section 351 of the PHSA; and (iv) qualify for Priority Review; (v) contain reports of one or more new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) that are essential to the approval of the application and conducted or sponsored by the sponsor; and (vi) contain the applicant s attestation that such report(s) were not submitted as part of an application for marketing approval or licensure by a regulatory authority in India, Brazil, Thailand, or any country that is a member of the Pharmaceutical Inspection Convention or the Pharmaceutical Inspection Cooperation Scheme prior to September 27, 2007. A U.S. approval in HAT would potentially qualify us to earn a tropical disease PRV from the FDA, which we intend to monetize to raise funds to support the later stage development and commercialization of PAX-101 and PAX-102 in the treatment of ASD, ME/CFS and LCS, the cost of which is estimated to be between 120 million and 140 million to gain FDA approval and commercially launch both indications in the United States, depending on the design of required clinical trial protocols. However, there can be no assurance that we will receive approval from the FDA for PAX-101, and even if PAX-101 is approved by the FDA, there is a risk that we will not receive a tropical disease PRV. Further, the PRV program has been subject to criticism, including by the FDA, and it is possible that even if we obtain approval for PAX-101 and qualify for a PRV, the program may no longer be in effect at the time of approval. In addition, although PRVs may be sold or transferred to third parties, there is no guarantee that we will be able to realize any value if we were to sell a PRV. If we are unable to obtain a PRV, or if we are unable to sell our PRV or if the amount we obtain from its sale is insufficient to fund our operations, we may be required to fund the later stage development and commercialization of PAX-101 and PAX-102 in the treatment of ASD, ME/CFS and LCS through sales of our equity or debt securities, through strategic collaborations with third parties or other similar transactions. None of these alternative arrangements may be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and if 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 we are unable to raise funding to further our clinical and commercial development, our business and stock price will be adversely impacted. In addition, we will not be eligible to receive a PRV for PAX-101 for HAT until we submit our NDA for such indication, and we may experience delays in developing and maintaining an uninterrupted supply chain for suramin, which is necessary to support such submission. Without sufficient suramin supply we would not be eligible to receive a PRV and, if granted, monetize such PRV, which could result in the delays or abandonment of any potential development and commercialization of PAX-101 and PAX-102 in the treatment of HAT, ASD, ME/CFS and LCS. If we do not obtain market exclusivity for our certain of our products, including orphan drug exclusivity, our business may be harmed. We may seek exclusivity for certain of our product candidates, including PAX-101 and PAX-102. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Generally, if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of market exclusivity, which precludes the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug for the same disease for seven years. Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an application for marketing approval. A company that first obtains FDA approval for a designated orphan drug for the designated rare disease or condition receives orphan drug market exclusivity for that drug for the designated disease for a period of seven years in the United States. This orphan drug exclusivity prevents the FDA from approving another application to market a drug containing the same active moiety for the same orphan indication, except in very limited circumstances, including when the FDA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care within the meaning of FDA regulations and guidance. In addition, a designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. Even though we received orphan drug designation for PAX-101 and may seek orphan drug designation for PAX-102, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing product candidates. If any of these other pharmaceutical companies obtains approval of an NDA before we are able to receive approval for one or more of our drug candidates with the same active moiety for the same indication, we would be barred from marketing that product in the United States during the seven-year orphan drug exclusivity period, unless we could demonstrate that such drug candidate is clinically superior to the approved products or satisfies one of the other limited exceptions to such orphan drug exclusivity. In addition, even though we received orphan drug designation for PAX-101 and may seek orphan drug designation for PAX-102, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition or a drug with the same active moiety can be approved for a different indication. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. In addition, even if we seek orphan drug designation for any of our product candidates or indications, we may never receive such designations or obtain orphan drug exclusivity. Also, overcoming the orphan drug marketing exclusivity is difficult to establish, with limited precedent, and there can be no assurance that the FDA will agree with our position seeking to overcome such marking exclusivity and approve PAX-101 or PAX-102 for U.S. market access with orphan drug exclusivity. If we fail to receive such extensions or exclusive rights, our ability to prevent competitors from manufacturing, marketing and selling competing products will be materially impaired, and our results of operations and financial condition may be significantly adversely affected. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Any failure to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations could lead to significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results. Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, (collectively, HIPAA ), the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued regulations to protect the privacy and security of protected health information used or disclosed by covered entities including certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses. HIPAA also regulates standardization of data content, codes and formats used in healthcare transactions and standardization of identifiers for health plans and providers. HIPAA and its regulations, including the final omnibus rule published on January 25, 2013, also imposes certain obligations on the business associates of covered entities that obtain protected health information in providing services to or on behalf of covered entities. In addition to federal privacy regulations, there are a number of state laws governing confidentiality and security of health information that are applicable to our business. In addition to possible federal administrative, civil and criminal penalties for HIPAA violations, state attorneys general are authorized to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. Accordingly, state attorneys general have brought civil actions seeking injunctions and damages resulting from alleged violations of HIPAA s privacy and security rules. New laws and regulations governing privacy and security may be adopted in the future as well. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible that some of our current or future business activities, including certain clinical research, sales and marketing practices and the provision of certain items and services to our customers, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such privacy and data security laws. The heightening compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and secure systems to comply with different privacy compliance and reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions could increase the possibility that a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the privacy or data security laws or regulations described above that are applicable to us, or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including potentially significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a consent decree or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. To the extent that any product candidates we may develop, once approved, are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws. Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property Rights We depend on data licensed to us by third parties, and the loss of access to this data may terminate or delay the further development of our Human African Trypanosomiasis (HAT) NDA filing. Our business relies on the license of data from the Ministry of Health, Republic of Malawi and Lwala Hospital (Soroti, Uganda). The loss of our key data may seriously impair our business and future viability, and could result in delays in developing, introducing or maintaining our product candidates and formulations until equivalent data, if available, is identified, licensed and integrated. In addition, any defects in the data we license could prevent the implementation or impair the functionality of our product candidates or formulation, delay new product or formulation introductions or injure our reputation. It is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights, and we cannot ensure the protection of these rights. Our commercial success will depend, in part, on maintaining and obtaining patent protection for our technologies, products and processes, successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges and successfully enforcing these patents against third-party competitors. The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowable, or whether any claims will be allowed in our pending applications or, the enforceability of our existing and future patents. As part of our intellectual property strategy, we intend to file U.S. nonprovisional, and foreign national and regional stage applications of this PCT application in due course. We also plan to file further patent applications covering our technology and products. We are not aware of any contested proceedings or third-party claims against our pending PCT international patent applications. We cannot predict the outcome of our patent applications related to suramin and its uses, as our pending patent application and future applications may never be approved by United States or foreign patent offices. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 The degree of our current and future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights, permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage, or provide us with any competitive advantage at all. For example, others have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent applications covering products and technologies that are similar, identical or competitive to our development programs, or important to our business. Furthermore, because patent applications are generally not published until 18 months from their earlier priority date, there is always a moving window of uncertainty as to whether third parties currently have any pending patent applications of which we would not be aware. We cannot be certain that any patents or patent application owned by a third-party will not have priority over patents and patent applications filed by us, or that we will not be involved in interference, opposition or invalidity proceedings before United States or foreign patent offices. In addition, even if we are successful in protecting our proprietary rights, generic alternatives to our therapeutic products are, and will likely continue to be, available. We also rely on trade secrets to protect technology, especially in cases when we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we require employees, academic collaborators, consultants and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary or licensed information. Typically, research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to publish data and information in which we may have rights. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, our ability to receive patent protection and our ability to protect valuable information owned by us may be imperiled. Enforcing a claim that a third-party entity illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets than patents. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. If we fail to maintain or obtain additional patent protection or trade secret protection for PAX-101 or our technologies, third parties could use our proprietary information, which could impair our ability to compete in the market and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and attain profitability. In addition, third parties patent or trade secret protection could limit or impact our freedom to operate. We may also rely on the trademarks we may develop to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors. We cannot guarantee that any trademark applications filed by us or our business partners will be approved. Third parties may also oppose such trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that the trademarks we use are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to modifying advertising and marketing for our brands. Further, we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe the trademarks we use, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce these trademarks. PAX-101 and our other product candidates may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our development and commercialization efforts. Our success depends in part on avoiding infringement of the proprietary technologies of others. We respect the valid patent rights of third parties of which we are aware. The pharmaceutical industry has been characterized by frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our proprietary technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. Additionally, because patent applications are maintained in secrecy until the application is published, we may be unaware of third-party patents that may be infringed by commercialization of PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates. There may be certain issued patents and patent applications claiming subject matter that we may be required to license in order to research, develop or commercialize PAX-101 or our other product candidates, and we do not know if such patents and patent applications would be available to license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time-consuming and may: result in costly litigation; divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; prevent us from commercializing a product until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; require us to cease or modify our use of the technology and/or develop non-infringing technology; or 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. 
 Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that we would be successful in defending against these claims of patent infringement. For example, if we were required to modify our use of the technology or develop an alternative non-infringing technology, we cannot be certain that we would be successful in making the modifications or developing the technology and whether it would be economically feasible or practical to do so. Also, it may not be possible to obtain royalty or licensing agreements on favorable terms or to obtain such agreements at all. Although no third-party has asserted a claim of infringement against us, others may hold proprietary rights that could prevent our product candidates from being marketed. Any patent-related legal action against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to our product candidates or our processes could subject us to potential liability for damages and require us to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market PAX-101 or any other product candidates. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions or that any license required under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, we cannot be sure that we could redesign PAX-101 or any other product candidates or processes to avoid infringement, if necessary. We are aware of PCT international patent application PCT/US2018/017674, titled Methods for Autism Spectrum Disorder Pharmacotherapy , which lists Perfect Daylight Limited and The Regents of the University of California as Applicants, filed on February 9, 2018, published as WO 2018/148580 on August 16, 2018, and claiming priority to U.S. provisional patent application no. 62/457,120, filed on February 9, 2017. The patent application describes compositions of antipurinergic agents, such as suramin, and methods of use for treating cognitive developmental disorders and autism spectrum disorder. From publicly available databases, we are aware that a U.S. national phase application of this PCT patent application, U.S. application Serial No. 16/537,397, was filed in the United States and is currently pending. The European equivalent of the application was granted as EP3579836 on December 15, 2021, which commenced a 9-month period for public opposition. A Chinese application, CN201880024535.9, is also pending. We are also aware of PCT international patent application PCT/ US2018/017200, titled Antipurinergic Compounds and Uses thereof, which lists CSP Pharma, Inc. as Applicant, filed on February 7, 2018, published as WO 2018/148262 on August 16, 2018, and claiming priority to U.S. provisional patent application no. 62/456,438, filed on February 8, 2017. The patent application describes compositions and methods for treating neurodevelopmental disorders. The compositions contain an APT, such as suramin, and a carrier formulated for non-intravenous administration. The neurodevelopmental disorders include ASD. From publicly available databases, we are aware that a national phase application of this PCT patent application, U.S. application Serial No. 16/484,284 was filed in the United States. However, the US Patent Office issued a Notice of Abandonment on August 12, 2021 for applicant s failure to respond to the office action of January 14, 2021. No further child applications are listed as pending. We are also aware of PCT international patent application PCT/US2017/041932, titled Diagnostic and Methods of Treatment for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Autism Spectrum Disorders, which lists The Regents of the University of California as Applicant, filed on July 13, 2017, published as WO 2018/013811 on January 18, 2018, and claiming priority to U.S. provisional patent application nos. 62/464,369, filed on February 27, 2017 and 62/362,564, filed on July 14, 2016. The patent application describes biomarkers for diagnosing and predicting the development of chronic fatigue syndrome and methods of treating a mitochondrial disease or disorder, such as ASD, by administering an effective amount of an APT, such as suramin. Publicly available databases show no pending national or regional phase patent applications. Because national phase applications of PCT/US2018/017674 are still pending at least in the United States and China, it is not certain if any patents will ultimately issue from these applications nor is it possible to predict the resultant claim scope of any such issued patent. We will continue to monitor the prosecution of these patent applications from publicly available documents. As discussed above, our success depends in part on avoiding infringement of the proprietary technologies of others. We are aware of the risks associated with the valid patent rights of third parties, however, identification of these third party proprietary technologies and patent rights is difficult because patent searching is imperfect. Also, because patent applications are maintained in secrecy until publication, we may be unaware of third-party patents that may be infringed by commercialization of PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates. Based on as yet unforeseen activities associated with the intellectual property of such third parties we may have to make modifications to our development plans, the filing of new patent applications and the prosecution of our patent portfolio, and our business. A number of companies, including several major pharmaceutical companies, have conducted research on APTs and their effect on purinergic receptors and potential therapies which resulted in the filing of many patent applications related to this research. If we were 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 to challenge the validity of these or any issued United States patent in court, we would need to overcome a statutory presumption of validity that attaches to every issued United States patent. This means that, in order to prevail, we would have to present clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of the patent s claims. If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued United States patent in an administrative trial before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, we would have to prove that the claims are unpatentable by a preponderance of the evidence. Moreover, even if we were successful in such an invalidity challenge, the decision could be appealed by the other party to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which could involve significant resources to litigate and we cannot predict whether we would prevail on appeal . There is no assurance that a jury and/or court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity or enforceability. Accordingly, if patents exist or are in the future granted that conflict with our patents, and if we face an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or if we are unable to obtain necessary licenses, we could be prevented from developing and commercializing PAX-101 or another product candidate, which in turn would harm the viability of our company and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. As is commonplace in our industry, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject in the future to claims that our employees or prospective employees are subject to a continuing obligation to their former employers (such as non-competition or non- solicitation obligations) or claims that our employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. Although we are not aware of any asserted third-party claims challenging inventorship of our patents or ownership of our intellectual property, we may in the future be subject to claims that former employees, strategic partners, commercial counterparties or other third parties associated with us or one of our predecessors in ownership of PAX-101 have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we cannot fully control the enforcement of these policies by third parties with which we contract, nor can we be certain that assignment agreements between us and our employees, between us and our counterparties, or between our counterparties and their employees or between our predecessors of ownership and their employees and counterparties, will effectively protect our interests as to any party who conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Among other issues, the assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, the assignment agreements may be breached, or we may have disputes arise from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. As we approach potential commercialization of our product candidates, we will need to more closely analyze the facts that we believe might be used to assert an inventorship claim against us. Determinations like these involve complex sets of facts and the application of sometimes-unsettled patent law, resulting in inherent uncertainties regarding ownership rights. If claims challenging inventorship are made against us, we may need to resort to litigation to resolve those claims. If we fail in defending against any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of valuable intellectual property rights or the right to assert those rights against third-parties marketing competing products. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. There are risks to our intellectual property based on our international business operations. We may face risks to our technology and intellectual property as a result of our conducting business outside of the United States, including as a result of our license of clinical data from the Ministry of Health, Republic of Malawi and Lwala Hospital (Soroti, Uganda), as certain jurisdictions may not have comparable levels of protection of corporate proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. While these risks are common to many companies, 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 conducting business in certain foreign jurisdictions, housing technology, data and intellectual property abroad, or licensing technology to or from foreign partners may have more significant exposure. Risks Related to Our Common Stock We have received deficiency letters from Nasdaq relating to non-compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. Our common stock could become subject to delisting from Nasdaq if we fail to regain compliance. In December 2022, we received notice from Nasdaq notifying us that our minimum market value of listed securities MVLS was below the minimum of 35 million required for continued listing Nasdaq. We been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until June 5, 2023, to regain compliance. If compliance in not achieved by June 5, 2023, we expect that Nasdaq would provide written notification that our securities are subject to delisting. We continue to monitor our MVLS and consider our available options to regain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum MVLS requirements, which may include applying for an extension of the compliance period or appealing to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum MVLS requirements or otherwise maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. The prices of our shares may be volatile, which could subject us to securities class action litigation and prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above the price at which you purchased them. This price at which you purchased your shares may vary from the market price of our common stock thereafter. You may be unable to sell your shares of common stock at or above the price at which you purchased them. The market price for our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; actual or anticipated changes in the pace of our corporate achievements or our growth rate relative to our competitors; failure to meet or exceed financial estimates and projections of the investment community or that we provide to the public; issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; additions or departures of key management or other personnel; disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; announcement or expectation of additional debt or equity financing efforts; sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; general economic, market or political conditions in the United States or elsewhere (including, without limitation, conditions arising out the COVID-19 pandemic). In particular, the market prices of early clinical-stage companies like ours have been highly volatile due to factors, including, but not limited to any delay or failure in a clinical trial for our product candidates or receive approval from the FDA and other regulatory agents; 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 developments or disputes concerning our product s intellectual property rights; our or our competitors technological innovations; fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments, new technologies or patents; failure to complete significant transactions or collaborate with vendors in manufacturing our product; and proposals for legislation that would place restrictions on the price of medical therapies. Our officers, directors, and principal stockholder (which is an affiliate of our Executive Chairman) exercise significant control over our company, and will control our company for the foreseeable future, including the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval. Our officers, directors, entities controlled by our officers and directors, and principal stockholders who beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock in the aggregate, and in particular, TardiMed, which is controlled by Michael Derby, our Executive Chairman, and which provides office space and important administrative services to us pursuant to that certain Rent and Administrative Services Agreement that we entered into with TardiMed in July 2020, which was amended in November 2020, have the ability, acting together, to control the election of our directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, such as: (i) a merger or a sale of our company, (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and (iii) amendments to our certificate of incorporation, as amended (our Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws (our Bylaws ). This concentration of voting power and control could have a significant effect in delaying, deferring or preventing an action that might otherwise be beneficial to our other stockholders and be disadvantageous to our stockholders with interests different from those entities and individuals. These individuals also have significant control over our business, policies and affairs as officers and directors of our company. If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control these analysts. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade our common stock or if analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. We are an emerging growth company, and will be able take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1. 235 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. We intend to take advantage of these reporting exemptions described above until we are no longer an emerging growth company. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as public companies that are not 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 emerging growth companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that are not emerging growth companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. We incur significant costs and devote substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company, which we expect to increase after we are no longer an emerging growth company. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we are required to comply with certain of the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, including the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Compliance with these requirements increases our legal and financial compliance costs and makes some activities more time consuming and costly. In addition, our management and other personnel need to divert attention from operational and other business matters to devote substantial time to these public company requirements. In particular, we expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, as defined under the JOBS ACT we expect to incur additional management time and cost to comply with the more stringent reporting requirements applicable to companies that are deemed accelerated filers or large accelerated filers, including complying with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are just beginning the process of compiling the system and processing documentation needed to comply with such requirements. We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. In that regard, we currently do not have an internal audit function, and we will need to hire or contract for additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur as a result of being a public company or the timing of such costs. There may be limitations on the effectiveness of our internal controls, and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud may materially harm our company. Proper systems of internal controls over financial accounting and disclosure controls and procedures are critical to the operation of a public company. We are also at the early stages of establishing, and we may be unable to effectively establish such systems. This would leave us without the ability to reliably assimilate and compile financial information about our company and significantly impair our ability to prevent error and detect fraud, all of which would have a negative impact on our company from many perspectives. Moreover, we do not expect that disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting, even if established, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud could materially adversely impact us. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and if our remediation of such material weaknesses is not effective, or if we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. In the course of preparing our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the nine months ended September 30, 2022, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to the evaluation of complex financial instruments, including earnings per share. The material weaknesses have not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex instruments issued by the Company was not effectively designed or maintained. We originally prepared an accounting position paper concluding that our Series Seed Preferred Stock should have been classified as mezzanine equity in accordance with ASC 480. Upon further analysis, it was determined that the Series Seed Preferred Stock should have been recorded as permanent equity because certain redemption provisions are within the Company s control. Therefore, management has concluded that our controls around the interpretation and accounting for our Series Seed Preferred Stock issued was not effectively designed or maintained. Additionally, the original earnings per share calculation did not correctly classify the shares associated with our SAFE investment and our Series Seed Preferred Stock as a separate class of participating securities. Upon further analysis we determined the controls over the calculation of earnings per share resulted in a material weakness. To remediate the above material weaknesses, we intend to develop a remediation plan with assistance from our accounting advisors and have dedicated significant resources and efforts to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents, and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. We do not believe that the remediation of these material weaknesses will result in significant incremental cost. However, another significant financial reporting failure or material weakness in internal control over financial reporting could result in substantial cost to remediate and could cause a loss of investor confidence and decline in the market price of our stock. We cannot assure you, however, that any actions we may take in the future will be sufficient to remediate the control deficiencies that led to our material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or that they will prevent or avoid potential future material weaknesses. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that are filed with the Commission. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. We have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock, and we do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Our operations expose us to litigation, tax, environmental and other legal compliance risks. We are subject to a variety of litigation, tax, environmental, health and safety and other legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, possible liability relating to product liability matters, intellectual property rights, contract-related claims, taxes, health and safety liabilities, environmental matters and compliance with U.S. and foreign laws, competition laws and laws governing improper business practices. We may be subject to claims from vendors, licensees, licensors and securityholders (including our current securityholders), including with respect to alleged breaches of agreements, material misstatements in our public filings and other reasons. We could be charged with wrongdoing as a result of such matters. We have not received any notice of any such claims and believe such claims would be without merit and would vigorously defend ourselves, however the risk of such claims is uncertain and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be liable for damages, the amount of which cannot be predicted. Further, in connection with any such claims, a court may grant other remedies that will have a material adverse effect on our Company s financial condition or results of operations, or that will result in changes to our liquidity or capitalization. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and payments, and uncertainty relating to laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights. Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. Our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. These provisions include: classifying our board of directors into three classes; authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our common stock; limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; limiting the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings; requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors; controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and stockholder meetings; and providing our board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled special meetings. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. Any provision of our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our Certificate requires that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for each of the following: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of ours to the Company or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents; any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of ours arising pursuant to, or a claim against us or any of our directors or officers, with respect to the interpretation or application of any provision of, the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any of the foregoing actions for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, any such action or actions may be brought in another state court sitting in the State of Delaware 
 The exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by law, and it will not apply to claims arising under the Exchange Act or for any other federal securities laws which provide for exclusive federal jurisdiction, though it may apply to other state and federal law claims including actions arising under the Securities Act (although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder). However, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery for the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. In addition, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against us, our directors, officers, or other employees in a venue other than the Court of Chancery for the State of Delaware. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, this provision may limit or discourage a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. General Company-Related Risks Since certain of our directors and officers are employed by and/or consult for other companies, their other activities could compete for time on, or create conflicts of interest with, our activities. Certain of our officers are not required to work exclusively for us. For example, Michael Derby, our Executive Chairman of the Board and Zachary Rome, our Chief Operating Officer and a director, are partners at TardiMed Sciences, LLC Tardimed and Stephen D. Sheldon, our Chief Financial Officer, is the Chief Executive Officer of Indochina Healthcare Co. Ltd. Pursuant to 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 the agreements we have entered into with these individuals, Messrs. Derby and Rome are obligated to devote only 20 hours per week to activities related to our Company. Therefore, it is possible that a conflict of interest with regard to an officer s time may arise based on their other employment and/or business operations. As we progress, if the full-time services of these individuals are required and the current directors and officers cannot provide that level of commitment, we will need to identify suitable individuals who can dedicate such time to our Company. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify and retain qualified candidates for these positions. We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. We have three full-time employees and two part-time employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we will need to expand the size of our employee base for managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial and other resources. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain, motivate and integrate additional employees. In addition, our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our future growth. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. In addition, the loss of the services of certain key employees, including Howard J. Weisman, our Chief Executive Officer, would adversely impact our business prospects. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive pharmaceuticals industry depends in large part upon our ability to attract highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. In order to induce valuable employees to remain with us, we intend to provide employees with stock-based compensation that vests over time. The value to employees of stock-based compensation that vests over time will be significantly affected by movements in the price of our common stock that we will not be able to control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Our management team has expertise in many different aspects of drug development and commercialization. However, we will need to hire additional personnel as we further develop our drug candidates. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and competition for experienced scientists may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and medical teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. We have entered into employment agreements with our executive officers. However, these employment arrangements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees could potentially harm our business, operating results or financial condition. In particular, we believe that the loss of the services of Howard J. Weisman, our Chief Executive Officer, would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level, and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level, and senior scientific and medical personnel. Other pharmaceutical companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles, and a longer history in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize product candidates would be limited. We face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We have competitors in a number of jurisdictions, many of which have substantially greater name recognition, commercial infrastructures and financial, technical and personnel resources than we have. Established competitors may invest heavily to quickly discover and develop novel compounds that could make PAX-101 or any other product candidates we may develop or acquire obsolete or uneconomical. Any new product that competes with an approved product may need to demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, cost, convenience, tolerability and safety to be commercially successful. Other competitive factors, including generic competition, could force us to lower prices or could result in reduced sales. In addition, new products developed by others could emerge as competitors to PAX-101 or any of our other product candidates. If we are not able 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 to compete effectively against our current and future competitors, our business will not grow and our financial condition and operations will suffer. We face competition from many different sources, including commercial pharmaceutical and biotechnology enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. We face competition with respect to our current product candidates and we will face competition with respect to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future. Our current and potential competitors in ASD include CureMark LLC, which is in Phase 3 studies for CM-AT for ASD, Yamo Pharmaceuticals, which is in Phase 2 studies for LI-79 for ASD, GW Pharmaceuticals, which is in Phase 2 studies for Cannabidivarin for ASD, Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, which is in Phase 2 studies for Cannabidiol CBD gel for ASD, QBioMed, which is developing a preclinical asset called QBM-001 for rare pediatric nonverbal autism and Kuzani Therapeutics, Inc., which has announced that it is in clinical development for the treatment of the core symptoms of ASD in children. There are two treatments that have been approved by FDA to treat the non-core symptom of irritability in ASD: Risperdal (Risperidone) and Abilify (Aripiprazole). Axial Therapeutics is in Phase 2 studies for AB-2004 for irritability in ASD. For ME/CFS, AIM ImmunoTech has an approval for rintatolimod in Argentina, and is in development for the drug in the US. For LCS, Tonix Pharmaceuticals is in Phase 2 studies for TNX-102 SL. If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our drug candidates. We face a potential risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our drug candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize our drug candidates. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop or acquire or any materials that we use in our products allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: decreased demand for our drug candidates; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion of management s time and our resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; the inability to commercialize our drug candidates; and a decline in the value of our stock. 
 Our inability to obtain and retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop or acquire. We intend to obtain product liability insurance covering our clinical trials. Although we will maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 We may acquire businesses, assets or products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions. We may acquire additional businesses, assets or products, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing and marketing any new businesses, assets or products we may acquire, and any delay in their integration may delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure you that, following any such acquisition, we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of third parties with which we contract are vulnerable to damage from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced a cyber-attack to date, there can be no assurance that we will not experience cyber-attacks in the future, suffer indirect consequences from cyber-attack on a third-party, or fail to anticipate, identify or offset such threats of potential cyber-attacks or security breaches in a timely manner. This is especially so considering the nature of cyber-attack techniques, which change frequently, can be difficult to detect for extended periods of time and often are not recognized until they succeed. System failures, accidents or security breaches could cause interruptions in our operations and could result in a material disruption of our product development and clinical activities and business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. The loss of product development or clinical trial data could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our development programs and the development of our product candidates could be delayed. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each sent into receivership. The Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC released a statement that indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their funds, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, after only one business day of closure. The U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. There is no guarantee, however, that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. We do not hold cash deposits or securities at SVB and have not experienced any adverse impact to our liquidity or to our current and projected business operations, financial condition or results of operations. However, uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry, and our business, our business partners, or industry as a whole may be adversely impacted in ways that we cannot predict at this time. Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to cash in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect the financial institutions with which we have banking relationships, and in turn, us. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could also include factors involving financial markets 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 or the financial services industry generally. The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to, delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; or termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. In addition, widespread investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a critical vendor or business partner could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. Any business partner or supplier bankruptcy or insolvency, or any breach or default by a business partner or supplier, or the loss of any significant business partner or supplier relationships, could result in material adverse impacts on our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Our principal location is at 303 South Broadway, Suite 125 Tarrytown, NY 10591. Currently, our corporate and executive office space is provided by TardiMed pursuant to the Rent and Administrative Services Agreement. We intend to add new facilities or to expand our existing facilities as we add employees, and we believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. However, we may from time to time become a party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PXMD and has been publicly traded since August 26, 2022. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our stock. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Holders of Record As of March 10, 2023, there were 12 shareholders of record. The number of record holders does not include persons who held shares of our common stock in street name accounts through brokers, banks and other financial institutions. Dividend Policy We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, for the continued development of our business. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Other than those previously disclosed by the Company in its current reports on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC, there have been no unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. Use of Proceeds On August 12, 2022, our registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-239676), was declared effective in connection with our initial public offering. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in the prospectus relating to that offering, dated August 25, 2022. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section above titled Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, those set forth under the caption Item A. Risk Factors. Overview We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focusing on the development of anti-purinergic drug therapies APT for the treatment of disorders with intractable neurologic symptoms, ranging from neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism spectrum disorder ASD ), to Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ME/CFS ), a debilitating physical and cognitive disorder believed to be viral in origin and now with rising incidence globally due to the long-term effects of SARS-CoV-2 COVID-19 ). APTs have been shown to block the effects of excess production and extracellular receptor activity of ATP, which acts as both the main energy molecule in all living cells and a peripheral and central nervous system neurotransmitter via receptors that are found throughout the nervous system. Excess purinergic signaling can offset homeostasis and trigger immune responses that result in localized and systemic increases in inflammatory chemokines and cytokines, ultimately stimulating ATP production. APTs may also impact immunologic and 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 inflammatory mechanisms that may be causing or exacerbating symptoms in these seemingly unrelated disorders, which may be caused in part by similar mechanisms of ATP overproduction. One of our primary points of focus is currently the development and testing of our lead program, PAX-101, an intravenous formulation of suramin, in the treatment of ASD and the advancement of the clinical understanding of using that agent against other disorders such as ME/CFS and LCS, a clinical diagnosis in individuals who have been previously infected with COVID-19. In February 2021, we announced positive topline data from our Phase 2 dose-ranging clinical trial evaluating PAX-101 (commonly known as intravenous suramin) for the treatment of the core symptoms of ASD, as described in more detail below. We also intend to submit data to support a New Drug Application (an NDA for PAX-101 under the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s (the FDA Tropical Disease Priority Voucher Program for the treatment of Human African Trypanosomiasis, a fatal parasitic infection commonly known as African sleeping sickness HAT ), leveraging suramin s historical use in treating HAT outside of the United States. We have exclusively licensed clinical data from certain academic or international government institutions to potentially accelerate PAX-101 s development plans in the United States through this regulatory program and seek approval in the United States for the treatment of East African HAT, which is caused by the parasite Trypanosome brucei rhodesiense , as early as 2024. We are also pursuing the development of next generation APT product development candidates for neurodevelopmental indications. These candidates include PAX-102, our proprietary intranasal formulation of suramin, as well as other new chemical entities that are more targeted and selective antagonists of particular purine receptor subtypes. We believe our lead drug candidate (suramin), if approved by the FDA, may be a significant advancement in the treatment of ASD and a potentially useful treatment for ME/CFS and LCS. We have not generated any revenue to date and, through December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 33.7 million. To date, we have financed our operations through contributions from our prior members, proceeds from our initial public offering, the issuance of our convertible notes(including the 2023 Note, as described herein), the issuance of our Simple Agreement For Equity SAFE ),Series X preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share Series X preferred stock and the sale of shares of common stock to Lincoln Park pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. We expect our expenses to increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities to develop, seek regulatory approval and commercialization of PAX-101 and our other product candidates. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will likely need substantial additional financing to support our continuing operations. We will seek to fund our operations through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. Accordingly, there are material risks and uncertainties that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 2022 Notes During the second and third quarters of 2022, we issued our senior secured convertible promissory notes (the 2022 Notes with a principal balance totaling approximately 1.5 million. The 2022 Notes contained an original issue discount totaling 0.2 million and we received net proceeds of approximately 1.2 million (net of financing fees of approximately 0.1 million). The 2022 Notes bore interest at 10 per annum and mature 12 months from the issuance date. The 2022 Notes were secured by all of our assets and personal property. The note holders had the right to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest into shares of the our common stock, up to a beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the time of conversion. The per-share conversion price was equal to 4.20 per share. In connection with the 2022 Notes, we issued warrants to purchase 195,140 shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of 4.20 per share and expire five years from the issuance date. On August 3, 2022, we entered into a conversion agreement with certain holders of the 2022 Notes, pursuant to which the holders agreed to convert 1.0 million of the principal balance at the consummation of our initial public offering at the conversion price of 4.20 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the holders of the 2022 Notes converted the notes fair value of approximately 1.2 million to 261,902 shares of the Company s common stock. On August 3, 2022, the Company entered into a conversion agreement with an additional holder of the 2022 Notes, pursuant to which the holder agreed to convert 255,555 of the principal balance of the 2022 Notes at the consummation of the Company s initial public offering into 2,555 shares of Series X preferred stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the note holder converted the note s fair value of 0.3 million to 2,806 shares of Series X preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Notes was approximately 0.2 million. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Initial Public Offering On August 30, 2022, we closed our initial public offering and received net proceeds of approximately 6.0 million, net of underwriter fees and commissions of approximately 0.8 million, and offering costs of approximately 1.4 million. We sold 1,545,454 shares of common stock at a price to the public of 5.25. In connection with the initial public offering, we issued 108,181 warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of 6.5625 per share. Series X Preferred Stock On August 1, 2022, we authorized 500,000 shares of Series X preferred stock. The stated value of the Series X preferred stock is 100 per share. The holders of the Series X preferred stock have no voting rights and are not entitled to dividends. The Series X preferred stock is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the time of conversion. On August 2, 2022, we issued 3,200 shares of Series X Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 100 per share. We received net proceeds of approximately 0.3 million, net of fees. On August 26, 2022, upon the consummation of our initial public offering, 61,689 shares of the Series X preferred stock were converted into 1,175,000 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 45,567 shares of Series X preferred stock remain outstanding. Lincoln Park Transaction In November, 2022, we entered into the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Lincoln Park up to 20 million worth of shares of common stock from time to time over the 30-month term of the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. The Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement contains an ownership limitation such that we will not issue, and Lincoln Park will not purchase, shares of our common stock if it would result in their beneficial ownership exceeding 9.99 . Lincoln Park has agreed under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement not to cause or engage in any manner whatsoever, any direct or indirect short selling or hedging of our common stock. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any shares of common stock to Lincoln Park pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, except for 198,974 commitment shares issued to Lincoln Park. On December 19, 2022, we filed a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-268882), which was declared effective by the SEC on December 27, 2022, to register 13,102,199 shares of common stock for resale by Lincoln Park from time to time under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. 2023 Note Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an investor and issued a convertible promissory note (the 2023 Note with a principal balance of 3.7 million. We received proceeds of approximately 2.5 million, net of expenses and other costs. The 2023 Note bears no interest and matures 18 months from the issuance date. In connection with the 2023 Note, we issued a common stock warrant to purchase 800,000 shares of common stock and paid a 112,000 commitment fee to the investor. The 2023 Note is secured by all of our assets and personal property. The 2023 Note is convertible into shares of common stock at any time, provided that no such conversion would result in the beneficial ownership by the investor and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of our outstanding shares of common stock. The conversion price of the 2023 Note is equal to 3.50, subject to customary adjustments, however, if new securities, other than exempted securities, are issued by us at a price less than the conversion price, the conversion price shall be reduced to such price. The 2023 Note provides that, c ommencing August 6, 2023, we will pay the outstanding principal amount of the 2023 Note in twelve consecutive monthly payments of 306,666.66 each. At our option, the monthly payment can be made in cash, shares of the common stock at a price based on 90 of the 5 lowest VWAPs during the 20 days prior to the payment date, or a combination of cash and stock. The shares issued as monthly payments must either be eligible for immediate resale under Rule 144 or be registered. Any portion of a monthly payment being made in cash shall include a premium of 5 of such cash amount. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Operations Overview Revenue To date, we have not generated any revenue. Our ability to generate product revenue, which we do not expect will occur in the near term, if ever, will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our current, and any potential future, product candidates. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred for the development of PAX-101 and our other product candidates, which include: the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing pre-clinical trial materials; costs for consultants and contractors associated with chemistry, manufacturing and controls, or CMCs, pre-clinical activities and regulatory operations; expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs, that conduct our pre-clinical trials; and employee-related expenses, including salaries for those employees involved in the research and development process. 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Costs for certain activities, such as preclinical studies and clinical trials, are generally recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors and collaborators. General and Administrative Expense Our general and administrative expenses include costs associated with our executive, accounting, information technology and human resources functions. These expenses consist principally of payroll, employee benefits, travel, and professional services fees such as consulting, audit, tax and legal fees, and general corporate costs. We expense all general and administrative expenses as incurred. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase primarily as a result of costs related to us operating as a public company, such as additional legal, accounting, corporate governance, and investor relations expenses, and directors and officers insurance premiums. Fair Value of Restricted Stock Units Granted On January 1, 2022, we granted 1,342,667 restricted stock units, or RSUs, with a fair value of approximately 14.6 million to certain employees, officers and directors. The RSUs are subject to service conditions (vesting of 33.34 on May 1, 2022, with the remaining units vesting on each three-month anniversary thereafter) and performance conditions in the form of a liquidity event. Vesting of the RSUs is subject to all grantees continuous service , and no vesting shall occur if we have not completed a Qualified Offering or a Change of Control (each as defined therein) on or before the vesting date. In the event that neither a Qualified Offering nor a Change of Control has occurred prior to December 31, 2022, then all RSUs shall be forfeited for no consideration. Because a Qualified Offering or Change of Control is not considered probable of achievement until consummation, compensation cost measured at the grant date is not recognized until such event occurs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 291,500 RSU s (granted on January 1, 2022) were forfeited due to terminations or resignations of two of employees and two board members. In August 2022, we modified the remaining 1,051,167 RSUs granted on January 1, 2022 to provide that 33.34 of each of those RSUs would vest on May 1, 2022, with an additional 8.3325 of each grant vesting each quarter thereafter, provided that if neither (i) the expiration of the 6-month period following an initial public offering nor (ii) a change in control has occurred prior to the applicable vesting date, any RSUs that would have vested thereunder shall not settle until such expiration of the 6-month period following an initial public offering or change in control occurs. Vesting in all cases generally is subject to the grantee s continued employment on the 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 applicable vesting date. This improbable to improbable modification resulted in a new measurement of compensation cost based on the underlying fair value of our common stock on the date of the modification of approximately 5.5 million. On May 15, 2022, we granted 35,333 restricted stock units (RSUs) with a fair value of approximately 0.2 million to a member of its board of directors. The RSUs were subject to service conditions (vesting of 33.34 on August 26, 2022, the consummation date of our initial public offering, with the remaining units vesting 66.66 over the next two calendar years on each three-month anniversary thereafter). These also provide that any RSUs that would have vested thereunder will not settle until the expiration for the 6-month period following an initial public offering or change in control occurs. On July 16, 2022, we granted 15,000 RSUs to its Chief Financial Officer with a fair value of approximately 0.1 million, all of which vested December 31, 2022. In August 2022, we granted 492,500 RSUs with a fair value of approximately 2.6 million to certain officers, directors and employees, one-third of which vest on the one-year anniversary of the Company s initial public offering, with the remaining restricted stock units vesting on a quarterly basis over the following two years. On October 1, 2022, we granted 51,583 RSUs with a fair value of approximately 124,000 to a member of its board of directors. The RSUs are subject to service conditions and vest 33.34 on the one year anniversary of the grant date, with the remaining units vesting on each three-month anniversary thereafter. On November 19, 2022, we granted 135,000 RSUs with a fair value of approximately 0.3 million to its Chief Financial Officer, one-third of which vest on the one year anniversary of the grant date, with the remaining RSUs vesting on a quarterly basis over the following two years. During the fourth quarter 2022, we granted 87,000 RSUs with a fair value of approximately 0.2 million for consulting services. The RSUs vest over a period of four to eleven months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs of approximately 3.9 million. No stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. The unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 5.1 million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average vesting period of 1.2 years. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to canceled stock options of approximately 0.5 million and 1.3 million, respectively. The unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to canceled stock options (as noted above), as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 0.2 million. Impact of COVID-19 Based on our current assessment, we do not expect any material impact on our long-term development timeline and our liquidity due to the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic. However, the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely impact our clinical trial operations, including our ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 if an outbreak worsens in their geography, or have other adverse effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are continuing to assess the effect on our operations by monitoring the spread of COVID-19 and the resulting global pandemic and the actions implemented to combat the virus throughout the world. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses General and administrative 8,816,940 4,973,245 Research and development 1,787,488 2,224,555 Total operating expenses 10,604,428 7,197,800 Loss from operations (10,604,428) (7,197,800) Other expense, net (4,197,339) (3,031,171) Net loss (14,801,767) (10,228,971) Operating expenses General and administrative General and administrative expenses were approximately 8.8 million and 5.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 3.8 million increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior period, was primarily due to an increase of 3.1 million for stock-based compensation, an increase of 0.9 million for legal and professional fees, and an increase of 0.3 million in other operating expenses, offset by a decrease of 0.3 million for bonuses and a decrease of 0.2 million for payroll and related expenses 0.2 million. Research and Development Research and development expenses were approximately 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and approximately 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior period was primarily attributable to lower costs incurred in connection with our research activities and include costs associated with clinical trials, consultants, clinical trial materials, regulatory filings, facilities, laboratory expenses and other supplies. Of the 1.8 million in research and development expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, 1.6 million was associated with activities related to the HAT indication, and 0.2 million was associated with activities related to the ASD indication. These activities included, but were not limited to, milestone payments in connection with the recently completed ASD trial. Of the 2.2 million in research and development expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021, 1.5 million was associated with activities related to the HAT indication, and 0.7 million was associated with activities related to the ASD indication. These activities included, but were not limited to, milestone payments in connection with the ongoing ASD trial. The estimated aggregate costs expected to be incurred for the research and development activities relating to the filing of an NDA for HAT and an IND for ASD are approximately 9.2 million, which we expect to fund with the proceeds of our initial public offering and future capital raising activities. Other Expenses, net Other expenses, net were approximately 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 1.2 million was comprised of an increase of 5.3 million for the loss on conversion of our SAFE liability, 0.4 million for the loss on issuance of our senior secured convertible promissory notes, 0.3 million for the change in fair value of our convertible notes, 0.2 million for the loss on extinguishment of debt, and 0.1 million for other expenses, offset by a decrease of 2.3 million for the change in fair value of our warrant liability and a decrease of 2.8 million for interest expense recognized during the 2021 period in connection with our convertible notes . 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources We were formed as a Delaware limited liability company on April 5, 2018 and converted into a Delaware corporation on April 15, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit since inception of approximately 33.7 million. Since inception, we have not generated revenue from product sales and have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from our operations. From inception through December 31, 2022, we have funded our operations through contributions from TardiMed Sciences, LLC TardiMed ), the issuance of senior secured convertible promissory notes of approximately 4.2 million, proceeds from our initial public offering, net of fees, of approximately 6.0 million and our SAFE of 5.0 million. Convertible Notes During the second and third quarters of 2022, we issued the 2022 Notes with a principal balance totaling approximately 1.5 million. The 2022 Notes contain an original issue discount totaling approximately 0.2 million and we received net proceeds of approximately 1.3 million. During 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, all of the 2022 Notes were converted or repaid. Equity Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC On November 17, 2022, we entered into the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement which provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, we could sell to Lincoln Park, at its discretion, up to 20.0 million of shares of its common stock over the 30-month term of the purchase agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not issue any shares of common stock under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, except for 198,974 commitment shares issued to Lincoln Park, and subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued 1.2 million shares of common stock pursuant thereto, receiving net proceeds of approximately 2.8 million. 2023 Note Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued the 2023 Note with a principal balance of 3.7 million. We received proceeds of approximately 2.5 million, net of expenses and other costs. The 2023 Note bears no interest and matures 18 months from the issuance date. In connection with the 2023 Note, we issued a common stock warrant to purchase 800,000 shares of our common stock and paid a 112,000 commitment fee to the investor. The 2023 Note is secured by all of our assets and personal property. Operating activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 6.1 million, which primarily included our net loss of approximately 14.8 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of approximately 8.6 million including loss on conversion of our SAFE investment of 5.3 million, stock-based compensation of approximately 4.4 million, loss on issuance of debt of 0.4 million recorded in connection with the issuance of our 2022 Notes, the change in fair value of our 2022 Notes of 0.3 million and loss on extinguishment of debt of 0.2 million and other expenses of 0.1 million, offset by the change in fair value of our warrant liability of 1.9 million and the change in fair value of our SAFE investment of 0.2 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was nominal. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 5.5 million, which primarily included our net loss of approximately 10.2 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of approximately 4.4 million, including the amortization of the debt discount associated with our convertible notes of 2.6 million, stock-based compensation of approximately 1.3 million, the change in fair value of our warrant liability of 0.5 million, and non-cash interest expense of approximately 0.3 million, offset by the change in fair value of our SAFE liability of 0.2 million, and a 0.1 million gain recorded with the conversion of our notes. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was approximately 0.4 million due to increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses. Investing Activities There were no investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Financing activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 7.5 million, consisting of proceeds received from our initial public offering of 6.0 million, the issuance of our 2022 Notes and warrants of 1.2 million, and 0.3 million from the issuance of our Series X preferred stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 4.8 million, consisting of proceeds received from our SAFE agreement of 5.0 million, offset by payment of deferred offering costs of approximately 0.2 million. Funding requirements As of December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of approximately 1.9 million. Our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We anticipate incurring additional losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research and development of product candidates. Furthermore, we expect to continue to incur additional costs as a public company. Accordingly, we will likely need to obtain substantial additional funding. If we are unable to raise capital or otherwise obtain funding when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We will seek to obtain additional capital through the sale of debt or equity financings or other arrangements such as, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements to fund operations; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity securities may dilute existing stockholders and may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding shares of common and preferred stock. Debt securities issued or other debt financing incurred may contain covenants and limit our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders. If we are unable to obtain such additional financing, future operations would need to be scaled back or discontinued. Contractual obligations and commitments As of December 31, 2022, the 2022 Notes outstanding principal balance totals approximately 0.2 million. The notes bear interest at 10 per annum and mature between April and July 2023. Off-balance sheet arrangements We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. We therefore believe that we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships. Critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. The most significant estimates relate to the valuation of our common stock, SAFE liability and warranty liability, and our election to adopt the fair value option for our convertible notes. These estimates and assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from these estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and actual results, our future results of operations will be affected. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 We define our critical accounting policies as those accounting principles that require us to make subjective estimates and judgments about matters that are uncertain and are likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as the specific manner in which we apply those principles. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements, we believe the following are the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements that require significant estimates and judgments: Stock-Based Compensation We expense stock-based compensation to employees, non-employees and board members over the requisite service period based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards and actual forfeitures. We account for forfeitures as they occur. Stock-based awards with graded vesting schedules are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. The determination of the grant date fair value of options using an option pricing model is affected principally by our estimated fair value of shares of our common stock and requires management to make a number of other assumptions, including the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the underlying shares, the risk-free interest rate and the expected dividend yield. The assumptions used in our Black-Scholes option-pricing model represent management s best estimates at the time of measurement. These estimates are complex, involve a number of variables, uncertainties and assumptions and the application of management s judgment, as they are inherently subjective. If any assumptions change, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. These assumptions are estimated as follows: Fair Value of Common Stock . See the subsection titled - Fair Value of Common Stock below.
 Expected Term. The expected term represents the period that our options are expected to be outstanding. We calculated the expected term using the simplified method for options based on the average of each option s vesting term and the contractual period during which the option can be exercised, which is typically 10 years following the date of grant.
 Expected Volatility. The expected volatility was based on the historical share volatility of several comparable publicly traded companies over a period of time equal to the expected term of the options, as we did not have any trading history to use the volatility of our own common stock. The comparable companies were chosen based on their size, stage in life cycle and area of specialty. We will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available.
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate was based on the yields of U.S. Treasury securities with maturities appropriate for the term of the award.
 Expected Dividend Yield. We have not paid dividends on our common stock nor do we expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero.
 
 Fair Value of Common Stock Prior to our initial public offering, there was no public market for our common stock. As such, the estimated fair value of our common stock and underlying stock options has been determined at each grant date by our board of directors, with input from management, based on the information known to us on the grant date. Beginning in May 2020, we determined the estimated fair value of our common stock using the Hybrid Method, which incorporated the Option Pricing Model OPM and the Probability Weighted Expected Return Method PWERM ), estimating the probability- weighted value across multiple scenarios by using the OPM to estimate the allocation of value within one or more of those scenarios. The Hybrid Method was utilized given there was transparency into one or more near- term potential exits but there existed uncertainty regarding what would occur if the near-term exit plans did not materialize. Under the PWERM, the values of the various equity interests were estimated based upon an analysis of future values for our company, assuming various potential future outcomes. Share value was based upon the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns, considering each of the possible future outcomes available to us, as well as the rights of each share class. The future outcomes modeled included an initial public offering, a dissolution or continued operation as a private company until a later exit date. To estimate our total equity value, a combination of the Backsolve Methodology backsolving the implied enterprise value based on the price paid for each new preferred security sold), a discounted cash flow analysis and a guideline publicly traded company method was used for scenario options, based on the fact pattern 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 that existed as of the particular valuation date. After deriving the indicated values of equity under the scenario options, the present value of the class specific equity allocations were calculated. After calculating the present values as applicable to the scenarios, the probability of each scenario occurring was multiplied by the indications of value under each scenario. The sum of the probability-weighted values for our common stock was then divided by our total common stock outstanding as of the relevant valuation date. In addition to considering the results of these third-party valuation reports, our board of directors used assumptions based on various objective and subjective factors, combined with management judgment, to determine the fair value of our common stock as of the grant date, including: the prices at which we sold shares of preferred stock and the superior rights and preferences of the preferred stock relative to our common stock at the time of each grant; external market conditions affecting the life sciences research and development industry and trends within the industry; our stage of development and business strategy; our financial condition and operating results, including our levels of available capital resources and forecasted results; developments in our business; the progress of our research and development efforts; equity market conditions affecting comparable public companies; and general market conditions and the lack of marketability of our common stock. 
 Application of these approaches involves the use of estimates, judgment and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding our expected future revenue, expenses and future cash flows, discount rates, market multiples, the selection of comparable companies and the probability of possible future events. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions or the relationships between the assumptions impact our valuations as of each valuation date and may have a material impact on the valuation of our common stock. Following our initial public offering, a public trading market for our common stock has been established and it will no longer be necessary for our board of directors to estimate the fair value of our common stock in connection with our accounting for granted stock options and other such awards we may grant, as the fair value of our common stock will be determined based on the closing price of our common stock as reported on the date of grant. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Convertible Notes In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 825, Financial Instruments ASC 825 ), we have elected the fair value option for recognition of its convertible notes. In accordance with ASC 825, we recognize these convertible notes at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations. The fair value option may be applied instrument by instrument, but it is irrevocable. As a result of applying the fair value option, direct costs and fees related to the convertible notes were recognized in general and administrative expense. Accrued interest for the notes has been included in the change in fair value of convertible notes in the statements of operations. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Warrant Liability We account for certain common stock warrants outstanding as a liability at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value of the warrants issued by us have been estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation. Simple Agreement for Future Equity We account for a SAFE as a liability at fair value and adjusts the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until a triggering event, equity financing or a liquidity/dissolution occurs, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value of the SAFE has been estimated using the Backsolve method which utilizes the Option Pricing Method. Accrued Outsourcing Costs Substantial portions of our preclinical studies and clinical trials are performed by third-party laboratories, medical centers, CROs and other vendors. These CROs generally bill monthly or quarterly for services performed, or bill based upon milestone achievement. For preclinical studies, we accrue expenses based upon estimated percentage of work completed and the contract milestones remaining. Clinical trial costs are a significant component of research and development expenses and include costs associated with third-party contractors. We outsource a substantial portion of our clinical trial activities, utilizing external entities such as CROs, independent clinical investigators, and other third-party service providers to assist us with the execution of its clinical studies. For each clinical trial that we conduct, certain clinical trial costs are expensed immediately, while others are expensed over time based on the number of patients in the trial, the attrition rate at which patients leave the trial, and/or the period over which clinical investigators or CROs are expected to provide services. Our estimates depend on the timeliness and accuracy of the data provided by the CROs regarding the status of each program and total program spending. We periodically evaluate the estimates to determine if adjustments are necessary or appropriate based on information it receives. Research and Development Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel serving our development functions, and other internal operating expenses, the cost of clinical studies, and the cost of our drug candidate for clinical study. In addition, research and development expenses include payments to third parties for the development of our product candidates and the estimated fair value for the issuance of equity for the license rights to products in development (prior to marketing approval). Our expenses related to clinical trials are primarily related to activities at CROs that design, gain approval for and conduct clinical trials on our behalf. Such amounts are then recognized as an expense as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. Recent accounting pronouncements See Note 3 to our financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial statements. Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act ), and we may remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal control over financial reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved and an exemption from compliance with the requirements regarding the communication of critical audit matters in the auditor s report on financial statements. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 standards as public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that are not emerging growth companies. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB 00 ); Marcum LLP, New York, NY F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Paxmedica, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of PaxMedica, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, statements of stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum llp We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 March 29, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 PAXMEDICA, INC. Balance Sheets 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Deferred offering costs Total assets LIABILITIES, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities Accounts payable Accounts payable - related party Accrued expenses Notes payable - fair value SAFE liability Warrant liability Shares settled liability Total current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized: Series Seed preferred shares, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021; aggregate liquidation preference of at December 31, 2021 Series X preferred shares, shares authorized at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and shares authorized at December 31, 2021; and 6,913,492 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities, and stockholders equity (deficit) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 PAXMEDICA, INC. Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses General and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) Gain on conversion of notes Loss on conversion of SAFE ) Loss on issuance of debt ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Change in fair value of notes ) Change in fair value of SAFE Change in fair value warrant liability ) Other income (expense) ) ) Total other expense ) ) Net loss ) ) Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per share ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 PAXMEDICA, INC. Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional Total Series Seed Preferred Stock Series X Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) Common stock issued in connection with conversion of notes payable Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock for commitment fee in connection with equity purchase agreement ) Issuance of common stock for consulting services Issuance of Series X preferred stock, net of fees Conversion of SAFE liability to Series X preferred stock Issuance of common stock and warrants, net of fees Issuance of common stock in connection with conversion of notes payable Issuance of Series X preferred stock in connection with conversion of notes payable Conversion of Series Seed preferred stock to common stock ) ) Conversion of Series X preferred stock to common stoc k ) ) ) Warrants exchanged for shares of common stock and Series X preferred stock Reclassification of warrants to equity Costs incurred in connection with equity purchase agreement ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 PAXMEDICA, INC. Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for consulting services Amortization of debt discount Change in fair value of notes Change in fair value of SAFE ) ) Loss on conversion of SAFE Loss on issuance of debt Loss on extinguishment of debt Gain on conversion of notes ) Change in fair value warrant liability ) Other expense Non-cash interest expense Changes in assets and liabilities: Other current assets ) Accounts payable Accounts payable - related party ) Accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants, net of fees Proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes, net of fees Proceeds from issuance of Series X preferred stock, net of fees Proceeds from SAFE investment Payment of costs incurred in connection with equity purchase agreement ) Payment of deferred offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash, beginning of year Cash, end of year Non-cash financing activities: Series X preferred stock issued in connection with conversion of notes payable Common stock issued in connection with conversion of notes payable Conversion of SAFE liability to Series X preferred stock Warrants exchanged for shares of common stock and Series X preferred stock Reclassification of warrants to equity Shares settled liability Unpaid costs for equity purchase agreement Unpaid deferred offering costs and financing fees The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 per share. The Company agreed to sell shares of its common stock to the underwriters, at a purchase price per share of (the offering price to the public of per share minus the underwriters discount), pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239676), as amended, under the Securities Act of 1933, that was filed by the Company under Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act. The Company also granted the underwriters a -day option to purchase up to additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments. On August 30, 2022, the Company received net proceeds from its public offering of approximately million, net of underwriter fees and commissions of approximately million, and offering costs of approximately million. In connection with its public offering the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of per share. product revenues, incurred operating losses since inception, and expects to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. The Company had working capital of million, an accumulated deficit of approximately million at December 31, 2022, a net loss of approximately million, and approximately million of net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Equity Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC On November 17, 2022, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC LPC which provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, the Company could sell to LPC, at its discretion, up to million of shares of its common stock over the -month term of the Purchase Agreement (See Note 9 ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock in connection with the Purchase Agreement and subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued million shares of common stock, receiving net proceeds of approximately million. Convertible Promissory Note Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note (the 2023 Note with a principal balance of million. The Company received proceeds of approximately million, net of expenses and other costs. The 2023 Note bears interest and matures from the issuance date. In connection with the 2023 Note, the Company issued a common stock warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and paid a commitment fee to the investor (See Note 7). 2022 Notes During the second and third quarters of 2022, the Company entered into senior secured convertible promissory notes (the 2022 Notes with a principal balance totaling approximately million. The 2022 Notes contain an original issue discount totaling million and the Company received net proceeds of approximately million (See Note 7). Series X Preferred Stock On August 2, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series X preferred stock, par value per share at a purchase price of per share. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million, net of fees. (See Note 9). 
 F-8 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 cash equivalents or short-term investments. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 warrant liabilities (See Note 4). shares of Series X preferred stock (See Note 9). 
 F-11 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 Series X preferred stock Unvested restricted stock units Common stock warrants SAFE investment (1) Convertible notes Shares settled liability Total 

 (1) SAFE investment As of December 31, 2021, the Company s price per share of was calculated by dividing the post money valuation of million by shares of common stock outstanding. The shares of common stock outstanding was calculated in accord with the agreement and includes of common shares outstanding, of IPO shares, of restricted stock units, of common stock warrants and of SAFE shares. The SAFE investment shares of (included in the table above) were calculated using the SAFE investment of million divided by per share. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 Fair value measured at December 31, 2021 Quoted prices in active Significant other Significant Total carrying value at markets observable inputs unobservable inputs December 31, 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Liabilities: SAFE liability Warrant liability During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a change of approximately million in Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value, respectively. The fair value of the convertible notes may change significantly as additional data is obtained, impacting the Company s assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the liabilities. In evaluating this information, considerable judgment is required to interpret the data used to develop the assumptions and estimates. The estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current market exchange. Accordingly, the use of different market assumptions and/or different valuation techniques may have a 
 F-13 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 Issuance of SAFE Change in fair value ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Issuance of convertible notes and warrants Conversion of SAFE liability to Series X preferred stock ) Issuance of common stock in connection with conversion of notes payable ) Issuance of Series X preferred stock in connection with conversion of notes payable ) Warrants exchanged for shares of common stock and Series X preferred stock ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Change in fair value ) ) Reclassification of warrants to equity ) Loss on conversion of SAFE Shares settled liability in connection with conversion of notes payable ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Convertible Notes During the second and third quarters of 2022, the Company issued the 2022 Notes. The Company elected the fair value option when recording its 2022 Notes (See Note 3) and the notes were classified as liabilities and measured at fair value on the issuance date, with changes in fair value recognized as other income (expense) on the statements of operations and disclosed in the financial statements. The fair value of the 2022 Notes on the issuance dates, conversion dates, and as of December 31, 2022 were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to capture the path dependencies intrinsic to their terms. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s convertible notes are the common stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. Significant changes in these inputs may result in significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, holders of the 2022 Notes converted their notes to shares of the Company s common stock and holder of the 2022 Notes converted its note to shares of Series X preferred stock (See Note 7). Expected price volatility - Risk free interest rate - Expected term (in years) - Simple Agreement for Future Equity On March 19, 2021, the Company entered into a SAFE agreement with an investor. At issuance date, the Company classified the cash received of million as a liability, with changes in fair value recognized as other income (expense) on the statements of operations and disclosed in the financial statements (See Note 6). On August 2, 2022 the SAFE was converted to shares of Series X preferred stock (See Note 9). 
 F-14 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 Expected price volatility Risk free interest rate - - Expected term (in years) - - Warrants During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock warrants in connection with its 2022 Notes (See Note 7). During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued common stock warrants in association with its 2020 convertible notes (the 2020 Notes issued during 2020. The warrants were classified as liabilities and measured at fair value on the grant date, with changes in fair value recognized as other income (expense) on the statements of operations and disclosed in the financial statements. On August 3, 2022, the Company entered into a warrant exchange agreement (the Warrant Exchange Agreement with a holder of certain warrants to purchase the Company s common stock. The warrants were issued in connection with the Company s 2020 Notes. Pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreement, the Company exchanged warrants for shares of common stock and shares of Series X preferred stock at the consummation of the Company s initial public offering (See Note 9). On August 26, 2022, upon the consummation of the Company s initial public offering, the remaining liability classified warrants with a fair value of approximately million were determined to be indexed to the Company s common stock, and therefore were reclassified to equity. As of December 31, 2022, there are liability classified warrants. Expected price volatility - Risk free interest rate - Expected term (in years) - Significant changes in the expected price volatility and expected term would result in significantly lower or higher fair value measurement of the warrants, respectively. Directors and officers insurance Professional fees Research and development Total accrued expenses 
 F-15 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 million. Under the terms of the SAFE, the investor has the right to participate in future equity financings of the Company. The number of shares to be received by the SAFE investor was based on a discount of the pricing in the triggering equity financing and includes a post money valuation cap of million. In a liquidity or dissolution event, the investors right to receive cash out was junior to payment of outstanding indebtedness and creditor claims, on par for other SAFE agreements and/or preferred stock, and senior to payments for common stock. The SAFE had no interest rate or maturity date, the SAFE investor had no voting rights prior to conversion, and if the Company paid a dividend on outstanding shares of common stock while the SAFE was outstanding, the SAFE investor would have received the same dividend. On August 2, 2022, the fair value of the SAFE was approximately million and the SAFE was converted into shares of Series X preferred stock with a face value of million, or per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a million loss on conversion of the SAFE (See Note 9). million. The 2022 Notes contain an original issue discount totaling million and the Company received net proceeds of approximately million (net of financing fees of approximately million). The 2022 Notes bear interest at per annum and mature from the issuance date. The notes are secured by all assets and personal property of the Company. The note holders have the right to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest into shares of the Company s common stock, up to a beneficial ownership limitation of of the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the time of conversion. The per share conversion price is equal to the lessor of (i) or (ii) of the qualified offering price of the Company s common stock resulting from the listing for trading of its common stock on a qualified exchange. In connection with the notes, the Company issued common stock warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of the lessor of (i) or (ii) of the qualified offering price and expire from the issuance date. As a result of the issuance of the common stock warrants, the exercise price of the Company s existing warrants was adjusted to an exercise of per share. On August 26, 2022, upon the consummation of the Company s initial public offering, the conversion price of the 2022 Notes and the exercise price of the warrants is calculated at of per share (the offering price) or per share. On August 3, 2022, the Company entered into a conversion agreement with certain holders of the 2022 Notes, pursuant to which the holders agreed to convert million of the principal balance at the consummation of the Company s initial public offering at the conversion price of per share. On August 26, 2022, the holders of the 2022 Notes converted the notes fair value of approximately million to shares of the Company s common stock. During the fourth quarter 2022, the Company recorded a shares settled liability with a fair value of approximately million, which was calculated using the Company s closing price of its common stock on the note conversion date, in connection with additional shares of common stock to be issued to the noteholders. On August 3, 2022, the Company entered into a conversion agreement with an additional holder of the 2022 Notes, pursuant to which the holder agreed to convert of the principal balance at the consummation of the Company s initial public offering into shares of Series X preferred stock. On August 26, 2022, the note holder converted the notes fair value of million to shares of Series X preferred stock (See Note 9). During the fourth quarter 2022, the Company issued additional shares of Series X preferred stock to the noteholder. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Notes was approximately million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a loss on issuance of debt of million, loss on extinguishment of debt of million, and a fair value loss of million which is included in the change in fair value of notes in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company recognized interest expense as a component of the change in fair value of the notes during the year ended December 31, 2022 (See Note 3). 
 F-16 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 million. The Company received proceeds of approximately million, net of expenses and other costs. The 2023 Note bears no interest and matures from the issuance date. In connection with the 2023 Note, the Company issued a common stock warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and paid a commitment fee to the investor. The 2023 Note is secured by all of the Company s assets and personal property. The 2023 Note is convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at any time, provided that no such conversion would result in the beneficial ownership by the investor and its affiliates of more than of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. The conversion price of the 2023 Note is equal to , subject to customary adjustments, however, if new securities, other than exempted securities, are issued by the Company at a price less than the conversion price, the conversion price shall be reduced to such price. The 2023 Note provides that, commencing August 6, 2023, the Company will pay the outstanding principal amount of the 2023 Note in consecutive payments of each. At the option of the Company, the monthly payment can be made in cash, shares of the common stock of the Company at a price based on of the 5 lowest VWAPs during the 20 days prior to the payment date, or a combination of cash and stock. The shares issued as monthly payments must either be eligible for immediate resale under Rule 144 or be registered. Any portion of a monthly payment being made in cash shall include a premium of of such cash amount. Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 On December 22, 2020, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of approximately million to employees, officers and directors of the Company. on May 1, 2021, with the remaining units vesting on each three-month anniversary thereafter) and performance conditions in the form of a liquidity event. Vesting of the RSUs is subject to all grantees continuous service with the Company, and no vesting shall occur if the Company has not completed a Qualified Offering or a Change of Control on or before the vesting date. In the event that neither a Qualified Offering nor a Change of Control has occurred prior to December 31, 2021, then all RSUs shall be forfeited for no consideration. Because a Qualified Offering or Change of Control is not considered probable of achievement until consummation, compensation cost measured at the grant date is not recognized until such event occurs. On December 22, 2020, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of approximately million to its officers and directors, in exchange for vested and unvested stock options. on May 1, 2021, with the remaining units vesting on each three-month anniversary, thereafter, fully vesting on May 1, 2023) and performance conditions in the form of a liquidity event. Vesting of the RSUs is subject to all grantees continuous service with the Company, and no vesting shall occur if the Company has not completed a Qualified Offering or a Change of Control on or before the vesting date. In the event that neither an IPO nor change in control has occurred prior to December 31, 2021, then all RSUs shall be forfeited for no consideration. Pursuant to the guidance of ASC 718- Compensation - Stock Compensation , the exchange of the options for the RSUs was accounted for as a probable (service only vesting) to improbable (performance and service with the performance criteria considered improbable since contingent upon a Qualified Offering or Change of Control) modification. As such, compensation cost for the original awards would be recognized if the awards would have vested pursuant to the original terms. In addition, since the original awards were modified, the incremental cost would be measured as the result of the most recent modification; that is, the fair value of the options after the modification to increase the exercise price to . This fair value would be compared to the fair value of the RSUs to determine 
 F-17 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 million will continue to be recognized over the original vesting criteria. Because a Qualified Offering or Change of Control is not considered probable of achievement until consummation, the incremental compensation cost measured at the grant date of million is not recognized until such event occurs. Since the Company failed to complete a Qualified Offering or a Change of Control prior to December 31, 2021, the RSUs were forfeited as of December 31, 2021. On May 15, 2022, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of approximately million to a member of its board of directors. on August 26, 2022, the consummation date of the Company s initial public offering, with the remaining units vesting over the next two calendar years on each three-month anniversary thereafter). On August 26, 2022, the Company consummated its initial public offering and based on the modification of the RSUs would vest on February 26, 2023, with an additional of each grant vesting each quarter thereafter. On January 1, 2022, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of approximately million to employees, officers and directors of the Company. on May 1, 2022, with the remaining units vesting on each three-month anniversary thereafter) and performance conditions in the form of a liquidity event. Vesting of the RSUs is subject to all grantees continuous service with the Company, and no vesting shall occur if the Company has not completed a Qualified Offering or a Change of Control on or before the vesting date. In the event that neither a Qualified Offering nor a Change of Control has occurred prior to December 31, 2022, then all RSUs shall be forfeited for no consideration. Because a Qualified Offering or Change of Control is not considered probable of achievement until consummation, compensation cost measured at the grant date is not recognized until such event occurs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, RSU s (granted on January 1, 2022) were forfeited due to terminations of of the Company s employees and of its board members. In August 2022, the Company modified the remaining of each of those RSUs would vest on May 1, 2022, with an additional of each grant vesting each quarter thereafter , provided that if neither (i) the expiration of the -month period following an initial public offering nor (ii) a change in control has occurred prior to the applicable vesting date, any RSUs that would have settled thereunder shall not settled until such expiration of the -month period following an initial public offering or change in control occurs (provided further that if neither an initial public offering nor a change in control occurs on or prior to December 31, 2022, then all of the related RSUs will be forfeited). Vesting in all cases generally is subject to the grantee s continued employment with the Company or a subsidiary thereof on the applicable vesting date. This improbable to improbable modification resulted in a new measurement of compensation cost based on the underlying fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of the modification of approximately million. On July 16, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to its Chief Financial Officer with a fair value of approximately million, all of which vested December 31, 2022. In August 2022, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of approximately million to certain officers, directors and employees, one-third of which vest on the anniversary of the Company s initial public offering, with the remaining restricted stock units vesting on a quarterly basis over the following . On October 1, 2022, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of approximately to a member of its board of directors. on the anniversary of the grant date, with the remaining units vesting on each three-month anniversary thereafter. On November 19, 2022, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of approximately million to its Chief Financial Officer, one-third of which vest on the anniversary of the grant date, with the remaining RSUs vesting on a quarterly basis over the following . 
 F-18 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 RSUs with a fair value of approximately million for consulting services. The RSUs vest over a period of four to . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs of approximately million. stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. The unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs as of December 31, 2022 is approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average vesting period of years. Performance-based Restricted Stock Units On October 11, 2022, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock units with a fair value of approximately for consulting services. The RSUs are subject to a performance condition, and will vest upon the Company signing a definitive agreement with a strategic partner. Canceled Stock Options The Company previously granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and during the year ended December 31, 2020 these options were canceled (See RSUs above). stock options were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Compensation cost related to the canceled stock options continues to be recognized over the original vesting criteria. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately million and million, respectively. The unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to canceled stock options (as noted above), as of December 31, 2022 is approximately million. shares of common stock and (ii) authorize shares of preferred stock, of which are designated as Series X Preferred Stock. In connection with the initial public offering, the Board waived any lock-up restrictions contained in the Series X Certificate of Designations. Series Seed Preferred Stock On April 15, 2020, the Company authorized shares of par value preferred stock. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or any deemed liquidation event, the holders of preferred stock shall be paid out of the funds of the assets available for distribution to stockholders before any payment is made to common stockholders. A deemed liquidation event includes a merger or consolidation, the sale lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition by the Company. The preferred stockholders would be paid at an amount equal to the greater of (i) the applicable original issue price plus any dividends declared but unpaid or (ii) the amount per share of preferred stock that would have been payable had all shares of preferred stock been converted to common stock prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or deemed liquidation event. Each holder of preferred stock has voting rights equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which their preferred shares are convertible as of the record date. Each share of preferred stock is convertible at the option of the holder, at any time, into shares of the Company s common stock, the number of which is determined by dividing the original issue price by the conversion price for that series of preferred stock in effect at the time of conversion. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, and the preferred shares were convertible into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, all shares of Series Seed preferred stock were converted to shares of the Company s common stock (See below). 
 F-19 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 per share. The Company and the holders exchanged all shares of outstanding Series Seed preferred stock into shares of common stock immediately prior to the effectiveness of its registration statement filed in connection with the Company s initial public offering. On August 9, 2022, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement relating to the public offering of its common stock, par value per share. The Company agreed to sell shares of its common stock to the underwriters, at a purchase price per share of (the offering price to the public of per share minus the underwriters discount), pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239676), as amended, under the Securities Act of 1933, that was filed by the Company under Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act. On August 30, 2022, the Company received net proceeds from its public offering of approximately million, net of underwriter fees and commissions of approximately million, and offering costs of approximately million. In connection with its public offering the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of per share. On November 17, 2022, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with LPC, which provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, the Company could sell to LPC, at its discretion, up to million of shares of its common stock over the -month term of the Purchase Agreement. Upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to LPC as commitment shares in accordance with the closing conditions contained within the Purchase Agreement. The commitment shares were valued using the closing price of the Company s common stock on the effective date of the Purchase Agreement resulting in an aggregate fair value of million. The Company paid a upfront fee to LPC and in legal fees related to the issuance of the Purchase Agreement which are included in additional paid-in capital on the accompanying balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock in connection with the Purchase Agreement. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued million shares of common stock, and received net proceeds of approximately million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a shares settled liability with a fair value of approximately million in connection with shares of common stock to be issued in connection with the conversion of notes payable (See Note 7), and shares of common stock to be issued for consulting services. The fair value of the shares settled liability was determined using the Company s closing price of its common stock on the note conversion date, and the date of the consulting agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of its common stock with a fair value of million in connection with consulting services. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding . Year Ended December 31, 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021, in accordance with the original terms, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of million of notes payable. Series X Preferred Stock On August 1, 2022, the Company authorized shares of Series X preferred stock, par value per share. The stated value of the Series X preferred stock is per share. The holders of the Series X preferred stock have no voting rights and are not entitled to dividends. The Series X preferred stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock and is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of of the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the time of conversion. On August 2, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series X preferred stock in a private placement, at a purchase price of per share, and received net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting expenses (the Series X Private Placement ). The 
 F-20 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 million outstanding under the SAFE automatically converted into shares of Series X preferred stock (See Note 6). During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of its Series X preferred stock in connection with the conversion of certain 2022 Notes (See Note 7). The shares of Series X preferred stock are convertible into shares of common stock at the initial offering price of per share, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation. On the August 26, 2022, in connection with its Warrant Exchange Agreement (See Note 3), the Company exchanged warrants for shares of its common stock and shares of its Series X preferred stock. On August 26, 2022, upon the consummation of the Company s initial public offering, shares of the Series X preferred stock were converted into shares of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Series X preferred stock remain outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately million of federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards that may be available to offset future taxable income, if any. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, all federal NOLs incurred after December 31, 2017 are carried forward indefinitely. The state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2040. The Company has federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately as of December 31, 2022, which begin to expire in 2040. Under the Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382, annual use of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards to offset taxable income may be limited based on cumulative changes in ownership. The Company has not completed an analysis to determine whether any such limitations have been triggered as of December 31, 2022. Any such limitation would have no net impact on the financial statements due to the recognition of a full valuation allowance on the recorded tax benefits related to loss carry forwards based on uncertainty surrounding realization of such assets. As required by ASC 740, management of the Company has evaluated the evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based on the weight of available evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of these assets. Accordingly, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million at December 31, 2022. The valuation allowance increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of the increase in net operating loss carryforwards generated in the current year. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 Research development credits Accrued expenses Equity based compensation Capitalized research costs Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset State taxes, net of federal benefit Share based compensation ) ) Debt conversion ) ) Permanent items ) Other ) Warrant liability ) Change in valuation reserve ) ) Income taxes provision (benefit) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties that would be assessed in relation to the settlement value of unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The Company did not accrue either interest or penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company files income tax returns in the United States federal tax jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions, including New York and New Jersey. The Company did not have any foreign operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The statute of limitations for assessment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities is open since inception, and in addition, carryforward tax attributes generated since inception may be adjusted upon examination to the extent utilized in a future period. The Company is not aware of any tax examinations currently taking place. shares of the Company s common stock which represents of the total voting shares outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, Tardimed held shares of the Company s common stock which represented of the total voting shares outstanding. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents PAXMEDICA, INC. Notes To Financial Statements 
 for management fees owed to Tardimed during each period. Accounts payable - As of December 31, 2022, related party payables totaled owed to Tardimed for management fees. The related party payables as of December 31, 2021 were nominal. Note 13. Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated all subsequent events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued. Except as described below, the Company has concluded that no subsequent event has occurred that require disclosure within these financial statements. Convertible Promissory Note Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued the 2023 Note with a principal balance of million. The Company received proceeds of approximately million, net of expenses and other costs (See Note 7). 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. We have not had any disagreements with our accountants or auditors that would need to be disclosed pursuant to Item 304 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. ITEM 9A. DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, because of a material weakness in our internal control over accounting for complex financial instruments. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex features of financial instruments was not effectively designed or maintained. As a result, our management performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, result of operations and cash flows of the periods presented. Management understands that the accounting standards applicable to our financial statements are complex and has since the inception of the Company benefited from the support of experienced third-party professionals with whom management has regularly consulted with respect to accounting issues. Management intends to continue to further consult with such professionals in connection with accounting matters. Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting In the course of preparing our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the period ended March 31, 2022, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to the evaluation of complex financial instruments, including earnings per share. The material weaknesses have not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex instruments issued by the Company was not effectively designed or maintained. To remediate the above material weaknesses, we intend to develop a remediation plan with assistance from our accounting advisors and have dedicated significant resources and efforts to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents, increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications, and the hiring of additional full-time personnel to implement the appropriate controls. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. We do not believe that the remediation of these material weaknesses will result in significant incremental cost. However, another significant financial reporting failure or material weakness in internal control over financial reporting could result in substantial cost to remediate and could cause a loss of investor confidence and decline in the market price of our stock. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate controls over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. As required by Rule 13a-15(c) promulgated under the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Certifying Officers, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s assessment was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on management s assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described above. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 covered by this report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Management The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our employees, officers and directors. A current copy of the code will be posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website, which will be located at www.paxmedica.com. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our code of business conduct and ethics, or waivers of such provisions applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and our directors, on our website identified above or in filings with the SEC. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. (b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of PaxMedica, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 10 to Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 3.2 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of PaxMedica, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2022). 3.3 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock of PaxMedica, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 10 to Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of PaxMedica, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2022). 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities. 4.2 Specimen Certificate representing shares of common stock of PaxMedica, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 4.3 Form of 2022 Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 4.4 Form of Representative Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 4.5 Form of 2020 Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 4.6 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 6, 2023, issued by PaxMedica, Inc. to Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 4.7 Warrant, dated February 6, 2023, issued by PaxMedica, Inc. to Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 10.1 PaxMedica, Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by PaxMedica, Inc. with its Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 file on August 8, 2022) 10.3 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award under the Amended and Restated 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 10.4 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award under the Amended and Restated 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.6 Form of 2022 Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.7 Form of 2022 Convertible Promissory Note Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.8 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022). 10.9 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022). 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2022, between the Company and Stephen D. Sheldon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022). 10.11 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2023, between the Company and Howard J. Weisman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023). 10.12 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2023, between PaxMedica, Inc. and Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 10.13 Security Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, between PaxMedica, Inc. and Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 10.14 Letter Agreement between PaxMedica, Inc. and Zachary Rome, dated June 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.15 Letter Agreement between PaxMedica, Inc. and Michael Derby, dated June 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.16 Rent and Administrative Services Agreement between PaxMedica, Inc. and TardiMed LLC, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.17 Patient Records License Agreement between Purinix Pharmaceuticals LLC and Lwala Hospital, dated November 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.18 Patient Records License Agreement between Purinix Pharmaceuticals LLC and Ministry of Health, Republic of Malawi, dated October 10, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.19 Master Services Agreement between Purinix Pharmaceuticals LLC and CRO Consulting (Pty) Limited, dated May 25, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 10.20 Amendment to Rent and Administrative Services Agreement between PaxMedica, Inc. and TardiMed LLC, dated November 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 10.21 Letter Agreement between PaxMedica, Inc. and Howard J. Weisman, dated March 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 8, 2022). 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted because the omitted information is (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. None. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 29, 2023 PAXMEDICA, INC. By: /s/ Howard J. Weisman Howard J. Weisman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 29, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen Sheldon Stephen Sheldon Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officers and/or directors of the Registrant, by virtue of their signatures to this report, appearing below, hereby constitute and appoint Howard J. Weisman and Stephen Sheldon, or any one of them, with full power of substitution, as attorneys-in-fact in their names, places and steads to execute any and all amendments to this report in the capacities set forth opposite their names and hereby ratify all that said attorneys-in-fact do by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Howard J. Weisman Howard J. Weisman Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer March 29, 2023 /s/ Stephen D. Sheldon Stephen D. Sheldon Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 29, 2023 /s/ Zachary Rome Zachary Rome Chief Operating Officer and Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Michael Derby Michael Derby Executive Chairman and Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Karen LaRochelle Karen LaRochelle Director March 29, 2023 /s/ John F. Coelho John F. Coelho Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Charles J. Casamento Charles J. Casamento Director March 29, 2023 
 77 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 pxmd-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of the date of our annual report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, our only class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As used below, the terms PaxMedica, our company, we, us and our refer to PaxMedica, Inc. Description of Common Stock Set forth below is a summary description of the material terms of our common stock, which does not purport to be complete. For more information, please see our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws, as amended and restated (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). We encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the DGCL for additional information. General Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 210,000,000 shares of capital consisting of 200,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share. Common Stock Holders of our common stock are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. The shares of common stock are neither redeemable nor convertible. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or subscription rights to purchase any of our securities. Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each such share outstanding in the holder s name. No holder of common stock is entitled to cumulate votes in voting for directors. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive pro rata our assets, which are legally available for distribution, after payments of all debts and other liabilities. All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The shares of common stock offered by this prospectus will also be fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred Stock Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series and to fix the designations, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, without further vote or action by the stockholders. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such class or series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action. Series X Preferred Stock In August 2022, a series of our preferred stock was designated as Series X Preferred Stock, consisting of 500,000 designated shares. As of December 31, 2022, 45,568 shares of Series X preferred stock were outstanding, with an aggregate stated value of 4,556,800. Holders of Series X Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive dividends with respect to their shares of Series X Preferred Stock. The Series X Preferred Stock has no voting rights, other than the right to vote with respect to any amendment of the Certificate of Designations and with respect to any other adverse change to the voting or other powers, preferences, rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series X Preferred Stock contained in the Certificate of Designations. The Certificate of Designations contains beneficial ownership restrictions that restrict the conversion of shares of Series X Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. 

 Warrants In connection with the October 2020 Notes, we also issued an aggregate of 1,034,176 warrants to purchase shares of common stock, which are exercisable at an exercise price of 3.00. In connection with the 2022 Notes, we also issued an aggregate of 195,140 warrants to purchase shares of common stock, which are exercisable at an exercise price of 4.20. In connection with the Lind Note (as defined below), we also issued to Lind a common stock purchase warrant (the Lind Warrant to acquire 800,000 shares of our common stock until February 6, 2027 at an exercise price of 3.25 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Representative s Warrants In connection with our initial public offering, we issued to Craft Capital Management LLC Craft and R.F. Lafferty Co., Inc. Lafferty and, together with Craft, the Representatives warrants to purchase up to a total of 108,181 shares of common stock (7 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, excluding the over-allotment option) (the Representative s Warrants ). The Representative s Warrants are exercisable at any time, and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the four and a half-year period commencing six months from the closing date of our initial public offering, and expiring four and a half years thereafter in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G). The Representative s Warrants are exercisable at a per share price equal to 125 of the price per share as of our initial public offering. The Representative s Warrants are subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA. The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the Representative s Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary cash dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In January 2023, we issued additional Representative s Warrants to purchase up to a total of 30,000 shares of our common stock. The warrants are exercisable at a per share price equal to 3.00. In March 2023, we issued additional Representative s Warrants to purchase up to a total of 112,000 shares of our common stock. The warrants are exercisable at a per share price equal to 3.50. The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary cash dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. 2022 Convertible Promissory Notes Between April and July 2022, we issued the 2022 Notes in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 1.5 million with an interest rate of 10 per annum. The 2022 Notes mature 12 months from the date of issuance and are convertible at a conversion price equal to 4.20 per share. The 2022 Notes are subject to customary events of default, including, but not limited to, our failure to issue the shares issuable upon conversion of the 2022 Notes upon exercise of a holder s conversion rights under the 2022 Notes, pay the principal or interest on the 2022 Notes when due, our liquidation, and our default or breach of any other financial instrument. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the principal amount is accelerated and any accrued but unpaid interest thereon is multiplied by 120 , which the holder may determine to accept in common stock, cash, or any combination thereof. Lind Transaction On February 2, 2023, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement with Lind Global Fund II LP, a Delaware limited partnership Lind ), we issued to Lind a secured, 18-month, interest free convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 3,680,000 (the Lind Note and a common stock purchase warrant (the Lind Warrant to acquire 800,000 shares of our common stock until February 6, 2027 at an exercise price of 3.25 per share, subject to certain adjustments. These shares were not registered under the Securities Act when issued, but we have agreed to file a registration statement with the Commission no later than 90 days from February 2, 2023, covering the resale of all of our shares of common stock issuable to Lind pursuant to the Lind Note and the Lind Warrant. The Lind Note contains certain negative covenants, including restricting us from certain distributions, loans, issuance or future priced securities and sale of assets. Upon the occurrence of an event of default as described in the Lind Note, the Lind Note will become immediately due and payable at a default interest rate of 110 of the then outstanding principal amount of the Note. Events of default include, but are not 

 limited to, a default in the payment of the principal amount or any accrued and unpaid interest under the Lind Note, failure to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or agreement contained in the Lind Note or any transaction documents, a change of control, a default in any indebtedness in excess of 250,000, our failure to instruct our transfer agent to issue unlegended certificates, the shares no longer publicly being traded, if after August 7, 2023 the shares are not available for immediate resale under Rule 144 and the Company s market capitalization is below 10 million for 10 days. Upon an event of default, Lind can demand that all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount be converted into shares of common stock at the lower of the conversion price and 80 of the average of the three lowest daily VWAPs. Registration rights The securities purchase agreement pursuant to which we issued the 2022 Convertible Notes and 2022 Warrants grants the purchasers certain registration rights in respect of the registrable securities held by them, which securities include the shares of our common stock issued upon the conversion of the 2022 Convertible Notes and 2022 Warrants. The registration of shares of our common stock pursuant to the exercise of these registration rights would enable the holders thereof to sell such shares without restriction under the Securities Act when the applicable registration statement is declared effective. If Rule 144 is not available to the holders of registrable shares under the securities purchase agreement for the 2022 Convertible Notes and 2022 Warrants, we are required to file a resale registration statement six months after the issuance of the 2022 Convertible Notes covering those registrable shares and any holder of registrable shares may require us to file a resale registration statement covering their registrable shares at any time. The holders of registrable securities are also entitled to certain piggyback registration rights allowing them to include their registrable securities in any registration of securities under the Securities Act, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act other than with respect to a demand registration or a registration statement on S-8, these holders are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right to include their registrable securities in the registration subject to certain limitations. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park, Lincoln Park was granted registration rights related to the shares of Common Stock that have been or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement (collectively, the LP Registrable Securities ). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, we are obligated to prepare and file a registration statement covering the resale of the LP Registrable Securities by Lincoln Park with the Commission within 20 business days of entering the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park. The registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part has satisfied this obligation. Anti-Takeover Provisions The provisions of Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws described below may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for: classifying our board of directors into three classes; authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval; limiting the removal of directors by the stockholders; requiring a supermajority vote of stockholders to amend our Bylaws or certain provisions our Certificate of Incorporation; prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; eliminating the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; and establishing Delaware as the exclusive jurisdiction for certain stockholder litigation against us. Section 203 of the DGCL We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. In general, Section 203 defines business combination to include the following: any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loss, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. Potential Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock We have shares of common stock and preferred stock available for future issuance without stockholder approval. We may utilize these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to facilitate corporate acquisitions or payment as a dividend on the capital stock. The existence of unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock may enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management or to issue preferred stock with terms that could render more difficult or discourage a third-party attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, thereby protecting the continuity of our management. In addition, the board of directors has the discretion to determine designations, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences of each series of preferred stock, all to the fullest extent permissible under the DGCL and subject to any limitations set forth in our Certificate of Incorporation. The purpose of authorizing the board of directors to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences applicable to such preferred stock is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or could discourage a third-party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. Choice of Forum Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company or the Company s stockholders, creditors or constituents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to, or a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company, with respect to the interpretation or application of any provision of, the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, in each of the aforementioned actions, any claims to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines it lacks jurisdiction. This provision will not apply to claims arising under the Exchange Act, or for any other federal securities laws which provide for exclusive federal jurisdiction. However, the exclusive forum provision provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Therefore, this provision could apply to a suit that falls within one or more of the categories enumerated in the exclusive forum 

 provision and that asserts claims under the Securities Act, inasmuch as Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such an exclusive forum provision with respect to claims under the Securities Act. We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Limitations on Liability and Indemnification Matters The Bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. We intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that may, in some cases, be broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained under Delaware law. Further, we intend to indemnify each of our directors and executive officers against certain liabilities, costs and expenses, and to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our directors and executive officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under certain circumstances. In addition, as permitted by Delaware law, the Charter includes provisions that eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages resulting from breaches of certain fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of this provision is to restrict our rights and the rights of our stockholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duties as a director. These provisions may be held not to be enforceable for violations of the federal securities laws of the United States. Listing Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol PXMD. Transfer Agent and Registrar Our transfer agent is Computershare Trust N.A. The transfer agent s address is 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, NY 1010, and its telephone number is (212) 805-7100. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 pxmd-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of PaxMedica, Inc. on Form S-1 [File No. 333-268882] and Form S-8 [File No. 267189] of our report dated March 29, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the financial statements of PaxMedica, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PaxMedica, Inc. or the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP New York, NY March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pxmd-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Howard J. Weisman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of PaxMedica, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 By: /s/ Howard J. Weisman Howard J. Weisman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pxmd-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Stephen D. Sheldon, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of PaxMedica, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen D. Sheldon Stephen D. Sheldon Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pxmd-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of PaxMedica, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Howard J. Weisman, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Howard J. Weisman Name: Howard J. Weisman Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 pxmd-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of PaxMedica, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen D. Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Stephen D. Sheldon Name: Stephen D. Sheldon Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 pxmd-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 pxmd-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 pxmd-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 pxmd-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 pxmd-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

