<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1409171_0001409171-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11874954</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>297601</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2269650</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4375322</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2505836</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2202257</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001409171-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330170834
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001409171-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Titan Machinery Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409171
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				450357838
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33866
		FILM NUMBER:		23781643

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		644 EAST BEATON DRIVE
		CITY:			WEST FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58078
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(701) 356-0130

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		644 EAST BEATON DRIVE
		CITY:			WEST FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58078

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001409171-23-000011.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 titn-20230131.htm
 10-K

titn-20230131 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 ___________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2023 OR 
 TRANSITION REP ORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File No. 
 ___________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ___________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o x 
 Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 
 The aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates as of July 31, 2022 was approximately million (based on the last sale price of 28.13 per share on such date as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market). 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock as of March 24, 2023 was shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the proxy statement for the registrant's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III of this report. 

Table of Conten ts 

 Table of Contents Page No. PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 24 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 84 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 84 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 84 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 84 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 84 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 84 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 85 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 85 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 85 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 90 

i 

Table of Conten ts 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Our Company 
 Titan Machinery Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Titan Machinery," the "Company," "we," or "our") own and operate a network of full service agricultural and construction equipment stores in the United States and Europe. We have been an authorized dealer of CNH Industrial N.V. or its U.S. subsidiaries (collectively referred to in this Form 10-K as "CNH Industrial") since our inception in 1980. CNH Industrial is a leading manufacturer and supplier of agricultural and construction equipment, which includes the Case IH Agriculture, New Holland Agriculture, Case Construction and New Holland Construction brands. Based upon information provided to us by CNH Industrial, we are the largest retail dealer of Case IH Agriculture equipment in the world, one of the largest retail dealers of Case Construction equipment in North America and one of the largest retail dealers of New Holland Agriculture and New Holland Construction equipment in the United States. In addition to the CNH Industrial brands, we sell and service equipment made by a variety of other manufacturers. 
 We operate our business in three reportable segments, Agriculture, Construction and International, within which we engage in four principal business activities: 
 new and used equipment sales; 
 parts sales; 
 equipment repair and maintenance services; and 
 equipment rental and other activities. 
 We offer our customers a one-stop solution by providing equipment and parts sales, equipment repair and maintenance services, and rental functions in each store. Our full service approach provides us with multiple points of customer contact and cross-selling opportunities. We believe our mix of equipment sales and recurring parts and service sales, as well as our geographic footprint, provide us with diversification, lowering our overall exposure to adverse economic cycles that affect particular geographic markets or segments. We also believe our scale, customer service, diverse and stable customer base, centralized resources, and experienced management team provide us with a competitive advantage in many of our local markets. 
 Throughout our 42-year operating history, we have built an extensive network of 86 stores in the United States and 35 stores in Europe. Our Agriculture stores in the U.S. are located in Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming and include several highly productive farming regions, such as the Red River Valley in eastern North Dakota and northwestern Minnesota, portions of the corn belt in Iowa, eastern South Dakota and southern Minnesota, along the I-80 corridor in Nebraska, which sits on top of the Ogallala Aquifer, and the Snake River Valley in eastern Idaho. Our Construction stores are located in Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. Our international stores are located in the European countries of Bulgaria, Germany, Romania, and Ukraine. 
 We have a history of growth through acquisitions. Those acquisitions vary from a single dealership to larger dealership groups with locations in multiple states. Since January 1, 2003, we have completed over 55 acquisitions located in 15 U.S. states and four European countries, along with establishing a new network of dealership stores in Ukraine. We believe that there will continue to be opportunities for dealership consolidation in the future, and we expect that acquisitions will continue to be a component of our long-term growth strategy. 
 Products and Services 
 Within each of our segments, we have four principal sources of revenue: new and used equipment sales, parts sales, equipment repair and maintenance services, and equipment rental and other business activities. 
 New and Used Equipment Sales 
 We sell new agricultural and construction equipment manufactured under the CNH Industrial family of brands as well as equipment from a variety of other manufacturers. The used equipment we sell is primarily acquired through trade-ins from our customers. The agricultural equipment we sell and service includes machinery and attachments for uses ranging from large-scale commercial farming to home and garden purposes. The construction equipment we sell and service includes heavy construction machinery, light industrial machinery for commercial and residential construction, and road and highway construction machinery. Equipment sales generate cross-selling opportunities by populating our markets with equipment in 
 1 

Table of Conten ts 

 need of service and parts. Equipment revenue represented 77.5 , 75.4 and 72.0 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Parts Sales 
 We maintain an extensive in-house parts inventory to provide timely parts and repair and maintenance support to our customers. Our parts sales provide a relatively stable revenue stream that is less sensitive to economic cycles than our equipment sales. Parts revenue represented 14.8 , 15.6 and 17.3 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Equipment Repair and Maintenance Services 
 We provide repair and maintenance services, including warranty repairs, for our customers' equipment. All of our stores have service shops staffed by trained service technicians. In addition, our technicians are able to make off-site repairs at customer locations. We provide proactive and comprehensive customer service by maintaining service histories for each piece of equipment owned by our customers, maintaining 24/7 service hours in times of peak equipment usage, providing on-site repair services, scheduling off-season maintenance activities with customers, notifying customers of periodic service requirements and providing training programs to customers in order to educate them on standard maintenance requirements. Our after-market repair and maintenance services have historically provided a high-margin, relatively stable source of revenue through changing economic cycles. Service revenue represented 5.9 , 6.8 and 7.6 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Equipment Rental and Other Business Activities 
 We rent equipment to our customers, primarily in the Construction segment, for periods ranging from a few days to seasonal rentals. We actively manage the size, quality, age and composition of our rental fleet and closely monitor and analyze customer demand and rate trends. We service our fleet through our on-site parts and services team and market our rental equipment through our retail sales force. Our rental activities create cross-selling opportunities in equipment sales, including rent-to-own purchase options on our non-fleet rentals. 
 We provide ancillary equipment support activities such as equipment transportation, Global Positioning System ("GPS") signal subscriptions and other precision farming products, farm data management products, and CNH Industrial finance and insurance products. 
 Equipment rental and other revenue represented 1.8 , 2.2 and 3.1 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Industry Overview 
 Agricultural Equipment Industry 
 Agricultural equipment is purchased primarily by commercial farmers and cooperatives for the production of crops used for food, fiber, feed grain and feedstock for renewable energy. Agricultural equipment is also purchased by "life-style farmers" and for home and garden applications, and for maintenance of commercial, residential and government properties. Deere Company ("Deere"), CNH Industrial, AGCO Corporation ("AGCO"), and Kubota Corporation ("Kubota"), are the largest global manufacturers of agricultural equipment, and they each manufacture a full line of equipment and parts that supply the primary machinery requirements of farmers. In addition to the major manufacturers, several short-line manufacturers produce specialized equipment that satisfies various niche requirements of farmers. Agricultural equipment manufacturers typically grant dealers in the United States defined sales and marketing territories with designated store locations to distribute their products. 
 We believe there are many factors that influence demand for agricultural equipment, parts, and repair and maintenance services, including net farm income, commodity markets, production yields, tariffs and trade policies, interest rates, government policies, European Union subvention funds and individual European country subsidies, tax policies, local growing conditions, and general economic conditions. Any of these conditions can change materially in a short time period, creating volatility in demand for our products and services. U.S federal legislation, such as the Farm Bill, attempts to stabilize the agriculture industry through various policies including (i) commodity programs consisting of direct, counter-cyclical and price support payments to farmers; (ii) conservation programs; (iii) crop insurance programs; and (iv) disaster relief programs. In recent years, the U.S. federal government has furnished market facilitation program payments to farmers or ranchers to compensate for the adverse impact of trade policies, along with payments under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act, which payments have assisted our customers. We believe that these various federal policies reduce financial volatility in the agriculture industry and assist farmers in continuing to operate their farms during economic down cycles and through the adverse headwinds caused by trade policies and tariffs. 
 2 

Table of Conten ts 

 Construction Equipment Industry 
 Construction equipment is purchased primarily for use in commercial, residential and infrastructure construction, as well as for agriculture, demolition, energy production and forestry operations. Caterpillar, Inc., Deere, Komatsu Ltd., the Volvo Group, Terex Corporation, Doosan, and CNH Industrial are some of the largest global manufacturers of construction and industrial equipment. The market for construction equipment is segmented across multiple categories including earth moving, lifting, light industrial, asphalt and paving, and concrete and aggregate equipment. As with agricultural equipment, distribution of construction equipment in the United States is accomplished primarily through manufacturer authorized dealers. 
 CNH Industrial and industry reports show that demand for construction equipment in our markets is driven by several factors, including (i) public spending on roads, highways, sewer and water projects, and other public works projects; (ii) public and private expenditures for the energy industries, which are driven in part by demand for fossil fuels, metals and other commodities; (iii) business conditions in the agriculture industry; and (iv) general economic and market conditions of the construction sector for residential and commercial buildings. 
 Business Strengths 
 We believe the following attributes are important factors in our ability to compete effectively and to achieve our long-term financial objectives: 
 Centralized Inventory Management 
 We believe our significant scale enables us to centrally manage our inventory, permitting us to more effectively manage inventory levels at each store while still providing a significant breadth of equipment and parts inventories to our customers throughout our footprint. Moreover, our floorplan financing capacity enables us to opportunistically purchase and carry inventory to satisfy market demands. 
 Superior Customer Service at the Local Level 
 Our centralization of numerous administrative functions better positions our employees in the field to focus on customer service. We believe that the following capabilities enable us to better service our customers: 
 our ability to staff a large number of highly-trained service technicians across our network of stores, which makes it possible to schedule repair services on short notice without affecting our technician utilization rates; 
 our ability to staff and leverage product and application specialists across our network of stores, which makes it possible to offer valuable pre-sale and aftermarket services, including equipment training, best practices education and precision farming technology support; and 
 our ability to innovate and lead our industry through initiatives such as precision farming and farm data management products and services, which provide our customers with the latest advances in technology and operating practices. 
 We spend significant time and resources training our employees to effectively service our customers in each of our local markets. Our training program involves active participation in all manufacturer-sponsored training programs, the use of industry experts for customized training programs, and a centralized training team to assist in training programs and the integration of newly-acquired dealerships. We also partner with several technical colleges to offer scholarships and sponsor students who we plan to eventually employ as service technicians. 
 Ability to Act on Acquisition Opportunities 
 We believe that our experienced management team and access to capital enables us to be opportunistic in responding to accretive growth opportunities, primarily arising from the continued consolidation of the equipment dealer network. 
 Professional Centralized Marketing Systems 
 Our centralized shared resource group includes a professional marketing team that supports all aspects of brand and solution awareness, customer analytics and targeting, and lead generation through multichannel campaigns that typically incorporate digital marketing (email, website, search, social and syndication), direct mail, and regional and local advertising and sponsorships. Our marketing functions also drive increased customer engagement and loyalty through participation in trade shows and industry events and communication and coordination for local store open houses, service clinics, equipment demonstrations, product showcases and customer appreciation outings. 
 3 

Table of Conten ts 

 Ability to Attract and Retain Superior Employees 
 We recognize that attracting and retaining talented employees is essential to achieving outstanding company performance. We strive to develop our employees through a structured training program and to invest in our employees' development. In addition, we have robust compensation tools that allow us to react to rapidly changing market conditions and reward employees for high performance. We believe that our efforts in these areas will enable us to attract and retain superior employees necessary for us to be successful in our industry. See "Human Capital". 
 Diverse and Stable Customer Base Reduces Market Risk 
 Our large geographic footprint covering thirteen U.S. states and four European countries provides a diversified customer base. We believe that this diverse customer base reduces the potential impact of risks associated with customer concentration and fluctuations in local market conditions. During fiscal 2023, none of our customers accounted for more than 1.0 of our total revenue. Revenue from customers located outside of the United States is primarily included in our International segment, which represented 13.5 , 18.6 and 15.5 of total consolidated revenue during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, our large geographic footprint enables us to capitalize on crop diversification and disparate weather conditions in growing regions, as well as local trends in residential, infrastructure and commercial construction. 
 Experienced Management Team 
 Our executive team is led by David Meyer, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, who has over 40 years of industry experience. Bryan Knutson, our President and Chief Operating Officer, has over 20 years of industry experience ranging from equipment sales to his current executive positions. Robert Larsen, Chief Financial Officer, also brings 14 years of industry and other finance leadership experience having worked at CNH Industrial, Raven Industries, and PricewaterhouseCoopers prior to joining the Company. Our other executive team members, managers in the field, and equipment sales consultants also have extensive knowledge and experience in our industry. We compensate, develop and review our managers and sales employees based on an approach that aligns their incentives with the goals and objectives of our Company, including achievement of revenue, profitability, market share and balance sheet objectives. We believe the strength of our management team assists to improve our success in the marketplace. 
 Growth Strategy 
 We pursue the following growth strategies: 
 Increasing Same-Store Sales and Market Share 
 Increasing same-store sales and market share are among our top priorities. This type of growth both enhances our current period revenue and increases our potential future revenue during the life of the sold equipment as a result of the potential for recurring parts and service business. We seek to generate growth in same-store sales and market share through the following: 
 employing significant marketing and advertising programs, including targeted direct mailings, internet based marketing, advertising with targeted local media outlets, participation in and sponsorship of trade shows and industry events, our Titan Trader semi-annual magazine, and by hosting open houses, service clinics, equipment demonstrations, product showcases and customer appreciation outings; 
 supporting and providing customers with training on evolving technologies, such as precision farming and farm data management, which can be difficult for small dealers to support; 
 maintaining state-of-the-art service facilities, mobile service trucks and trained service technicians to maximize our customers' equipment uptime through preventative maintenance programs and seasonal 24/7 service support; and 
 centrally managing our inventory to optimize the availability of equipment and parts for our customers. 
 Strategic Acquisitions 
 Since January 1, 2003, we have completed over 55 acquisitions located in 15 U.S. states and four European countries. In addition, we have added dealership locations in Ukraine through new start-up operations. The agricultural and construction equipment dealership industries are fragmented and consist of many relatively small, independent businesses serving discrete local markets. We believe a favorable climate for dealership consolidation will continue to exist in the future due to several factors, including the competitiveness of our industry, increased dealer capitalization requirements, increased sophistication and complexity of equipment and related technologies, increased expectations from our customers and our equipment suppliers, and the lack of succession alternatives for many current owners. We intend to pursue acquisitions with the objectives of 
 4 

Table of Conten ts 

 consolidating distribution within our existing footprint, entering new markets, and strengthening our competitive position. We expect that strategic acquisitions will continue to be a component of our long-term growth strategy. 
 We regularly assess the acquisition landscape, evaluating potential acquisitions in terms of availability and alignment to our long-term growth strategy. Typically, in an acquisition, we have acquired only the working capital and fixed assets that we believe are necessary to run an efficient store, and we do not generally assume any indebtedness. On occasion, we have acquired all of the outstanding equity of a company. Acquisitions are typically financed with available cash balances, floorplan payable line of credit capacity, and long-term debt. 
 The consent of CNH Industrial is required to acquire any CNH Industrial dealership. Additionally, the consent of our lender group, consisting of a number of national and regional banks (the "Bank Syndicate"), is required for acquisitions meeting certain thresholds or other criteria as defined in our credit agreement. 
 Suppliers 
 CNH Industrial Case IH Agriculture, Case Construction, New Holland Agriculture and New Holland Construction 
 CNH Industrial is a publicly-traded, global leader in the agricultural and construction equipment industries. In 2022, CNH Industrial generated 21.5 billion in revenue from its equipment operations. CNH Industrial is the world's second largest manufacturer of agricultural equipment, manufacturing the Case IH Agriculture and New Holland Agriculture brands of equipment. Case IH Agriculture, recognized by the red color of its equipment, possesses over 170 years of farm equipment heritage. New Holland Agriculture, recognized by the blue color of its tractors and the yellow color of its harvesting and hay equipment, has over 120 years of farm equipment industry experience. The Case Construction and New Holland Construction brands are also owned and operated by CNH Industrial. 
 In fiscal 2023, CNH Industrial supplied approximately 76 of the new equipment sold in our Agriculture segment, 76 of the new equipment sold in our Construction segment, and 60 of the new equipment sold in our International segment. In addition, CNH Industrial provides financing and insurance products and services to our end-user customers through its affiliate CNH Industrial Capital America, LLC ("CNH Industrial Capital"). 
 Our relationship with CNH Industrial is more than a typical supply relationship; it is strategic for both our Company and CNH Industrial. In that regard, we believe that it is in each company's interest to maintain and develop the longstanding strong relationship we share. 
 Dealership Agreements 
 We have entered into separate dealership agreements with CNH Industrial to sell and service the Case IH Agriculture, New Holland Agriculture, Case Construction and New Holland Construction brands (collectively the CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements ). Separate CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements exist for each of our North American stores or store complexes, and for each of the European countries in which we operate. The structure of the North American and European agreements are very similar. Except as noted, the following discussion describes each of the North American CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements. 
 Our Case IH commercial sprayer application distribution rights, related to our Heartland acquisition, were granted to us by CNH Industrial at the time of the closing of the Heartland transaction. For our full-line distribution footprint existing as of the time of closing, these distribution rights were granted through amendments to our full-line dealer agreements that added floaters and sprayers as authorized products permitted to be sold to commercial application customers. For those Heartland territories outside of our full-line dealership territory existing as of the time of closing, we entered into new Case IH dealer agreements granting us distribution rights to sell floaters and sprayers to commercial application customers for those territories. For purposes of this Form 10-K, the granted distribution rights for the commercial application sprayers and floaters in territories outside of Titan s full-line footprint as of the date of closing of the Heartland transaction are referred to as the Non-Footprint Commercial Application Distribution Rights . 
 Each of the CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements assigns to us a geographically defined area of primary responsibility, providing us with distribution and product support rights within the identified territory for specific equipment products. Although the dealer appointment is non-exclusive, in each territory there is typically only one dealer responsible for retail sales to end-users and for after-sales product support of the equipment. If we sell certain CNH Industrial construction equipment outside of our designated sales and service areas, CNH Industrial has the right to require that we pay sales and service fees for purposes of compensating the dealer assigned to such territory. We are authorized to display and use CNH Industrial trademarks and trade names at our stores, with certain restrictions. 
 Under our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements, we have both the right and obligation to sell CNH Industrial equipment and related parts and products and to provide customers with repair services. The CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements impose 
 5 

Table of Conten ts 

 various dealer standards on us regarding the location and appearance of facilities, satisfactory levels of new equipment and parts inventories, the training of personnel, adequate business enterprise and information technology systems, adequate working capital, a maximum adjusted debt to tangible net worth ratio, development of annual sales and marketing goals, and furnishing of monthly and annual financial information to CNH Industrial. We must obtain the approval or consent of CNH Industrial in the event of proposed fundamental changes to our ownership, governance or business structure (defined as "change in control" events) including, among other things, (i) a merger, consolidation or reorganization, unless securities representing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the successor corporation are immediately owned, directly or indirectly, by persons that owned our securities prior to the transaction; (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets; (iii) any transaction or series of transactions resulting in a person or affiliated group acquiring 30 or more of the combined voting power of our securities or, in the case of a competitor of CNH Industrial, acquiring 20 or more of the combined voting power of our securities; (iv) a substantial disposition of shares of our common stock by certain named executives; (v) certain significant changes in the composition of our Board of Directors; and (vi) replacement of our Chief Executive Officer. The CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements do not establish mandatory minimum or maximum retail pricing for our equipment, parts, or service offerings. 
 The Case IH Agricultural dealership agreement and the Case Construction dealership agreement have fixed terms expiring on December 31, 2027, and renew automatically for successive 5-year terms unless either party notifies the other party of its intention not to renew or otherwise exercises its termination rights under the agreement. The New Holland dealership agreement is a 12-month agreement, with automatic 1-year renewals unless either party notifies the other party of its intention not to renew or otherwise exercises its termination rights under the agreement. The Non-Footprint Commercial Application Distribution Rights expire on August 1, 2030, at which time these distribution rights are ceded back to Case IH, unless the term therefor is further extended by the parties. 
 If we seek to sell our commercial sprayer application business or any portion thereof related to the Non-Footprint Commercial Application Distribution Rights prior to the expiration date of August 1, 2030 (or such later date as agreed to by the parties), then we are required to pay to CNH Industrial the sales consideration paid by such buyer for the applicable commercial application distribution rights; provided, that Titan will receive sales consideration from the buyer in an amount not less than the fair value of the facilities, fixed assets, current assets, and other investments applicable to the location and market being sold. If Titan acquires a Case IH full-line dealer within any of the territories in which Titan then possesses the Non-Footprint Commercial Application Distribution Rights, as part of its approval process, Case IH may require Titan to pay an agreed upon amount for the inclusion of the commercial application sprayer distribution rights in the new dealer agreement for the acquired location. 
 CNH Industrial has the right to terminate its dealer agreements with us immediately in certain circumstances, including in the event of (i) our insolvency or bankruptcy, (ii) a material breach by us of the provisions of a CNH Industrial Dealer Agreement or (iii) our failure to secure the consent of CNH Industrial prior to the occurrence of a change in control event. The CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements governing Case Construction equipment grant CNH Industrial the right to terminate these CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements for any reason upon 120 days prior written notice. In addition, we have the right to terminate any of the CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements at any time, with or without cause, upon 60 days prior written notice. Subject to protections provided under state dealer protection laws, in the event that CNH Industrial offers a new dealer agreement or an amendment to the existing CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements to all authorized CNH Industrial dealers located in the state, CNH Industrial is permitted to terminate our existing CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements for stores located in that state upon at least 180 days prior written notice if we refuse or otherwise fail to enter into such new agreements or amendments. In addition, to the extent CNH Industrial determines that we are not meeting our obligations under the CNH Industrial Dealer Agreement with respect to a particular product, CNH Industrial may, upon 60 days prior written notice to us, remove such product from the authorized product list allowed to be sold or serviced by us. In the event of termination of any of the CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements, CNH Industrial is obligated to repurchase the inventory of the CNH Industrial brand applicable to the agreement being terminated. The CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements generally do not include non-compete provisions that apply during or after the term of such agreements or limit our operations apart from our designated CNH Industrial dealership store locations. Our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements for Case Construction equipment, absent consent of CNH Industrial, restrict our ability to sell competing products (new equipment and parts) of other manufacturers at our Case dealership store locations during the term of such agreements. Our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements require us to operate any material business activities not related to sales of CNH Industrial products or services to customers in agricultural, construction, industrial or similar markets separately from our CNH Industrial dealership business. 
 CNH Industrial and other equipment suppliers frequently provide to its dealers interest free financing on equipment purchases. The interest free periods are for varying terms but generally less than 6 months. After the supplier's interest free floorplan expires, for any equipment that has not already been sold at retail, we typically pay off the supplier's financing with cash or through one of our lower interest rate floorplan credit facilities. Generally, payment for parts purchased from CNH Industrial entities is due within 30 days. CNH Industrial makes available to us any floorplan programs, parts return programs, 
 6 

Table of Conten ts 

 sales or incentive programs or similar plans or programs it offers to its other dealers, and provides us with promotional items and marketing materials. 
 The CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements for our European operations, with the exception of Ukraine, grant to us exclusive territories. We are restricted in our ability to sell competing products in our assigned territories. Our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements for our European operations do not have a fixed term. CNH Industrial can terminate these agreements immediately in certain circumstances constituting cause, and for any reason upon 24 months' prior written notice. 
 Other Suppliers 
 In addition to products supplied by CNH Industrial, we sell a variety of new equipment and parts supplied by other manufacturers. These products tend to address specialized niche markets and complement the CNH Industrial products we sell by filling gaps in the CNH Industrial line of products. We believe our offering of products for specialized niche markets supports our goal of being a one-stop solution for our customers' equipment needs at each of our stores. Approximately 27 of our total new equipment sales in fiscal 2023 resulted from sales of products manufactured by companies other than CNH Industrial, with our single largest manufacturer other than CNH Industrial representing approximately 4 of our total new equipment sales during fiscal 2023. The terms of our arrangements with these other suppliers vary, but most of the dealership agreements contain termination provisions allowing the supplier to terminate the agreement after a specified notice period, which is typically 30 days. Payment and financing practices with these other suppliers are similar to those practices described above with respect to CNH Industrial. 
 Customers 
 Our North America agriculture customers vary from small, single machine owners to large farming operations to large commercial application operations, primarily in the states of Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. In fiscal 2023, no single agriculture customer accounted for more than 1.0 of our Agriculture revenue. 
 Our construction customers include a wide range of construction contractors, public utilities, forestry, energy companies, farmers, municipalities and maintenance contractors, primarily in the states of Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. They vary in size from small, single machine owners to large firms. In fiscal 2023, no single construction equipment customer accounted for more than 2.0 of our Construction revenue. 
 Our international customers vary from small, single machine owners to large farming operations, primarily in the European countries of Bulgaria, Germany, Romania, and Ukraine. We also sell Case construction equipment in Bulgaria and Romania. In fiscal 2023, no single international customer accounted for more than 2.0 of our International revenue. 
 Floorplan Payable Financing 
 We attempt to maintain at each store, or have readily available at other stores in our network, sufficient new equipment inventory to satisfy customer demand. Inventory levels fluctuate throughout the year and tend to increase before the primary sales seasons for agricultural equipment. 
 The cost of floorplan payable financing is an important factor affecting our financial results. CNH Industrial Capital offers floorplan payable financing to CNH Industrial dealers to finance the purchase of inventory from CNH Industrial and for used equipment inventory purchased on trade-ins from our customers. CNH Industrial Capital provides this financing in part to enable dealers to carry representative inventories of equipment and encourage the purchase of goods by dealers in advance of seasonal retail demand. CNH Industrial Capital charges variable market rates of interest based on the prime rate on balances outstanding after any interest-free periods and receives a security interest in inventory and other assets. Interest-free periods are generally about four months in duration for both new and used agriculture and construction equipment. As of January 31, 2023, we had a 500.0 million floorplan credit facility with CNH Industrial Capital. 
 In addition to the CNH Industrial Capital floorplan line of credit, as of January 31, 2023, we also had a 185.0 million wholesale floorplan line of credit under the Bank Syndicate Agreement, and a 50.0 million credit facility with DLL Finance LLC that can be used to finance inventory purchases. In addition, we have other lines of credit offered by various financial institutions as well as floorplan payable financing programs offered by manufacturers and suppliers, or their third party lenders, from which we purchase equipment inventory. 

7 

Table of Conten ts 

 Sales and Marketing 
 We currently market our products and services through: 
 our sales employees, who operate out of our network of local stores and call on customers in the markets surrounding each store; 
 our area product support managers, and our store parts managers and service managers, who provide our customers with comprehensive after-market support; 
 our website; 
 local and regional advertising efforts, including broadcast, cable, direct mail, print and web-based media, social media channels; and 
 alternative channels, such as auctions, for selling our aged equipment inventories. 
 Equipment Sales Consultants and Centralized Support 
 Our equipment sales employees (who we refer to as "equipment sales consultants") perform a variety of functions, such as servicing customers at our stores, calling on existing customers, and soliciting new business at farming, construction and industrial sites. We develop customized marketing programs for our sales force by analyzing each customer group for profitability, buying behavior and product selection. All members of our sales force are expected to participate in internal and external manufacturer-sponsored training sessions to develop product and application knowledge, sales techniques and financial acumen. Our shared resources group provides centralized sales and marketing support for our field operations, and coordinates centralized media buys, strategic planning, sales support, training and files for available cooperative advertising reimbursement from our suppliers. In addition, we enable our regional and area managers and their sales teams to develop localized sales and marketing strategies. 
 Parts Managers and Service Managers 
 Our parts sales managers and service managers at our stores are involved in our efforts to market our parts and service offerings, taking advantage of our seasonal marketing campaigns in parts and service sales. Much of our focus on aftermarket campaigns is promoting proactive equipment inspections designed to spot and address mechanical issues before they result in costly downtime. Other proactive aftermarket initiatives include offering extended warranty and equipment maintenance packages with the equipment we sell. These efforts result in improved customer experience and reduced cost of ownership for our customers as well as securing a steady and reliable stream of aftermarket sales. 
 Website 
 Our website is the central hub for all our marketing campaigns. We have built a large amount of content related to the equipment we sell and service, the technology used by our customers in conjunction with the equipment, and information about our Company and what we have to offer prospective employees. Used equipment inventories are one of the most highly trafficked sections of our website, www.titanmachinery.com . Customers can search and view equipment based on type, manufacturer, price and/or store location. Pictures and descriptions of each piece of equipment are displayed, along with the equipment specifications, price and store location. Parts manufactured by the CNH Industrial brands and other suppliers are marketed and can be purchased directly through our website. Other sales and financing programs are also marketed through our website. Customers can view construction rental equipment rates and specifications on the website and submit rental requests by completing a simple form. All external job openings are listed as well as detailed information about our internship program, tech school sponsorships and other student programs. Finally, our website provides dealer locator search functions and provides the contact information for the various departments at each of our stores. 
 Print, Broadcast and Web-Based Advertising Campaigns 
 Each year we initiate several targeted direct mail, print and broadcast advertising and marketing campaigns. CNH Industrial and other suppliers periodically provide us with advertising funds, which we primarily use to promote new equipment, parts and financing programs. We will continue to explore and launch additional sales channels as appropriate, including, for example, additional internet-based efforts. 
 Channels for Selling Aged Equipment Inventory 
 In certain circumstances, we sell aged equipment inventories through the use of alternative channels such as onsite and online auctions. 
 8 

Table of Conten ts 

 Competition 
 The agricultural and construction equipment sales and distribution industries are highly competitive and fragmented, with large numbers of companies operating on a regional or local scale. Our competitors range from multi-location, regional operators to single-location dealers and include dealers and distributors of competing equipment brands, including Deere, Caterpillar, Kubota, and the AGCO brands, as well as other dealers and distributors of the CNH Industrial family of brands. Competition among equipment dealers, whether they offer agricultural or construction products or both, is primarily based on the price, value, reputation, quality and design of the products, technology, customer service including repair and maintenance service provided by the dealer, the availability of equipment and parts, and the accessibility of stores. While we believe we compete favorably on each of these competitive factors, our sales and margins may be impacted by (i) aggressive pricing competition by equipment manufacturers or their dealers, (ii) our ability to obtain higher service margins based on our service quality and reputation, and (iii) our ability to attract new and maintain existing customers based on the availability and quality of the products we offer and our local relationships and reputation. 
 We are one of the established regional-scale agricultural and construction equipment dealers in the United States and Europe. The number of other agricultural and construction equipment dealers operating on a regional scale is limited. Our primary regional-scale competitors include RDO Equipment Co., Butler Machinery Company, Ziegler Inc., Brandt Holdings Co., Wagner Equipment Co., 21st Century Equipment, LLC, AKRS Equipment Solutions, Inc., C B Operations, LLC, and Van Wall Equipment, Inc. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated as a North Dakota corporation in 1980 and reincorporated in Delaware in December 2007 prior to our initial public offering. Our executive offices are located at 644 East Beaton Drive, West Fargo, ND 58078-2648. Our telephone number is (701) 356-0130. We maintain a website at www.titanmachinery.com . We make available, free of charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K (the "Form 10-K"), quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, on our website, www.titanmachinery.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We are not including the information on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Form 10-K.Our SEC filings are also available at www.sec.gov. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We have registered trademarks for certain names and designs used in our business and have trademark applications pending for certain others. We operate each of our stores under the Titan Machinery name. Case IH, Case and New Holland are registered trademarks of CNH Industrial, which we are authorized to use pursuant to the terms of the CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements. We also license trademarks and trade names from other suppliers of equipment to us. 
 Product Warranties 
 Product warranties for new equipment and parts are provided by the original equipment manufacturer ("OEM"). The term and scope of these warranties vary greatly by OEM and by product. At the time equipment is purchased, we also offer customers the option of purchasing extended warranty protection provided by the OEM or through various third-party warranty providers. We are paid by the OEM for repairs we perform on equipment under warranty. We generally sell used equipment "as is" and without OEM warranty unless the original warranty period has not expired and is transferable. We also offer extended warranty programs on certain used equipment through various third-party warranty providers. 
 Seasonality Weather 
 The agricultural and construction equipment businesses are highly seasonal, which causes our quarterly results and our cash flow to fluctuate during the year. Our customers generally purchase and rent equipment in preparation for, or in conjunction with, their busy seasons. For farmers, the busy seasons are spring planting and fall harvesting. For construction customers, the busy season is typically the second and third quarters of our fiscal year for much of our footprint, subject to weather conditions. Our parts and service revenues are typically highest during our customers' busy seasons as well, due to the increased use of their equipment during this time, which generates the need for more parts and service work. Weather conditions impact the timing of our customers' busy times, which may cause our quarterly financial results to differ between fiscal years. In addition, the fourth quarter typically is a significant period for equipment sales in the U.S. because of our customers year-end tax planning considerations, the timing of dealer incentives and the increase in availability of funds from completed harvests and construction projects. 
 Seasonal weather trends, particularly severe wet or dry conditions, can have a significant impact on regional agricultural and construction market performance by affecting crop production yields and the ability to undertake construction 
 9 

Table of Conten ts 

 projects. Weather conditions that adversely affect the agricultural or construction markets would have a negative effect on the demand for our products and services. 
 In addition, numerous external factors such as credit markets, commodity prices, production yields, and other circumstances may disrupt normal purchasing practices and buyer sentiment, further contributing to the seasonal fluctuations. 
 Human Capital 
 We recognize that our success is highly dependent upon the talents and dedication of our employees. As a result, we are committed to attracting, developing and retaining a team of highly talented and motivated employees. 
 Employee Recruitment 
 We strive to attract the best talent from a variety of sources to meet the current and future needs of our business. We have established relationships with multiple high schools, trade schools and colleges across our footprint, which we utilize as a source for entry-level talent. Additionally, we believe it is incumbent upon all of our managers to continuously monitor their local markets for experienced individuals who might be successful additions to our organization. We seek a workforce that reflects the communities in which we operate, and strive to create diverse, equal and inclusive workplaces where our employees have the opportunity to achieve their full potential. 
 Compensation Programs and Employee Benefits 
 We conduct regular assessments of our pay and benefit practices. Our compensation programs are designed to attract, retain, motivate and reward employees who must operate in a highly competitive, fast-paced environment. In general, our compensation programs consist of a base salary or hourly rate, commissions for employees in front-line customer facing sales roles, cash performance bonuses, health and dental insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) plan, paid time off, family leave, an employee assistance program, tuition assistance, and other benefit programs. 
 Training and Development 
 We devote significant resources to staff training and development, including tuition assistance for career-enhancing academic programs. Our training and development programs are designed to facilitate the development and advancement of talent from within our organization to ensure we continuously fill our ranks with qualified employees for critical positions in the organization. Members of our training and development team collaborate with employees from our various operations teams to identify our strategic training needs and prioritize the development of appropriate training content. 
 Employee Engagement and Retention 
 We conduct periodic comprehensive employee engagement surveys designed to measure organizational culture and engagement. The purposes of the surveys are to monitor overall employee engagement, identify actions that can be taken to improve our employee engagement and motivation, and to continuously improve employee retention. Data collected in each employee engagement survey is maintained and used to track our progress. 
 Management continually monitors employee turnover data, which is supplemented with additional data from exit surveys, to assist in determining the reasons for voluntary employee terminations. The turnover rate of our service technicians is also monitored closely by management, as the retention of skilled service technicians is critical to our success. Demand for service technicians across the country is very high, and turnover in this role is also traditionally high for all equipment dealers. 
 Health and Safety 
 Employee health and safety is of paramount importance to us. We strongly believe that a safe work environment will help us gain a competitive advantage, and that doing what is right, honest and ethical is essential to developing trust with our partners. This includes providing a safe place to work, safety training relevant to the employee's position, and following all safety and environmental regulations. We ensure that safety performance data is tracked, aggregated, and reviewed on an ongoing basis across our organization. Our corporate safety team collects data on recordable injury rates, serious injury rates, and near misses from each of our facilities, and engages in a root cause analysis and identifies corrective action to prevent future occurrences. This data is reviewed monthly by the executive leadership team and shared with the Company's Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. 
 We are also interested in improving the health and well-being of our employees. The purpose of our U.S. employee wellness program is to help educate, motivate and reward our employees for maintaining healthy lifestyles. 
 
 10 

Table of Conten ts 

 Performance Management 
 We have developed an employee performance management program that is consistently applied throughout our U.S. operations. The core goal of our performance management process is to develop and maintain a high-performing organization that is positioned to meet our business objectives. Our performance management program focuses on enabling staff employees and their managing supervisors to gain alignment through: 
 a structured annual goal-setting process where managers and associates work collaboratively to develop specific, measurable, achievable, relevant and time bound (SMART) goals that align with our overarching business objectives and our Company values; 
 clear, organization-wide expectations that managers and staff employees monitor progress toward completion of their SMART goals with regular coaching sessions and periodic evaluations; and 
 an annual performance discussion. 
 Commitment to Core Values and Ethical Culture 
 In addition to our focus on performance, our employees are also guided by our corporate core values of: Our People , Integrity , Excellence , and Teamwork. We continue to promote these values from the top down. In addition, we promote a commitment to ethics and compliance among our global workforce through our Code of Ethics and related training programs. 
 Community Engagement 
 As a Company, we believe being good community citizens is critical to our success, and we encourage our employees to be involved in the communities where we operate. We offer paid time off for employees to volunteer their time to community efforts. 
 Employees 
 As of January 31, 2023, we employed 2,700 people on a full-time basis, 2,042 in the U.S. and 658 in Europe, and an additional 186 part-time employees. We do not regularly use independent contractors in our business operations. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages as a result of labor disputes, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Environmental and Other Governmental Regulation 
 We are subject to a wide range of environmental laws and regulations, including those governing discharges into water, air emissions, storage of petroleum substances and chemicals, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, remediation of various types of contamination, and otherwise relating to health, safety and protection of the environment. 
 Our business involves the generation, use, handling, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances and wastes and the use of above ground and underground storage tanks (ASTs and USTs). Operations involving the management of wastes and the use of ASTs and USTs are subject to requirements of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, analogous state statutes, and their implementing regulations. Pursuant to these laws, federal and state environmental agencies have established approved methods for handling, storing, treating, transporting, and disposing of regulated substances and wastes with which we must comply. 
 We also are subject to laws and regulations governing responses to any releases of contamination at or from our facilities or at facilities that receive our hazardous wastes for treatment or disposal. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and similar state statutes, can impose strict and joint and several liability for cleanup costs on those that are considered to have contributed to the release of a "hazardous substance." 
 We also are subject to the Clean Water Act, analogous state statutes, and their implementing regulations which, among other things, prohibit discharges of pollutants into regulated waters without permits, require containment of potential discharges of oil or hazardous substances, and require preparation of spill contingency plans. 
 We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs and capital expenditures to comply with these environmental laws and regulations. We believe that our operations currently are conducted in substantial compliance with all applicable regulations. None of our dealerships have been subject to any material liabilities in the past, nor do we know of any fact or condition that would result in any material liabilities being incurred in the future. 
 In addition to the environmental regulations discussed above, we are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws regulating the conduct of our business, including those relating to sales and marketing, taxation, employment practices, working 
 11 

Table of Conten ts 

 conditions, data privacy, and corruption. The foreign countries and domestic states that we operate in, subject us to a significant number of regulatory jurisdictions. We believe that we are currently in material compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our business operations. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following risks should be considered in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including the risks and uncertainties described in the forward-looking statements, and our financial statements and the related notes appearing under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The following is a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are material to our business. These risks may affect our operating results and, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from past and projected future results. Some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular revenue sources or segments, while others could affect our full business. Although risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should, however, consult any subsequent disclosures we make from time to time in materials filed with the SEC. 
 Risks related to our Reliance on CNH Industrial 
 We are substantially dependent upon CNH Industrial, our primary supplier of equipment and parts inventory. 
 The substantial majority of our business involves the sale and distribution of new equipment and after-market parts supplied by CNH Industrial and the servicing of equipment manufactured by CNH Industrial. In fiscal 2023, CNH Industrial supplied approximately 76 of the new equipment sold in our Agriculture segment, 76 of the new equipment sold in our Construction segment, and 60 of the new equipment sold in our International segment, and supplied a significant portion of our parts inventory. The success of our stores, and our business as a whole, is dependent on CNH Industrial in several key respects. 
 First, we rely on CNH Industrial for new equipment inventory. Our ability to maintain or grow market share is dependent on CNH Industrial s ability to design, manufacture, allocate and deliver to our stores at the right time high quality and desirable products that compare favorably to those of our principal competitors in terms of price, quality, functionality, features, connected and digital solutions, and autonomy. Supply chain issues, labor disputes such as strikes, and labor shortages could diminish the manufacturing output of CNH Industrial's plants, resulting in our stores not receiving inventories in the expected quantities and timelines necessary to satisfy customer demand. Any failure of CNH Industrial to offer competitive products, or delays in bringing strategic new products to market or delivery of ordered products to our stores could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Second, CNH Industrial supports our business by providing financial assistance and marketing support including the following: 
 Floorplan payable financing for the purchase of a substantial portion of our equipment inventory; 
 Retail financing used by many of our customers to purchase CNH Industrial equipment from us; 
 Incentive, financing, and discount programs offered from time to time that enable us to price our products more competitively; and 
 Promotional and marketing activities on national, regional and local levels. 
 Our financial performance is dependent on CNH Industrial's continued commitment to these offerings, at a level that allows us to be competitive in our markets. 
 Third, CNH Industrial provides product warranties and, in some cases, extended warranties to our customers. Our stores perform warranty work for equipment under these product warranties, and we direct bill CNH Industrial as opposed to invoicing the customer. At any particular time, we have significant receivables from CNH Industrial for warranty work performed. CNH Industrial s commitment to its product warranties is important to both our market share success and our warranty related parts and service revenue. 
 CNH Industrial may be adversely impacted by global economic conditions and economic downturns, industry declines, natural disasters, labor strikes or similar disruptions, changes in interest rates, energy prices, inflation, financial performance and liquidity concerns, supply shortages or rising raw materials costs, failed strategic initiatives, or other adverse events. Our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected as a result of any event that has a material adverse effect on CNH Industrial. 
 12 

Table of Conten ts 

 Furthermore, our financial performance and future success are highly dependent on the overall reputation, brand and success of CNH Industrial in the agricultural and construction equipment manufacturing industries, including its ability to maintain a competitive position in product innovation, product quality, and product pricing. 
 The terms of our CNH Industrial dealer agreements subject us to restrictions that may adversely impact our business. 
 We have entered into CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements under which we sell CNH Industrial s branded agricultural and construction equipment, along with after-market parts and repair services. Subject to applicable state statutes that may govern the dealer-manufacturer legal relationship, CNH Industrial may terminate our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements immediately in certain circumstances, following written notice and cure periods for certain breaches of the agreement, and for any reason under our Case Construction agreement following 120 days' prior written notice. If CNH Industrial were to terminate all or any of its CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements with us, our business would be severely harmed. 
 Furthermore, CNH Industrial may unilaterally change its operating practices under the terms of the CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements to, among other things, change or authorize additional dealers in our sales and service areas, change its distribution system to the detriment of its dealers like us, limit our product offerings, and change pricing or delivery terms. If CNH Industrial were to change the terms of our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements or its operating practices in a manner that adversely affects us, our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 Our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements impose obligations and restrictions on us. 
 Under our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements, we are obligated to actively promote the sale of CNH Industrial equipment within our designated geographic areas of responsibility, fulfill the product warranty obligations of CNH Industrial (subject to CNH Industrial s payment to us of the agreed upon reimbursement), maintain adequate facilities and workforce to service the needs of our customers, maintain equipment and parts inventories at the level deemed necessary by CNH Industrial to meet sales goals as stated in the annual business plan mutually agreed upon by us and CNH Industrial, maintain adequate working capital, and maintain stores only in authorized locations. 
 Consent of CNH Industrial is required for certain material changes in our ownership, governance or business structure, including the acquisition by any person or group of persons of 30 or more of our outstanding stock or 20 or more of our outstanding stock if the acquiring person or group is a competitor of CNH Industrial. This requirement may have the effect of discouraging a sale or other change in control of the Company, including transactions that may be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 The acquisition of additional CNH Industrial geographic areas of responsibility and store locations in our Agriculture, Construction and International segments requires the consent of CNH Industrial under our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements. CNH Industrial may decline, in its sole discretion, to consent to any acquisition of an additional CNH Industrial store location we may pursue. If CNH Industrial is unwilling to consent to any future proposed acquisition of additional dealerships, our ability to execute on our acquisition strategy and to grow our business may be impaired. 
 Our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreements require us to operate any material business activities not related to sales of CNH Industrial products or services to customers in agricultural, construction, industrial or similar markets separately from our CNH Industrial dealership business. In addition, our CNH Industrial Dealer Agreement for Case Construction equipment prohibits us from carrying other suppliers' products (new equipment and parts) at our Case Construction stores that are competitive with CNH Industrial's products. These restrictions may discourage or prevent us from pursuing activities that we believe will grow our business. 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions Affecting our Customers' Demand for our Products and Services 
 Our agriculture equipment sales are significantly affected by net farm income, which is influenced by factors over which we have no control. 
 Farmers' capital expenditures often follow a cyclical pattern, with increased equipment purchases typically occurring during boom cycles spurred by high net farm income and strong farmer balance sheets. Net farm income is influenced by factors such as: 
 the price of agricultural commodities and the ability to competitively export agricultural commodities; 
 the cost of farm inputs including value of land, seed, fertilizer, fuel, labor and other inputs; 
 the demand for food products and products made with farm commodities such as bio fuels; 
 the availability of stocks from previous harvests; and 
 agricultural policies, including aid and subsidies to agricultural enterprises provided by governments, policies impacting commodity prices or limiting the export or import of commodities, and alternative fuel mandates. 
 13 

Table of Conten ts 

 In addition to macroeconomic drivers of net farm income, local growing conditions also influence farmers buying sentiment. Therefore, droughts, excess rain, hail, and other unfavorable climatic conditions affecting certain geographic regions will adversely impact the local farmers buying sentiment. 
 The nature of the agricultural industry is such that a downturn in equipment demand can occur suddenly, resulting in negative impacts on dealers in the form of declining revenues, reduced or negative profit margins, excess new and used equipment inventories, lower inventory turns, and increased floorplan interest expenses. These downturns may be prolonged, and during these periods, our revenues and profitability could be harmed, including severely . 
 Demand for our parts and repair services, although not as cyclical as equipment purchases, also can be negatively affected in agricultural industry downturns and in regions affected by adverse weather or growing conditions which result in fewer acres planted or harvested. 
 Our construction equipment sales are affected by several market factors over which we have no control. 
 Our construction equipment customers primarily operate in the natural resource, construction, transportation, agriculture, manufacturing, industrial processing and utilities industries. The construction equipment market is influenced by factors such as: 
 the amount and timing of public infrastructure spending; 
 the level of new residential and non-residential construction; and 
 the amount of capital spending in oil and gas, forestry, agricultural and mining. 
 
 The construction industry in many of our geographical areas has experienced periodic, and sometimes prolonged, economic down cycles. During these downturns, our revenues and profitability could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Inflationary increases to cost of equipment combined with higher interest rates may negatively impact our customers' equipment purchasing decisions. 
 
 Many of our customers finance their equipment purchases. The ability to obtain affordable financing is an important part of a customer's decision to purchase agricultural or construction equipment. Periods of elevated inflation and increased interest rates will increase financing costs and installment payment obligations of our customers, which may make equipment purchases less affordable for customers and impact purchasing decisions and, as a result, our revenue and profitability may decrease. 
 Risks Related to the Competitive Conditions of the Equipment Distribution Industry 
 The equipment distribution market is subject to sudden supply-demand imbalances arising from factors over which we have no control, which can affect our equipment sales and margins. 
 Over-production of equipment by one or more manufacturers, or a sudden reduction in demand for equipment, can dramatically disrupt the equipment market and cause downward pressure on our equipment profit margins. Customer leasing arrangements in the agriculture and construction equipment industries may also impact the level of industry-wide equipment inventory supplies. When leased equipment comes off lease, there may be an increase in the availability of late-model used equipment, which can create an inventory over-supply condition and put pressure on our equipment sales and margins, and have an adverse effect on values of our used equipment inventory and rental fleet equipment. Similarly, rental house companies engage in regular sales of rental fleet units, which can further disrupt the supply-demand balance. We have no control over or ability to significantly influence any of the foregoing factors affecting the equipment distribution markets. 
 Our industry is highly competitive. 
 The agricultural and construction equipment distribution (including parts and service) and rental industries are highly competitive and fragmented, with large numbers of companies operating on a regional or local basis. Historically, our competitors have competed aggressively on the basis of pricing or inventory availability, resulting in decreased margins on our sales to the extent we choose to match our competitors' pricing. To the extent we choose not to match or remain within a reasonable range of our competitors' pricing, we may lose sales and market share. In addition, to the extent CNH Industrial's equipment manufacturer competitors (such as Deere, Caterpillar, Komatsu, Volvo, and AGCO) provide their dealers with more innovative or higher quality products, lower cost products, better customer financing, or have more effective marketing programs, or the CNH Industrial reputation is tarnished in the marketplace or with our customers, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, e-commerce companies selling parts have negatively impacted dealers' parts sales and margins, and we expect that this competitive pressure will continue to increase in the future. 
 14 

Table of Conten ts 

 The recent agreements of equipment manufacturers, including CNH Industrial, to provide farmers and independent repair shops access to diagnostic tools, combined with an enactment of proposed right to repair legislation, could negatively impact our repair services business . 
 Proposed state and federal legislation has been introduced, including in states in our footprint, that generally would require the manufacturers of products to provide the purchaser and/or independent repair technicians with documents, diagnostic software, and other information that would allow the equipment to be repaired without having it returned to the dealer for repair. Separately, the American Farm Bureau Federation and CNH Industrial brands, Case IH and New Holland, signed a memorandum of understanding in March 2023 that allows farmers and independent repair shops to access CNH Industrial's brand manuals, tools, product guides and information to self-diagnose and self-repair machines, as well as provides support from CNH Industrial brands for farmers and independent repair shops to directly purchase diagnostic tools. The Memorandum of Understanding follows a similar format as agreed to by John Deere earlier this year which, in turn, follows the auto industry format. It is difficult to predict the impact that right to repair legislation, if enacted in any our states of operation, or the CNH Memorandum of Understanding, will have on our repair services business. 
 Risks Related to Supply Chain 
 Our business has been adversely impacted by supply chain distributions. 
 Our suppliers have experienced continuing supply chain disruptions, including country of origin production and port delays. Additionally, trucker, dockworker, and labor shortages, a surge of consumer demand, and other factors have led to industry-wide delays and inflationary trends, which have also impacted the Company. Our suppliers' challenges directly affect us through price increases, which we may be unable to pass along to our customers, and disruptions and delays on delivery of certain products, which may cause us to lose business or delay our ability to recognize revenue. 
 Risks of International Operations 
 Our international operations expose us to risks and uncertainties. 
 We currently operate dealership locations in Bulgaria, Germany, Romania, and Ukraine. In fiscal 2023, total International segment revenues were 13.5 of our consolidated total revenue. As of January 31, 2023, total International segment assets were 14.4 of our consolidated total assets. 
 Our operations in international markets, subject us to risks and uncertainties arising from the differing legal, political, social and regulatory environments and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate. These risks include: 
 difficulties in implementing our business model in foreign markets; 
 costs and diversion of domestic management attention related to oversight of international operations; 
 unexpected adverse changes in export duties, currency or payment controls that impact our ability to repatriate funds from the county, quotas and tariffs and difficulties in obtaining import licenses; 
 cyclicality of demand in European Union member states for agricultural equipment, based on availability of European Union government subsidy programs and tax incentives; 
 unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements; 
 compliance with a variety of tax regulations, foreign laws and regulations; 
 compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other U.S. laws that apply to the international operations of U.S. companies which may be difficult and costly to implement and monitor, can create competitive disadvantages if our competitors are not subject to such laws, and which, if violated, may result in substantial financial and reputational harm; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates to which we are exposed may adversely affect the results of our operations, the value of our foreign assets and liabilities and our cash flows; 
 the laws of the European countries in which we operate, unlike U.S. states, do not include specific dealer protection laws and, therefore, we may be more susceptible to actions of suppliers that are adverse to our interests such as termination of our dealer agreements for any reason or installing additional dealers in our designated territories; and 
 geopolitical or economic instability in the regions in which we operate, including the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
 
 15 

Table of Conten ts 

 The Russian-Ukraine conflict has presented significant challenges and risks for our Ukraine operations. 
 The Russian military occupation of Ukraine has significantly disrupted our Ukrainian operations and resulted in the temporary shut-down of our 9 Ukrainian stores during early fiscal 2023, all locations have since reopened. The outcome of the Russian military operation remains unclear and we cannot predict the impact this conflict will have on our Ukrainian operations. In fiscal 2023, revenues of our Ukrainian subsidiary declined 40.5 from fiscal 2022 and the conflict could continue to negatively impact revenues in fiscal 2024. The military conflict and related political instability, if it intensifies, may make it impossible for us to effectively operate our Ukraine dealerships, which may result in our decision to cease operations in Ukraine. This would result in asset write-offs and a loss in revenues and profits. See additional information in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8. Even if we are able to continue operations, we expect that the military conflict has significantly impacted, and we expect will continue to impact our customers' liquidity and their purchasing decisions for our products and services. If no crops are planted or the upcoming growing season is negatively impacted, it will limit our ability to generate cash and repay outstanding debt, and as a result of imposed currency exchange controls and other restrictions, restrict our ability to manage our cash held in Ukraine and our investment in our Ukrainian business. The military intervention has disrupted our Ukrainian work force, with certain employees being called to active military duty and other employees leaving the country and working remotely. Additional risks related to our operations in Ukraine, likely made more acute by the impact of the military conflict, include further devaluation of the local currency, increased interest rates and increased inflation. 
 These factors, in addition to others, have negatively impacted our financial condition and results of operations in 2022 and may continue to impact our business in Ukraine in future periods, including on a more acute basis. 
 Risks Related to Financial Matters 
 Our financial performance is dependent on our ability to effectively manage our inventory. 
 Our dealership network requires substantial inventories of equipment and parts to be maintained at each store and Company-wide to facilitate sales to customers on a timely basis. Our equipment inventory has traditionally represented a significant portion of our total assets. We need to maintain a proper balance of new and used equipment to assure satisfactory inventory turnover and to minimize floorplan financing costs. 
 Our orders for the purchase of new equipment and parts are based primarily on projected demand. If actual sales are materially less than our forecasts, for example because of a significant drop in net farm income, weather disruptions to the agricultural growing regions, or a construction industry recession, we would experience an over-supply of new equipment inventory. An over-supply of new equipment inventory will generally cause downward pressure on our product sale prices and margins, decrease our inventory turns, and increase our floorplan financing expenses. 
 Our used equipment is generally acquired as trade-ins from customers in connection with equipment sales to those customers. Equipment inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Adjustments to market value of inventory are recognized as a cost of sales, negatively impacting earnings, in the periods in which they occur. Our estimates of net realizable value for our used equipment, as determined at the time of the trade-in or in connection with an acquisition of a new dealership, may prove to be inaccurate, given the potential for sudden changes in market conditions and other factors beyond our control. Moving from our normal retail marketing channel to more aggressive marketing channels for specific pieces or categories of equipment inventory, particularly as equipment inventory ages, will generally result in lower sales prices. Pricing and other terms of sale of used equipment can be significantly adversely affected by the limited market for certain types of used equipment. 
 Our level of indebtedness could limit our financial and operational flexibility. 
 As of January 31, 2023, our indebtedness included floorplan payable financing, real estate mortgage financing arrangements that are secured by real estate assets and other long-term debt. In addition, we have obligations under our lease agreements for our store locations and corporate headquarters. Our level of indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could: 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes. 
 We expect to use cash flow from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities to fund our operations, debt service and capital expenditures. However, our cash flow and ability to borrow depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which may be beyond our control. 
 16 

Table of Conten ts 

 The credit agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain corporate and financial transactions, and require us to satisfy financial covenants. 
 The credit agreements governing our indebtedness contain covenants that, among other things, may limit or place conditions on our ability to: 
 incur more debt; 
 make investments; 
 create liens; 
 merge, consolidate, or make certain acquisitions; 
 transfer and sell assets, or divest of dealership stores; 
 pay dividends or repurchase stock; and 
 issue equity instruments. 
 Our credit facilities with CNH Industrial Capital, DLL Finance, and certain of our real estate lenders require us to satisfy a net leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio on an ongoing basis, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. Under the Bank Syndicate Agreement, if our excess availability (i.e., borrowing base capacity less outstanding loan balance and certain reserves) falls below a certain threshold, we become subject to a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. Our ability to borrow under these credit agreements depends upon compliance with these financial covenants. 
 Our failure to satisfy any covenant, absent a waiver or amendment, would cause us to be in default under our credit facilities and would enable our lenders to accelerate payment of the outstanding indebtedness. Each of our credit agreements include cross-default provisions which state that certain types of defaults under any other indebtedness agreement will also constitute a default under that credit agreement. If an event of default occurred, and the lender demanded accelerated payment, we may not be able to satisfy a pay-off request, whether through internal funds or a new financing. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness exposes us to interest rate risk. 
 A substantial portion of our floorplan and working capital borrowings, including the credit facilities with CNH Industrial Capital, the Bank Syndicate, DLL Finance, and our international floorplan facilities are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. As such, our results of operations are sensitive to movements in interest rates. There are many economic factors outside our control that have in the past and may, in the future, impact rates of interest including publicly announced indices that underlie the interest obligations related to a certain portion of our debt. Factors that impact interest rates include governmental monetary policies, inflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply, and international instability impacting domestic and foreign financial markets. Any increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We are in the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning ERP system, and problems with the design or implementation of this ERP system could interfere with our business and operations. 
 We are engaged in the implementation of a new ERP system. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information to management important to the operation of our business. Our ERP transition has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant human and financial resources. We have, and may continue to experience challenges as we work toward the completion of the ERP conversion. Beyond cost and scheduling, potential flaws in the implementation of an ERP system may pose risks to the Company s ability to operate successfully and efficiently, including our ability to prepare timely and accurate SEC filings. If we are unable to successfully implement the new ERP system as planned, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 Moreover, if the ERP system does not effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business (whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, cybersecurity attack, and/or human error), our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. 
 The agricultural and construction equipment industries are highly seasonal, which can cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flow. 
 The agricultural and construction equipment businesses are highly seasonal, which causes our quarterly results and cash flows to fluctuate during the year. Farmers generally purchase agricultural equipment and service work in preparation for, or in conjunction with, the spring planting and fall harvesting seasons. Construction equipment customers purchases of equipment and service work, as well as rental of equipment, are also seasonal in our stores located in colder climates where 
 17 

Table of Conten ts 

 construction work slows significantly in the winter months. In addition, the fourth quarter typically is a significant period for equipment sales in the United States because of our customers year-end tax planning considerations, the timing of dealer incentives and the increase in availability of farmers funds from completed harvests and construction customers' funds from completed projects. Also, numerous external factors such as credit markets, commodity prices, weather conditions, and other circumstances may disrupt normal purchasing practices and customers sentiment, further contributing to the seasonal fluctuations. 
 We are exposed to customer credit risks. 
 We extend credit to our customers for parts and service work, rental charges, and also for some equipment sales in our domestic and international operations. If we are unable to manage these credit risk issues adequately, or if a large number of customers should have financial difficulties at the same time, our credit losses could increase above historical levels and our operating results would be adversely affected. Delinquencies and credit losses generally would be expected to increase if there was a worsening of economic conditions in any of our reporting segments. 
 Our rental operations subject us to risks including increased maintenance costs as our rental fleet ages, increased costs of new replacement equipment we use in our fleet, and losses upon disposition of rental fleet units . 
 
 Our rental fleet margins are materially impacted by utilization of fleet assets, which is seasonal and can fluctuate materially due to weather and economic factors. If our rental equipment ages, the costs of maintaining that equipment, if not replaced within a certain period of time, will likely increase. The cost of new equipment for use in our rental fleet could also increase due to increased material costs for our suppliers or other factors beyond our control. Furthermore, changes in customer demand could cause some of our existing equipment to become obsolete and require us to purchase new equipment at increased costs. 
 Upon the sale of a rental fleet unit, we include in operating income the difference between the sales price and the depreciated value of the equipment sold. The market value of any given piece of rental equipment could be less than its depreciated value at the time it is sold. The market value of used rental equipment depends on several factors, including: 
 
 market prices for like equipment; 
 hours and condition of the equipment; 
 time of year that the equipment is sold; 
 the supply of used equipment in the market; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 
 Any significant decline in the selling prices for used rental equipment, or increased costs resulting from our rental operations, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Climate and Weather Risks 
 Weather conditions may negatively impact the agricultural and construction equipment markets and affect our financial results. 
 Weather conditions, particularly severe floods and droughts, can have a significant adverse effect on growing conditions and on regional agricultural and construction markets. Adverse weather conditions may result in fewer acres being planted or harvested by farmers and reduced crop yields on those acres that are planted, and in delays or cancellations of construction projects. This in turn could result in lower demand for our agricultural and construction equipment and services and adversely affect our results of operation. Many scientific reports predict that severe weather events can be expected to become more frequent as a result of global climate change. 
 New or more stringent greenhouse gas emission standards designed to address climate change could increase costs of the equipment we purchase from our suppliers and increase our customers costs of operations. 
 There is global scientific consensus that emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) continue to alter the composition of Earth s atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the global climate. These considerations may lead to new international, national, regional or local legislative or regulatory responses. Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors are continuing to look for ways to reduce GHG emissions. 
 The regulation of GHG emissions from the equipment we sell could result in additional manufacturing costs to our suppliers who, in turn, will likely pass along those costs to us. We may not be successful in passing along the equipment price 
 18 

Table of Conten ts 

 increases to our customers, which could impact our results of operation. To the extent that we attempt to pass along price increases to our customers, the increased costs of equipment may negatively affect their purchasing decisions. 
 Moreover, the GHG regulations could increase other input costs for our customers, such as fuel and fertilizer, and impose indirect compliance-related costs on our customers. These economic impacts could negatively impact our customers purchasing decisions. 
 Because the impact of any future GHG legislative, regulatory or product standard requirements is dependent on the timing and design of mandates or standards, we are unable to predict their potential impact at this time. 
 Risks of our Growth Strategy 
 If our acquisition plans are unsuccessful, we may not achieve our planned long-term revenue growth. 
 Our ability to grow through the acquisition of additional CNH Industrial geographic areas of responsibility and store locations or other businesses will be dependent upon the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable values, our ability to compete effectively for available acquisition candidates and the availability of capital to complete the acquisitions. We may not successfully identify suitable targets, or if we do, we may not be able to close the transactions, or if we close the transactions, they may not be profitable. In addition, CNH Industrial's consent is required for the acquisition of any CNH Industrial dealership, and the consent of our lenders may be required for certain acquisitions. CNH Industrial typically evaluates management, historical performance, and capitalization of a prospective acquirer in determining whether to consent to the sale of a CNH Industrial dealership. We may not obtain the consent of CNH Industrial or our lenders for certain acquisitions we may propose. 
 Our acquisitions may not be successful. 
 There are risks associated with acquisitions of new dealerships. These risks include incurring significantly higher than anticipated capital expenditures and operating expenses; unexpected liabilities; synergies, economies of scale and cost reductions not occurring as anticipated; failing to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired dealerships; employee attrition at the acquired business; disrupting our ongoing business; diluting the effectiveness of our management; failing to maintain uniform standards, controls and policies; and impairing relationships with employees and customers as a result of changes in management. To the extent we do not successfully avoid or overcome the risks or problems related to acquisitions, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Future acquisitions also may have a significant impact on our financial position and capital needs, and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly results of operations or result in a diversion of management's time and attention from our core business. Acquisitions could include significant intangible assets and goodwill. If the acquisitions giving rise to these intangible assets are unsuccessful, this may result in future impairment charges that would reduce our stated earnings. 
 Human Capital Risks 
 Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. 
 Our success in executing our operating and strategic plans depends on the efforts and abilities of our management team and key employees, including the managers of our field operations and our country managers in our international operations. The failure to attract and retain members of our management team and key employees will harm us. 
 In recent years, the equipment industry has experienced a shortage of qualified service technicians. If this trend worsens and we are not able to hire and retain qualified service technicians at acceptable levels, our ability to satisfy customers' service needs would be negatively impacted. Moreover, the technician shortage may increase our service technician compensation expense, and reduce our gross margins on service work. 
 In addition, in recent years it has been unusually difficult to hire and retain employees, which we believe is primarily attributable to market conditions which in turn has created increased competition in labor markets. Difficulties in hiring and retaining employees and heightened competition for employees may impact our ability to serve customers, increase our costs, and impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. 
 Labor organizing activities could negatively impact us. 
 Although none of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, there have been attempts to unionize our store personnel. The unionization of all or a substantial portion of our workforce could result in work slowdowns or stoppages, could increase our overall costs, could reduce our operating margins and reduce the efficiency of our operations at the affected locations, could adversely affect our flexibility to run our business competitively, and could otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. 
 19 

Table of Conten ts 

 Liability Risks 
 Selling and renting agricultural and construction equipment, selling parts, and providing repair services subject us to liability risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and reputation. 
 Products sold, rented or serviced by us may expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or property damage claims that arise from the use of those products. Our commercial liability insurance may not be adequate to cover significant product liability claims, or we may not be able to secure such insurance on economically reasonable terms. An uninsured or partially insured claim for which indemnification from the manufacturer is not available could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, if any significant claims are made against us or against CNH Industrial or any of our other suppliers, our business may be adversely affected by any related negative publicity or any adverse impact on the reputation or brand of any of our suppliers, including CNH Industrial. 
 Stock Price Volatility 
 Our common stock price has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. 
 The price at which our common stock trades may be volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our operating results and financial condition as set forth in our earnings releases, guidance estimates released by agricultural or construction equipment manufacturers that serve the markets in which we operate, announcements by our competitors, analyst recommendations, our ability to meet or exceed analysts or investors expectations, fluctuations in the price of crop commodities and natural resources, the condition of the financial markets, and other factors. Quarterly fluctuations resulting from the seasonality of our business may cause our results of operations and cash flows to underperform in relation to the expectations of financial analysts or investors, which may cause volatility or decreases in our stock price. 
 Data Security Risks 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information systems and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information technology systems. We use information technology systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Additionally, in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including proprietary business information of our customers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the systems of the third parties with whom we do business and the processing and maintenance of information is critical to our operations. Despite the security measures and business continuity plans, put in place by us and our third party providers, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions arising from power outages, telecommunication failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of these events could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws that protect the privacy of personally identifiable information, disrupt our operations, and damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In particular, given our Europe operations, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation imposes stringent data protection requirement and provides significant penalties for noncompliance. In addition, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, we may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of our systems. 
 We maintain cyber risk insurance, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 20 

Table of Conten ts 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Equipment Stores 
 As of January 31, 2023, we operated 121 agricultural and construction equipment stores in the United States and Europe in the following locations: Agriculture Segment Construction Segment International Segment Total United States North Dakota 12 4 16 Minnesota 13 3 16 Iowa 12 3 15 Nebraska 14 2 16 South Dakota 10 2 12 Colorado 3 3 Idaho 1 1 Kansas 1 1 Missouri 1 1 Montana 1 1 Washington 1 1 Wisconsin 1 1 2 Wyoming 1 1 European Countries Bulgaria 7 7 Germany 5 5 Romania 14 14 Ukraine 9 9 Total 68 18 35 121 
 Store Lease Arrangements 
 As of January 31, 2023, we leased 67 store facilities with lease arrangements expiring at various dates through February 28, 2031. Many of our lease agreements include fair market value purchase options, rights of first refusal, lease term extension options, or month-to-month or year-to-year automatic renewal provisions at the conclusion of the original lease period. A majority of the leases provide for fixed monthly rental payments and require us to pay the real estate taxes on the properties for the lease periods. We are generally responsible for utilities and maintenance of the leased premises. All of the leases require that we maintain public liability, property casualty, and personal property insurance on each of the leased premises. The leases generally require us to indemnify the lessor in connection with any claims arising from the leased premises during our occupation of the property. We believe our facilities are adequate to meet our current and anticipated needs. 
 In recent years, we have been strategically purchasing real estate and financing the purchases with long term debt, to take advantage of low interest rates. We currently own the store facilities for 50 U.S. dealership locations and four Germany dealership locations. We have incurred debt financing and have been granted mortgages on these owned facilities. The remainder of our U.S. and international store locations are leased from third parties. 
 As part of our due diligence review prior to a dealership acquisition, we evaluate the adequacy, suitability and condition of the related real estate. Our evaluation typically includes a Phase I environmental study, and if deemed necessary, a Phase II environmental study of the real property to determine whether there are any environmental concerns. If any environmental concerns exist, we generally require that such concerns be addressed prior to acquisition of the dealership real estate. 
 Headquarters 
 We currently lease and occupy approximately 48,000 square feet in West Fargo, North Dakota for our headquarters and this lease expires on January 31, 2028. We continually review our location needs, including the adequacy of our 
 21 

Table of Conten ts 

 headquarters space, to ensure our space is sufficient to support our operations. We believe there is ample opportunity for expansion in our West Fargo headquarters facility if necessary. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are, from time to time, subject to claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business. Such claims have, in the past, generally been covered by insurance. Management believes the resolution of other legal matters will not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operation or cash flow, although the ultimate outcome of any such actions is not assured. Furthermore, our insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that may arise out of claims brought against us. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Conten ts 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The names, ages and positions of our executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position David Meyer 69 Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer Robert Larsen 37 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Bryan Knutson 44 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 David Meyer is our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Meyer worked for JI Case Company in 1975. From 1976 to 1980, Mr. Meyer was a partner in a Case/New Holland Dealership with locations in Lisbon, North Dakota and Wahpeton, North Dakota. In 1980, Mr. Meyer, along with a partner, founded Titan Machinery Inc. Mr. Meyer has served on both the Case CE and CaseIH Agriculture Dealer Advisory Boards. Mr. Meyer is the past chairman of the North Dakota Implement Dealers Association, and currently serves as a Trustee on the University of Minnesota Foundation. 
 Robert Larsen became our Chief Financial Officer in December 2022. Prior to joining us, he served as the Head of Finance for CNH Industrial s team focused on precision technology. Prior to joining CNH Industrial, Mr. Larsen held various positions at Raven Industries starting in 2016, including Director of Finance, Director of Investor Relations and various other roles. Mr. Larsen began his career as an accountant with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 Bryan Knutson became our Chief Operating Officer in August 2017 and previously served as our Vice President, Ag Operations since 2016. In 2022 Mr.Knutson was appointed to President. Mr . Knutson joined the company in 2002 where he began his career in equipment sales later advancing to store manager, complex manager and region manager prior to his current role. Mr. Knutson is a current board member and Chairman of the Pioneer Equipment Dealers Association. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 MARKET INFORMATION 
 Our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market and trades under the symbol "TITN". As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 580 record holders of our common stock, which excludes holders whose stock is held either in nominee name or street name brokerage accounts. 
 DIVIDENDS 
 We have not historically paid any dividends on our common stock. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, outstanding indebtedness and plans for expansion and restrictions imposed by lenders, if any. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 We did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023. 
 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 For information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, refer to Item 12, "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters." 
 REPURCHASES 
 We did not engage in any repurchases of our common stock during the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023. 
 23 

Table of Conten ts 

 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return for the last trading day of our last five fiscal years on a 100 investment (assuming dividend reinvestment) on January 31, 2018, the last trading day before our fifth preceding fiscal year, in each of our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 500 Retail Index. 
 January 31, 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Titan Machinery Inc. 100.00 87.20 56.82 99.12 143.32 204.47 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 95.20 102.48 131.66 128.79 122.66 S P 500 Retail Index 100.00 104.82 125.27 176.00 191.64 154.13 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 24 

Table of Conten ts 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes appearing under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this annual report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and expected financial results, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the "Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in this Item 7 and "Risk Factors" presented under Item 1A for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis in this annual report. 
 A discussion of changes in our Financial Results and Cash Flow Comparisons from fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2022 has been omitted from this Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. 
 
 BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
 We own and operate a network of full service agricultural and construction equipment stores in the United States and Europe. Based upon information provided to us by CNH Industrial N.V. or its U.S. subsidiary CNH Industrial America, LLC, collectively referred to in this Form 10-K as CNH Industrial, we are the largest retail dealer of Case IH Agriculture equipment in the world, one of the largest retail dealers of Case Construction equipment in North America and one of the largest retail dealers of New Holland Agriculture and New Holland Construction equipment in the U.S. We operate our business through three reportable segments: Agriculture, Construction and International. Within each segment, we have four principal sources of revenue: new and used equipment sales, parts sales, service, and equipment rental and other activities. 
 The agricultural equipment we sell and service includes machinery and attachments for uses ranging from large-scale farming to home and garden use. The construction equipment we sell and service includes heavy construction machinery, light industrial machinery for commercial and residential construction, road and highway construction machinery, energy, and forestry operations equipment. We offer our customers a one-stop solution for their equipment needs through: 
 new and used equipment sales; 
 parts sales; 
 equipment repair and maintenance services; and 
 equipment rental and other activities. 
 The new equipment and parts we sell are supplied primarily by CNH Industrial. According to its public reports, CNH Industrial is a leading manufacturer and supplier of agricultural and construction equipment based on the number of units sold, primarily through the Case IH Agriculture, New Holland Agriculture, Case Construction and New Holland Construction brands. Sales of new CNH Industrial products accounted for approximately 73 of our new equipment revenue in fiscal 2023, with our single largest manufacturer other than CNH Industrial representing approximately 4 of our total new equipment sales in fiscal 2023. We acquire used equipment for resale primarily through trade-ins from our customers and in some cases through selective purchases. We sell parts and provide in-store and on-site repair and maintenance services. We rent equipment and provide other ancillary services such as equipment transportation, GPS signal subscriptions, farm data management systems, precision farming equipment, and finance and insurance products. 
 Throughout our 42-year operating history, we have built an extensive, geographically contiguous network of 86 stores located in the United States and 35 stores in Europe. We have a history of growth through acquisitions, including over 55 acquisitions in 15 U.S. states and four European countries since January 1, 2003. We believe that there will continue to be opportunities for dealership consolidation in the future, and we expect that acquisitions will continue to be a component of our long-term growth strategy. 
 
 Certain External Factors Affecting our Business 
 We are subject to a number of factors that affect our business including those factors discussed in the sections in this annual report entitled "Risk Factors" and "Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." Certain of these external factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Russia/Ukraine Geopolitical Conflict 
 Since the onset of the active conflict in February 2022, most of Titan Machinery Ukraine's customers have been able to continue their work, although at a reduced capacity and schedule. The Company's business systems in Ukraine have continued 
 25 

Table of Conten ts 

 to function but have been, and could continue to be, negatively impacted in the future. Some of Titan Machinery Ukraine's back office employees have been able to relocate outside of Ukraine and continue to work for the Company, while the customer support and sales teams have remained in Ukraine. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, Titan Machinery Ukraine's revenues are down approximately 40.5 from the prior fiscal year. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had total assets of 27.4 million in Ukraine. The physical assets (e.g. inventory and fixed assets) are almost exclusively located in central and western areas of the country. Total Company assets in Ukraine as of January 31, 2022 were 32.7 million. 
 The situation in Ukraine is highly complex and continues to evolve. If the Company cannot provide efficient and uninterrupted services to its customers, this could worsen the conflict's adverse effect on the Company's operations and business in Ukraine. In addition, the Company's ability to maintain adequate liquidity for our operations in Ukraine is dependent on a number of factors, including Titan Machinery Ukraine's revenue and earnings, which have been and could continue to be, significantly impacted by the conflict. Further, any major breakdown or closure of utility services, any major threat to civilians in our footprint, disruption of commodity exports from Ukraine, or international banking disruption could materially impact the operations and liquidity of Titan Machinery Ukraine. 
 Supply Chain Disruptions 
 Equipment availability continues to be challenging as supply chain disruptions throughout 2021 continued throughout 2022, along with increased domestic and global demand for equipment inventory, have caused many manufacturers to be unable to produce enough equipment to meet demand. The timing of the completion of equipment and the resulting delivery to the end customer can shift from quarter to quarter or in some cases, year to year, thereby potentially impacting when we are able to receive the inventory, enter into sales transactions with our customers, and recognize the revenue. These supply chain issues have been further complicated by labor shortages as well as the announcement by CNH Industrial that it will be implementing an equipment allocation methodology to determine production slots for calendar year 2023. All of these factors may limit our ability to match customer demand on certain products in fiscal 2024. We will continue to work with our manufacturers to source future inventory to fulfill as much customer demand as possible. 
 Macroeconomic and Industry Factors 
 Our Agriculture and International businesses are primarily driven by the demand for agricultural equipment for use in the production of food, fiber, feed grain and renewable energy. Agriculture industry factors such as changes in agricultural commodity prices and net farm income, have an effect on customer sentiment and their ability to secure financing for equipment purchases. Macroeconomic and industry factors that affect commodity prices and net farm income include changing worldwide demand for agriculture commodities, crop yields and supply disruptions caused by weather patterns and crop diseases, crop stock levels, production costs, and changing U.S. dollar foreig n currency exchange rates. Based on U.S. Department of Agriculture ("USDA") publications, the most recent estimate of net farm income for calendar year 2022 increased 15.5 compared to calendar year 2021 due to U.S. crop production and increased commodity exports and partially offset by a reduction in U.S. Federal government's direct farm program payments. Based on its February 2023 report, the USDA projected net farm income for calendar year 2023 to decrease 15.9 , as compared to calendar year 2022, but still remain above historical levels. 
 Our Construction business is primarily impacted by the demand for construction equipment for use in private and government commercial, residential, and infrastructure construction; demolition; maintenance; energy and forestry operations. Industry reports show that demand for construction equipment in our markets is driven by several factors, one of which is public infrastructure spending, including roads and highways, sewer and water. Any growth in federal allocations to public infrastructure spending over the next few years should positively impact our future results of operations. Likewise, any decline in federal allocations to public infrastructure spending over the next few years should negatively impact our future results of operations. 
 Seasonality Weather 
 The agricultural and construction equipment businesses are highly seasonal, which causes our quarterly results and our available cash flow to fluctuate during the year. Our customers generally purchase and rent equipment in preparation for, or in conjunction with, their busy seasons, which for farmers are the spring planting and fall harvesting seasons; and which for Construction customers is typically the second and third quarters of our fiscal year for much of our Construction footprint. Our parts and service revenues are typically highest during our customers' busy seasons as well, due to the increased use of their equipment during this time, which generates the need for more parts and service work. However, weather conditions impact the timing of our customers' busy times, which may cause greater than expected fluctuations in our quarterly financial results year over year. In addition, the fourth quarter typically is a significant period for equipment sales in the U.S. because of our 
 26 

Table of Conten ts 

 customers year-end tax planning considerations, the timing of dealer incentives and the increase in availability of funds from completed harvests and construction projects. 
 Seasonal weather trends, particularly severe wet or dry conditions, can have a significant impact on regional agricultural and construction market performance by affecting crop production and the ability to undertake construction projects. Weather conditions that adversely affect the agricultural or construction markets decrease the demand for our products and services. 
 In addition, numerous external factors such as credit markets, commodity prices, and other circumstances may disrupt normal purchasing practices and buyer sentiment, further contributing to the seasonal fluctuations. 
 Dependence on our Primary Supplier 
 The majority of our business involves the distribution and servicing of equipment manufactured by CNH Industrial. In fiscal 2023, CNH Industrial supplied approximately 76 of the new equipment sold in our Agriculture segment, 76 of the new equipment sold in our Construction segment, and 60 of the new equipment sold in our International segment, and represented a significant portion of our parts revenue. Thus, we believe the following factors have a significant impact on our operating results: 
 CNH Industrial s product offerings, reputation and market share; 
 CNH Industrial s product prices and incentive and discount programs; 
 CNH Industrial's supply of inventory and ability to meet delivery timelines; 
 CNH Industrial's implementation of an equipment allocation methodology for use in determining production slots in calendar year 2023; 
 CNH Industrial's offering of floorplan payable financing for the purchase of a substantial portion of our inventory; and 
 CNH Industrial's offering of financing and leasing used by our customers to purchase CNH Industrial equipment from us. 
 Credit Market Changes 
 Changes in credit markets can affect our customers' ability and willingness to make capital expenditures, including purchasing our equipment. Tight credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets have the potential to adversely affect our business. Such disruptions in the overall economy and financial markets and the related reduction in consumer confidence in the economy, slow activity in the capital markets, negatively affect access to credit on commercially acceptable terms, and may adversely impact our customers' access to credit and the terms of any such credit. However, if retail interest rates continue to rise, our business may be negatively affected by customers who find financing purchases of our equipment less attractive due to higher borrowing costs. 
 Our business is also particularly dependent on our access to credit markets to manage inventory and finance acquisitions. We cannot predict what future changes will occur in credit markets or how these changes will impact our business. 
 Inflation 
 Inflationary pressures have led to rising inventory and supply costs as well as increased labor costs. To date, in those instances in which we have experienced cost increases, we have been able to increase selling prices to offset much of the increases and expect to continue to do so in the future. 
 27 

Table of Conten ts 

 Significant Items Impacting Our Financial Position and Results of Operations 
 Heartland Acquisition 
 On August 1, 2022 we acquired all interests of three entities, Heartland Agriculture, LLC, Heartland Solutions, LLC, and Heartland Leveraged Lender, LLC, (collectively referred to as "Heartland Companies"). The acquired business consisted of 12 CaseIH commercial application agriculture locations, in the states of Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, and Wisconsin. Our acquisition of these entities provides the Company the opportunity for synergies due to overlap of our footprints, which allows us to package deals that will include both commercial application equipment as well as other agricultural and construction equipment to commercial customers within our core footprint. Total cash consideration paid for the business was 94.4 million, which was financed through available cash resources and line of credit availability. The locations of the 12 Heartland Companies are included within our Agriculture segment. 
 Mark's Machinery Acquisition 
 On April 1, 2022, we acquired certain assets of Mark's Machinery, Inc. The acquired business consisted of two agricultural equipment stores in Wagner and Yankton, South Dakota. Total cash consideration paid for the business was 7.7 million which was financed through available cash resources. In conjunction with the acquisition, we purchased the real estate for 2.5 million which was financed with available cash and long term debt. The two Mark's Machinery locations are included within our Agriculture segment. 
 Fargo Tractor Divestiture 
 On March 1, 2022, we divested our consumer products store in Fargo, ND. The sale of this location resulted in a 1.4 dollar gain which is included in fiscal 2023 consolidated operating expenses. The gain on the sale is included in the Construction segment. 
 Montana and Wyoming Divestiture 
 On January 24, 2022, we divested four dealership locations in Billings, Great Falls, and Missoula, Montana and Gillette, Wyoming. The sale of these locations resulted in a 5.7 million gain which is included in fiscal 2022 consolidated operating expenses. The gain on the sale is included in the Construction segment. 
 Jaycox Acquisition 
 On December 1, 2021, we acquired certain assets of Jaycox Implement ("Jaycox"). The acquired business consisted of three CaseIH agriculture dealership locations in Worthington and Luverne, Minnesota and Lake Park, Iowa. Total cash consideration paid for the business was 28.2 million which was financed through available cash resources. In conjunction with the acquisition, we purchased the real estate for 5.5 million which was financed with available cash and long term debt. The three Jaycox locations are included within our Agriculture segment. 
 
 Key Financial Metrics 
 In addition to tracking our sales and expenses to evaluate our operational performance, we also monitor the following key financial metrics. The results of some of these metrics are discussed further throughout the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Form 10-K. 
 Inventory Turnover 
 Inventory turnover measures the rate at which inventory is sold during the year. We calculate it by dividing cost of sales on equipment for the last twelve months by the average of the month-end balances of our equipment and parts inventories for the same twelve-month period. We believe that inventory turnover is an important management metric in evaluating the efficiency at which we are managing and selling our inventories. 
 Same-Store Results 
 Same-store results for any period represent results of operations by stores that were part of our Company for the entire comparable period in the preceding fiscal year. We do not distinguish relocated or newly-expanded stores in this same-store analysis. 
 Absorption 
 Absorption is an industry term that refers to the percentage of an equipment dealer's operating expense covered by the combined gross profit from parts, service and rental fleet activity. We calculate absorption by dividing our gross profit from 
 28 

Table of Conten ts 

 sales of parts, service and rental fleet by our operating expenses, less commission expense on equipment sales, plus interest expense on floorplan payables and rental fleet debt. We believe that absorption is an important management metric because during economic down cycles our customers tend to postpone new and used equipment purchases while continuing to run, maintain and repair their existing equipment. Thus, operating at a high absorption rate enables us to operate profitably throughout economic down cycles. 
 Dollar Utilization 
 Dollar utilization is a measurement of asset performance and profitability used in the rental industry. We calculate the dollar utilization of our rental fleet equipment by dividing the rental revenue earned on our rental fleet by the average gross carrying value of our rental fleet (comprised of original equipment costs plus additional capitalized costs) for that period. While our rental fleet has variable expenses related to repairs and maintenance, its primary expense for depreciation is fixed. Low dollar utilization of our rental fleet has a negative impact on gross profit margin and gross profit dollars due to the fixed depreciation component. However, high dollar utilization of our rental fleet has a positive impact on gross profit margin and gross profit dollars. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as earnings before finance costs, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and is a metric frequently used to assess and evaluate financial performance. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of financial performance, as a supplemental measure to evaluate the Company's overall operating performance and believes it provides a useful metric for comparability between periods and across entities within our industry by excluding differences in capital structure, income taxes, non-cash charges and certain activities that occur outside of the ordinary course of our business. We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as our net income (loss), adjusted for net interest (excluding floorplan interest expense), income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and items included in our non-GAAP reconciliation, for each of the respective periods. Adjusted EBITDA should be evaluated in addition to, and not considered a substitute for, or superior to, any GAAP measure of net income (loss). In addition, other companies may calculate Adjusted EBITDA in a different manner, which may hinder comparability with other companies. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income. 
 
 Key Financial Statement Components 
 Revenue 
 Equipment : We derive equipment revenue from the sale of new and used agricultural and construction equipment. 
 Parts: We derive parts revenue from the sale of parts for brands of equipment that we sell, other makes of equipment, and other types of equipment and related components. Our parts sales provide us with a relatively stable revenue stream that is less sensitive to the economic cycles that affect our equipment sales. 
 Service: We derive service revenue from repair and maintenance services to our customers' equipment. Our repair and maintenance services provide a high-margin, relatively stable source of revenue through changing economic cycles. 
 Rental and other: We derive other revenue from equipment rentals and ancillary equipment support activities such as equipment transportation, GPS signal subscriptions and reselling financial and insurance products. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Equipment: Cost of equipment revenue is the lower of the acquired cost or the net realizable value of the specific piece of equipment sold. 
 Parts: Cost of parts revenue is the lower of the acquired cost or the market value of the parts sold, based on average costing. 
 Service: Cost of service revenue represents costs attributable to services provided for the maintenance and repair of customer-owned equipment and equipment then on-rent by customers. 
 Rental and other: Costs of other revenue represent costs associated with equipment rental, such as depreciation, maintenance and repairs, as well as costs associated providing transportation, hauling, parts freight, GPS subscriptions and damage waivers, including, among other items, drivers' wages, truck depreciation, fuel costs, shipping costs and our costs related to damage waiver policies. 
 29 

Table of Conten ts 

 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses include sales and marketing expenses, sales commissions (which generally are based upon equipment gross profit margins), payroll and related benefit costs, insurance expenses, professional fees, property rental and related costs, property and other taxes, administrative overhead, and depreciation associated with property and equipment (other than rental and trucking equipment). 
 Floorplan Interest 
 The cost of financing inventory is an important factor affecting our results of operations. Floorplan payable financing from CNH Industrial Capital, the Bank Syndicate Agreement, DLL Finance and various credit facilities related to our foreign subsidiaries represent the primary sources of financing for equipment inventories. CNH Industrial regularly offers interest-free periods as well as additional incentives and special offers. As of January 31, 2023, 82.4 of our floorplan payable financing was non-interest bearing. 
 Other Interest Expense 
 Interest expense represents the interest on our debt instruments, other than floorplan payable financing facilities. This includes long-term debt used to finance the purchase of real estate and vehicles. 
 30 

Table of Conten ts 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparative financial data for each of our four sources of revenue for fiscal 2023 and 2022 are presented below. The results include the acquisitions made during these periods. The year-to-year comparison included below is not necessarily indicative of future results. Information regarding segment revenue and income (loss) before income taxes is presented for each fiscal year following our discussion of the consolidated results of operations. Additional information regarding our segments is included in Note 21 of our consolidated financial statements. Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 (dollars in thousands) Equipment Revenue 1,711,559 1,291,684 Cost of revenue 1,477,539 1,130,205 Gross profit 234,020 161,479 Gross profit margin 13.7 12.5 Parts Revenue 327,196 266,916 Cost of revenue 220,418 186,324 Gross profit 106,778 80,592 Gross profit margin 32.6 30.2 Service Revenue 129,803 115,641 Cost of revenue 46,208 38,771 Gross profit 83,595 76,870 Gross profit margin 64.4 66.5 Rental and other Revenue 40,748 37,665 Cost of revenue 25,302 23,882 Gross profit 15,446 13,783 Gross profit margin 37.9 36.6 
 31 

Table of Conten ts 

 The following table sets forth our statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal years indicated. Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Revenue Equipment 77.5 75.4 Parts 14.8 15.6 Service 5.9 6.8 Rental and other 1.8 2.2 Total Revenue 100.0 100.0 Total Cost of Revenue 80.1 80.6 Gross Profit Margin 19.9 19.4 Operating Expenses 13.6 14.1 Impairment of Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 0.1 Income from Operations 6.3 5.3 Other Income (Expense) (0.2) (0.2) Income Before Income Taxes 6.1 5.1 Provision for Income Taxes 1.5 1.2 Net Income 4.6 3.9 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Results 
 Revenue Year Ended January 31, Increase/ Percent 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change (dollars in thousands) Equipment 1,711,559 1,291,684 419,875 32.5 Parts 327,196 266,916 60,280 22.6 Service 129,803 115,641 14,162 12.2 Rental and other 40,748 37,665 3,083 8.2 Total Revenue 2,209,306 1,711,906 497,400 29.1 
 The increase in total revenue for fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022, was primarily the result of Company-wide same-store sales increase of 22.4 over the prior fiscal year and our acquisitions of Jaycox Implement, Mark's Machinery, and the Heartland Companies, completed in December 2021, April 2022, and August 2022, respectively, which was partially offset by the divestitures in Billings, Great Falls, and Missoula, Montana and Gillette, Wyoming, in January 2022, and Fargo, North Dakota in March 2022. The strong same store sales increase was primarily driven by agriculture equipment sales, which benefited from high demand levels that were supported by higher commodity prices and higher net farm income. 

32 

Table of Conten ts 

 Gross Profit Year Ended January 31, Increase/ Percent 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change (dollars in thousands) Gross Profit Equipment 234,020 161,479 72,541 44.9 Parts 106,778 80,592 26,186 32.5 Service 83,595 76,870 6,725 8.7 Rental and other 15,446 13,783 1,663 12.1 Total Gross Profit 439,839 332,724 107,115 32.2 Gross Profit Margin Equipment 13.7 12.5 1.2 9.6 Parts 32.6 30.2 2.4 7.9 Service 64.4 66.5 (2.1) (3.2) Rental and other 37.9 36.6 1.3 3.6 Total Gross Profit Margin 19.9 19.4 0.5 2.6 Gross Profit Mix Equipment 53.2 48.6 4.6 9.5 Parts 24.3 24.2 0.1 0.4 Service 19.0 23.1 (4.1) (17.7) Rental and other 3.5 4.1 (0.6) (14.6) Total Gross Profit Mix 100.0 100.0 
 Gross profit increased 32.2 or 107.1 million from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023, primarily due to higher revenue and gross profit from our equipment and parts business. Gross profit margin increased from 19.4 in fiscal 2022 to 19.9 in fiscal 2023. The increase in overall gross profit margin was primarily due to stronger equipment margins, which were positively impacted by favorable end market conditions. 
 Our Company-wide absorption rate declined to 82.7 for fiscal 2023 as compared to 84.6 during fiscal 2022. The absorption rate in both years was favorably impacted by gains recognized on divestitures in our Construction segment. There was a gain of 1.4 million recognized on the divestiture of our consumer products store in North Dakota in the fist quarter of fiscal 2023, and a 5.7 million gain recognized on the divestiture of one Wyoming and three Montana stores in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. Excluding these divestiture related gains, absorption was flat at 82.2 . 
 Operating Expenses Year Ended January 31, Increase/ Percent 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change (dollars in thousands) Operating Expenses 301,516 241,044 60,472 25.1 Operating Expenses as a Percentage of Revenue 13.6 14.1 (0.5) (3.5) 
 Operating expenses for fiscal 2023 increased 60.5 million, as compared to fiscal 2022. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to variable expenses associated with increased sales as well as acquisitions that have occurred in the last fourteen months. In fiscal 2023, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 13.6 from 14.1 in fiscal 2022. The decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue was due to the increase in total revenue in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, which positively affected our ability to leverage our fixed operating costs. 
 33 

Table of Conten ts 

 Impairment Charges Year Ended January 31, Percent 2023 2022 Decrease Change (dollars in thousands) Impairment of Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 1,498 (1,498) n/m 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company did not recognize any impairment charges. In fiscal 2022, the Company recognized 1.5 million of impairment charges related to certain intangible and long-lived assets, in our International segment. 
 Other Income (Expense) Year Ended January 31, Increase/ Percent 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change (dollars in thousands) Interest and other income (expense) 3,862 2,431 1,431 58.9 Floorplan interest expense (1,875) (1,175) 700 59.6 Other interest expense (5,069) (4,537) 532 11.7 
 The increase in interest and other income (expense) compared to fiscal 2022 is primarily the result of a strengthening U.S. dollar relative to the Euro thus creating foreign currency gains in fiscal 2023. The increase in floorplan interest expense for fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022, was primarily due to increased interest-bearing borrowings. The increase in other interest expense in fiscal 2023 is the result of an increased amount of long term debt resulting from real estate purchased via acquisition or the buyout of previously leased facilities in fiscal 2022 and 2023. 
 Provision for Income Taxes Year Ended January 31, Percent 2023 2022 Increase Change (dollars in thousands) Provision for Income Taxes 33,373 20,854 12,519 60.0 
 Our effective tax rate increased from 24.0 in fiscal 2022 to 24.7 in fiscal 2023. The effective tax rate for each of the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, is subject to variation due to factors such as impact of certain discrete items, mainly the vesting of share-based compensation, the mix of domestic and foreign income and the impact of valuation allowances on certain of our foreign deferred tax assets. 
 See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on our effective tax rate. 
 34 

Table of Conten ts 

 Segment Results Year Ended January 31, Increase/ Percent 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue Agriculture 1,601,720 1,076,751 524,969 48.8 Construction 308,457 317,164 (8,707) (2.7) International 299,129 317,991 (18,862) (5.9) Total 2,209,306 1,711,906 497,400 29.1 Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes Agriculture 102,733 60,567 42,166 69.6 Construction 18,569 15,543 3,026 19.5 International 20,197 12,552 7,645 60.9 Segment income before income taxes 141,499 88,662 52,837 59.6 Shared Resources (6,258) (1,761) (4,497) n/m Total 135,241 86,901 48,340 55.6 
 Agriculture 
 Agriculture segment revenue for fiscal 2023 increased 48.8 or 525.0 million compared to the same period last year. The higher revenue was driven primarily by an increase in same-store sales of 29.3 for fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022, as well as the acquisitions of Jaycox Implement, Mark's Machinery, and the Heartland Companies in December 2021, April 2022, and August 2022, respectively. The same-store sales increase was driven by increased demand for equipment due to higher commodity prices and higher net farm income. 
 Agriculture segment income before income taxes for fiscal 2023 improved by 42.2 million or 69.6 compared to fiscal 2022. The improvement in segment results was primarily the result of higher equipment revenue along with stronger gross profit margin on equipment driven by increased demand. 
 Construction 
 Construction segment revenue for fiscal 2023 decreased 2.7 or 8.7 million compared to fiscal 2022. However, when accounting for the divestitures of the Billings, Great Falls, and Missoula, Montana and Gillette, Wyoming stores in January 2022, and the North Dakota consumer products store in March 2022, same-store sales increased 25.7 . Higher same-store sales were driven by increased construction activity throughout our footprint. 
 The Construction segment income before income taxes was 18.6 million for fiscal 2023 compared to income of 15.5 million for the prior year. The improvement in segment results was primarily due to increased construction activity within our footprint and an increase in rental fleet utilization. The dollar utilization of our rental fleet increased from 26.5 in fiscal 2022 to 30.2 in fiscal 2023. The prior year benefited from a 5.7 million gain on the divestitures of the Billings, Great Falls, and Missoula, Montana and Gillette, Wyoming stores in January 2022. 
 International 
 International segment revenue for fiscal 2023 decreased 5.9 or 18.9 million compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to a 10.9 devaluation of the Euro, the functional currency in much of our international footprint, but was partially offset by higher commodity prices which drove demand for equipment sales, in fiscal 2023. Revenue, net of the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, was up 4.2 or 13.3 million compared to fiscal 2022. The segment was also negatively impacted by a 40.5 decrease in revenues from our Ukrainian subsidiary due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, compared to fiscal 2022. 
 Our International segment income before income taxes was 20.2 million for fiscal 2023, compared to 12.6 million for fiscal 2022. The higher segment results were primarily the result of improved gross profit margin for our three main revenue streams, equipment, parts, and service. There were no fixed or intangible asset impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2023, while 1.5 million of charges were recognized in fiscal 2022 related to the impairment of certain intangible and long-lived assets of our German subsidiary. 
 35 

Table of Conten ts 

 Shared Resources/Eliminations 
 We incur centralized expenses/income at our general corporate level, which we refer to as Shared Resources, and then allocate most of these net expenses to our segments. Since these allocations are set early in the year, and a portion is planned to be unallocated, unallocated balances may occur and cause a difference in reported shared resource expense. Shared Resource loss before income taxes was 6.3 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 1.8 million for fiscal 2022. Aside from the allocation difference, the lower shared resources results were driven by 1.1 million o f acquisition related expenses incurred for the Heartland Companies acquisition. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our net income and diluted earnings per share ("diluted EPS"), both GAAP measures, we present, and our management utilizes, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP financial measures. Generally, these non-GAAP financial measures include adjustments for items such as impairment charges and foreign currency remeasurement gains/losses in Ukraine. Furthermore, we calculate adjusted EBITDA as our net income (loss), adjusted for net interest (excluding floorplan interest expense), income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and the adjustments included in our non-GAAP reconciliation as described above, for each of the respective periods. We believe that the presentation of adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted EBITDA is relevant and useful to our management and investors because they each provide a measurement of earnings on activities that we consider to occur in the ordinary course of our business. In addition, our management uses adjusted EBITDA, as a supplemental measure of financial performance, to evaluate the Company's overall operating performance and believes it provides a useful metric for comparability between periods and across entities within our industry by excluding differences in capital structure, income taxes, non-cash charges and certain activities that occur outside of the ordinary course of our business. Adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted EBITDA should be evaluated in addition to, and not considered a substitute for, or superior to, the most comparable GAAP financial measure. In addition, other companies may calculate these non-GAAP financial measures in a different manner, which may hinder comparability of our results with those of other companies. 
 The following tables reconcile net income and diluted EPS, GAAP financial measures, to adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP financial measures. Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Adjusted Net Income 
 Net Income 
 101,868 66,047 Adjustments Impairment charges 1,498 Ukraine remeasurement (gain) / loss 777 (263) Total Adjustments (1) 777 1,235 Adjusted Net Income 
 102,645 67,282 Adjusted Diluted EPS Diluted EPS 4.49 2.92 Adjustments (2) Impairment charges 0.07 Ukraine remeasurement (gain) / loss 0.03 (0.01) Total Adjustments (1) 0.03 0.06 Adjusted Diluted EPS 4.52 2.98 
 36 

Table of Conten ts 

 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Adjusted EBITDA Net Income 
 101,868 66,047 Adjustments Interest expense, net of interest income 4,730 4,208 Provision for income taxes 33,373 20,854 Depreciation and amortization 25,197 22,139 EBITDA 165,168 113,248 Adjustments Impairment charges 1,498 Ukraine remeasurement (gain) / loss 777 (263) Total Adjustments 777 1,235 Adjusted EBITDA 165,945 114,483 
 (1) Due to the income tax valuation allowance on the Ukrainian and German subsidiaries, there are no tax adjustments of the Ukraine remeasurement (gain)/loss or the impairment charge. 
 (2) Adjustments are net of the impact of amounts allocated to participating securities where applicable 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash reserves, cash generated from operations, and borrowings under our floorplan payable and other credit facilities. We expect these sources of liquidity to be sufficient to fund our working capital requirements, acquisitions, capital expenditures and other investments in our business, service our debt, pay our tax and lease obligations and other commitments and contingencies, and meet any seasonal operating requirements for the foreseeable future, provided, however, that our borrowing capacity under our credit agreements is dependent on compliance with various financial covenants as further described in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. We have worked in the past, and will continue to work in the future if necessary, with our lenders to implement satisfactory modifications to these financial covenants when appropriate for the business conditions confronted by us. 
 Equipment Inventory and Floorplan Payable Credit Facilities 
 Floorplan payable balances reflect the amount owed for new equipment inventory purchased from a manufacturer and used equipment inventory, which is primarily purchased through trade-in on equipment sales, net of unamortized debt issuance costs incurred for floorplan credit facilities. Certain of the manufacturers from which we purchase new equipment inventory offer financing on these purchases, either offered directly from the manufacturer or through the manufacturers captive finance affiliate. CNH Industrial's captive finance subsidiary, CNH Industrial Capital, also provides financing of used equipment inventory. We also have floorplan payable balances with non-manufacturer lenders for new and used equipment inventory. Borrowings and repayments on manufacturer floorplan facilities are reported as operating cash flows, while borrowings and repayments on non-manufacturer floorplan facilities are reported as financing cash flows in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had floorplan payable lines of credit for equipment purchases totaling 781.0 million, which includes a 500.0 million credit facility with CNH Industrial Capital, a 185.0 million floorplan payable line under the Bank Syndicate Agreement, a 50.0 million credit facility with DLL Finance, and additional credit facilities related to our foreign subsidiaries. Available borrowing capacity under these lines of credit are reduced by amounts outstanding under such facilities, borrowing base calculations and amount of standby letters of credit outstanding with respect to the Bank Syndicate Agreement, and certain acquisition-related financing arrangements with respect to the CNH Industrial Capital credit facility. As of January 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under its credit agreements. Additional details on each of these credit facilities are disclosed in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. 
 37 

Table of Conten ts 

 As of January 31, 2023, the Company was not subject to the fixed charge ratio covenant under the Bank Syndicate Agreement as our adjusted excess availability plus eligible cash collateral (as defined in the Bank Syndicate Agreement) was not less than 15 of the total amount of the credit facility. Please refer to Note 8 to our consolidated financial statement included in Item 8 for further information regarding the Company's line of credit. 
 Our equipment inventory turnover decreased slightly to 3.3 times for fiscal 2023 compared to 3.4 times for fiscal 2022. Our equipment inventory balance increased 65.1 from January 31, 2022 to January 31, 2023. The decrease in equipment turnover was primarily due to the increase in average equipment inventory in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 but was mostly offset by an increase in equipment cost of sales over these time periods. Our equity in equipment inventory, which reflects the portion of our equipment inventory balance that is not financed by floorplan payables, decreased to 51.7 as of January 31, 2023, from 58.2 as of January 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to drawing on our floorplan loan with the Bank Syndicate to finance acquisitions in fiscal 2023. 
 Long-Term Debt Facilities 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had a 65.0 million working capital line of credit under the Bank Syndicate Agreement (the "Revolver Loan"). The Revolver Loan is used to finance our working capital requirements and fund certain capital expenditures, as needed. As of January 31, 2023, the Company did not have a need to utilize any of the Revolver Loan, as such the outstanding balance was zero. The Company works with various lenders to finance the purchase of real estate we currently lease or are acquiring through an acquisition. The Company may also decide in the future to finance a portion of our rental fleet as well as our capital expenditures using long-term debt from various lenders. 
 
 Adequacy of Capital Resources 
 Our primary uses of cash have been to fund our operating activities, including the purchase of inventory and providing for other working capital needs; meeting our debt service requirements; making payments due under our various leasing arrangements; and funding capital expenditures, including the purchase of rental fleet assets. The primary factor affecting our ability to generate cash and to meet cash requirements, is our operating performance as impacted by (i) industry factors, (ii) competition, (iii) general economic conditions, (iv) the timing and extent of acquisitions, and (v) business and other factors including those identified in Item 1A "Risk Factors" and discussed in this Form 10-K. 
 Our ability to service our debt will depend upon our ability to generate necessary cash. This will in turn depend on our future acquisition activity, operating performance, general economic conditions, and financial, competitive, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our immediate control. Based on our current operational performance, we believe our cash flow from operations, available cash, and available borrowings under our existing credit facilities will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs beyond the next 12 months. 
 In fiscal 2023, we used 10.0 million in cash for rental fleet purchases and 27.2 million in cash for property and equipment purchases and financed 6.4 million in property and equipment purchases with long-term debt and finance leases. The property and equipment purchases in fiscal 2023 primarily related to improvements to, or purchases of, real estate assets and the purchase of vehicles. In fiscal 2022, we used 14.6 million in cash for rental fleet purchases, 23.0 million in cash for property and equipment purchases, and financed 14.6 million in property and equipment purchases with long-term debt. The property and equipment purchases in fiscal 2022 primarily related to the purchase of vehicles, trucks and real estate. We expect our cash expenditures for property and equipment, exclusive of rental fleet purchases, for fiscal 2024 to be approximately 35.0 million and expect cash expenditures for our rental fleet for fiscal 2024 to be approximately 12.0 million. The actual amount of our fiscal 2024 capital expenditures will depend upon factors such as general economic conditions, growth prospects for our industry and our decisions regarding financing and leasing options. We currently expect to finance property and equipment purchases with borrowings under our existing credit facilities, financing with long-term debt, with available cash or with cash flow from operations. We may need to incur additional debt if we pursue any future acquisitions. 
 There can be no assurances, however, that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under the credit facilities with the Bank Syndicate, CNH Industrial Capital and DLL Finance in amounts sufficient to allow us to service our indebtedness and to meet our other commitments. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to obtain sufficient future borrowings, we may be required to seek one or more alternatives such as refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, selling material assets or operations or seeking to raise additional debt or equity capital. There can be no assurances that we will be able to succeed with one of these alternatives on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, if we pursue strategic acquisitions, we may require additional equity or debt financing to consummate the transactions, and we cannot assure you that we will succeed in obtaining this financing on favorable terms or at all. If we incur additional indebtedness to finance any of these transactions, this may place increased demands on our cash flow from operations to service the resulting increased debt. Our existing debt agreements contain restrictive covenants that may restrict our ability to adopt any of these alternatives. Any non-compliance by us under the terms 
 38 

Table of Conten ts 

 of our debt agreements could result in an event of default which, if not cured, could result in the acceleration of our debt. We have met all financial covenants under these credit agreements as of January 31, 2023. If anticipated operating results create the likelihood of a future covenant violation, we would seek to work with our lenders on an appropriate modification or amendment to our financing arrangements. 
 We enter into contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business that may require future cash payments. Such obligations include, but are not limited to, debt arrangements, leasing arrangements, and costs related to Information Technology ("IT"), including ERP expenses. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements provide additional information in regard to Long Term Debt (Note 10) and Leases (Note 13). Other purchase obligations consist primarily of IT related expenses with estimated cash payments of 4.7 million for fiscal 2024, as well as a combined 4.7 million for fiscal years 2025, 2026, and 2027. 
 
 Cash Flow 
 Cash Flow Provided By Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2023 was 10.8 million compared to 158.9 million in fiscal 2022. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily the result of an increasing inventory balance and a decrease in deferred revenue which were partially offset by an increase in net income and manufacturer floorplan payable balance during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. 
 Cash Flow Used For Investing Activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities is primarily comprised of cash used for property and equipment purchases, including rental fleet purchases, and for business acquisitions. 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 134.1 million in fiscal 2023, compared to 55.2 million in fiscal 2022. The driver was an increase in acquisition activity, as the Company utilized 100.5 million of cash for acquisitions in fiscal 2023, compared to 33.6 million in the prior year. 
 Cash Flow Provided By (Used For) Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 22.0 million in fiscal 2023, compared to net cash used for financing activities of 35.3 million in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was the result of increased non-manufacturer floorplan payables, which was used to finance acquisitions in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 In the preparation of financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), we are required to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the related disclosures. While we believe the estimates and judgments we use in preparing our financial statements are appropriate, they are subject to future events and uncertainties regarding their outcome and therefore actual results may materially differ from these estimates. We describe in Note 1, Business Activity and Significant Accounting Polices, of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements the significant accounting policies used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. We consider the following items in our consolidated financial statements to require significant estimation or judgment. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Equipment revenue transactions include the sale of agricultural and construction equipment and often include both cash and noncash consideration received from our customers, with noncash consideration in the form of used, trade-in, equipment assets. The amount of revenue recognized in the sale transaction is dependent on the value assigned to the trade-in asset. Significant judgment is required to estimate the value of trade-in assets. We assign value based on the estimated selling price for that piece of equipment in the applicable market, less a gross profit amount to be realized at the time the trade-in asset is sold and an estimate of any reconditioning work required to ready the asset for sale. We estimate future selling prices of trade-in assets using various external industry data and relevant internal information, and consider the impact of various factors including model year, hours of use, overall condition, and other equipment specifications. Our estimates of the value of trade-in assets are impacted by changing market values of used equipment and the availability of relevant and reliable third-party data. In instances in which relevant third-party information is not available, the value assigned to trade-in equipment is dependent on internal judgments. 
 39 

Table of Conten ts 

 Inventories 
 New and used equipment inventories are stated at the lower of cost (specific identification) or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The majority of our used equipment inventory is acquired through trade-ins from our customers and is initially measured and recognized based on the estimated future selling price of the equipment, less a gross profit amount to be realized when the trade-in asset is sold and an estimate of any reconditioning work required to ready the asset for sale. Subsequent to the initial recognition, all new and used equipment inventories are subject to lower of cost or net realizable value assessments. We estimate net realizable value using internal information, management judgment and third-party data that considers various factors including age and condition of equipment, hours of use and market conditions. Generally, used equipment prices are more volatile to changes in market conditions than prices for new equipment due to incentive programs that may be offered by manufacturers to assist in the sale of new equipment. We review our equipment inventory values and adjust them whenever the carrying amount exceeds the estimated net realizable value. 
 Parts inventories are valued at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. We estimate net realizable value of our parts inventories based on various factors including aging and sales history of each type of parts inventory. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Our long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment and operating lease assets. We review these assets for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows of such assets to their carrying values. If the estimated undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, the carrying value is considered recoverable and no impairment recognition is required. However, if the sum of the undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset, the second step of the impairment analysis must be performed to measure the amount of the impairment, if any. The second step of the impairment analysis compares the estimated fair value of the long-lived asset to its carrying value and any amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value is recognized as an impairment charge. 
 When reviewing long-lived assets for impairment, we group long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Long-lived assets deployed and used by individual store locations are reviewed for impairment at the individual store level. Other long-lived assets shared across stores within a segment or shared across segments are reviewed for impairment on a segment or consolidated level as appropriate. 
 During our 2023 fiscal year, we determined that events or circumstances were present that may indicate that the carrying amount of certain of our store long-lived assets might not be recoverable. The events or circumstances which indicated that certain of our store long-lived assets might not be recoverable included a current period operating loss combined with historical losses and anticipated future operating losses within certain of our stores, or an expectation that a long-lived asset (or asset group) will be disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life. In light of these circumstances, we performed step one of the impairment analysis for these assets, which have a combined carrying value of 12.6 million, to determine if the asset values are recoverable. In all cases, our analyses indicated that the carrying values are recoverable based on our estimates of future undiscounted cash flows under step one of the impairment analysis. 
 Our impairment analyses require significant judgment, including identification of the grouping of long-lived and other assets and liabilities for impairment testing, estimates of future cash flows arising from these groups of assets and liabilities, and estimates of the remaining useful lives of the long-lived assets being evaluated. Our estimates inherently include a degree of uncertainty and are impacted by macroeconomic and industry conditions, the competitive environment and other factors. Adverse changes in any of these factors in future periods could result in impairment charges in future periods which could materially impact our results of operations and financial position. 
 Income Taxes 
 In determining our provision for income taxes, we must make certain judgments and estimates, including an assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets. In evaluating our ability to realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our historical operating results and our expectation of future taxable income, the availability to implement prudent tax-planning strategies, and the carryforward periods over which the assets may be realized. These assumptions require significant judgment and estimation. 
 In reviewing our deferred tax assets as of January 31, 2023, we concluded that a full valuation allowance continued to be warranted on our Ukrainian and German subsidiaries and our Luxembourg holding company. Due to continued improved performance, a release of the remaining valuation allowance on the Company's Bulgarian subsidiary was recorded. In total, valuation allowances of 6.5 million exist for our international entities as of January 31, 2023. 
 40 

Table of Conten ts 

 At the end of fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, the Company concluded a full valuation allowance continued to be warranted on our Ukrainian subsidiary. It was also concluded that a full valuation allowance was warranted on our German subsidiary and we also recorded a full valuation allowance of our Luxembourg holding company. Due to improved performance, a partial release of a valuation allowance for the Company's Bulgarian subsidiary was recorded. In total, valuation allowances of 6.0 million existed for certain of our international entities as of January 31, 2022. 
 The initial recognition of, and any changes in, a deferred tax asset valuation allowance are recorded to the provision for income taxes and impacts our effective tax rate. Our assessment of the need for, and magnitude of, valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets may be impacted by changes in tax laws, our assumptions regarding the ability to generate future taxable income and the availability of tax-planning strategies. Changes in any of these factors could lead to a change in the recognized valuation allowance which may impact our future results of operations and financial position. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1, Business Activity and Significant Accounting Polices, of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements recently adopted or not yet adopted and the impact or anticipated impact of such pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. We include "forward-looking" information in this Form 10-K, including this Item 7, as well as in other materials filed or to be filed by us with the SEC (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us). 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "ongoing," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are not guarantees of performance. These statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Our forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K generally relate to the following: 
 our beliefs and intentions with respect to our growth strategies, including growth through strategic acquisitions, the types of acquisition targets we intend to pursue, the availability of suitable acquisition targets, the industry climate for dealer consolidation, and our ability to implement our growth strategies; 
 our beliefs with respect to factors that will affect demand and seasonality of purchasing in the agricultural and construction industries; 
 our beliefs with respect to our primary supplier (CNH Industrial) of equipment and parts inventory; 
 our beliefs with respect to the equipment market, our competitors and our competitive advantages; 
 our beliefs with respect to the impact of U.S federal government policies on the agriculture economy; 
 our beliefs with respect to the impact of commodity prices for the fossil fuels and other commodities on our operating results; 
 our beliefs with respect to the impact of government regulations; 
 our beliefs with respect to our business strengths and the diversity of our customer base; 
 our plans and beliefs with respect to real property used in our business; 
 our plans and beliefs regarding future sales, sales mix, and marketing activities; 
 our beliefs and assumptions regarding the payment of dividends; 
 our beliefs and assumptions regarding valuation reserves, equipment inventory balances, fixed operating expenses, and absorption rate; 
 our beliefs and expectations regarding the impact of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict on our Ukrainian operations; 
 our beliefs and assumptions with respect to our rental equipment operations; 
 our beliefs with respect to our employee relations; 
 41 

Table of Conten ts 

 our assumptions, beliefs and expectations with respect to past and future market conditions, including interest rates, and public infrastructure spending, new environmental standards, and the impact these conditions will have on our operating results; 
 our beliefs with respect to the impact of our credit agreements, including future interest expense, limits on corporate transactions, financial covenant compliance, and ability to negotiate amendments or waivers, if needed; 
 our beliefs with respect to the impact of increase or decrease in applicable foreign exchange rates; 
 our plans and assumptions for future capital expenditures and rental fleet purchases; 
 our cash needs, sources of liquidity, and the adequacy of our working capital. 
 Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are not guarantees of performance. These statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Important assumptions relating to the forward-looking statements include, among others, assumptions regarding demand for our products, the expansion of product offerings geographically, the timing and cost of planned capital expenditures, competitive conditions and general economic conditions. These assumptions could prove inaccurate. Forward-looking statements also involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results that differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the impact of the Russian-Ukraine military conflict on our operations in Ukraine; 
 assumptions regarding our cash needs and the amount of inventory we need on hand; 
 general economic conditions and construction activity in the markets where we operate; 
 our dependence on CNH Industrial, our primary supplier of equipment and parts inventory, and our relationships with other equipment suppliers; 
 the terms of the CNH dealer agreements that subject us to restrictions that may adversely impact our business and growth; 
 the risks associated with our international operations; 
 risks resulting from the implementation or design of our new ERP system; 
 risks resulting from the impact of the enactment of "right to repair" legislation; 
 the impact of security breaches and other disruptions to our information system; 
 our level of indebtedness and ability to comply with the terms of agreements governing our indebtedness; 
 the risks associated with the expansion of our business; 
 the risks resulting from outbreaks or other public health crises, including the continuing impact of COVID-19 on our business; 
 the potential inability to integrate any businesses we acquire; 
 competitive pressures; 
 significant fluctuations in the price of our common stock; 
 risks related to our dependence on our information technology systems and the impact of potential breaches and other disruptions; 
 compliance with laws and regulations; and 
 other factors discussed under "Risk Factors" or elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 You should read the risk factors and the other cautionary statements made in this Form 10-K as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified timeframe, if at all. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 
 42 

Table of Conten ts 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Exposure to changes in interest rates results from borrowing activities used to fund operations. For fixed rate debt, interest rate changes affect the fair value of financial instruments but do not impact earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for floating rate debt, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair market value but do impact future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. We have both fixed and floating rate financing. Some of our floating rate credit facilities contain minimum rates of interest to be charged. Based upon our interest-bearing balances and interest rates as of January 31, 2023, holding other variables constant, a one percentage point increase in interest rates for the next 12-month period would decrease pre-tax earnings and cash flow by approximately 0.5 million. Conversely, a one percentage point decrease in interest rates for the next 12-month period would result in an increase to pre-tax earnings and cash flow of approximately 0.5 million. At January 31, 2023, we had total floorplan payables outstanding of 258.4 million, of which 45.4 million was interest-bearing at variable interest rates and 213.0 million was non-interest bearing. In addition, at January 31, 2023, we had total long-term debt outstanding and finance lease liabilities of 99.6 million, primarily all of which is fixed rate debt. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Our foreign currency exposures arise as the result of our foreign operations. We are exposed to transactional foreign currency exchange rate risk through our foreign entities holding assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currency. In addition, the Company is exposed to foreign currency transaction risk as a result of certain intercompany financing transactions. The Company attempts to manage its transactional foreign currency exchange rate risk through the use of derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts, or through natural hedging instruments. Based upon balances and exchange rates as of January 31, 2023, holding other variables constant, we believe that a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in all applicable foreign exchange rates would not have a material impact on our results of operations or cash flows. As of January 31, 2023, our Ukrainian subsidiary had (0.2) million of net monetary assets denominated in Ukrainian hryvnia (UAH). We have attempted to minimize our net monetary asset position through reducing overall asset levels in Ukraine and through borrowing in UAH which serves as a natural hedging instrument offsetting our net UAH denominated assets. Many of the currency and payment controls the National Bank of Ukraine imposed in February 2022, have been relaxed, making it more practicable to manage our UAH exposure. However, the continuation of the Russia/Ukraine conflict could lead to more significant UAH devaluations, similar to the 24 devaluation that occurred in July 2022, or more stringent payment controls in the future. The inability to fully manage our net monetary asset position and continued UAH devaluations for an extended period of time, could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition to transactional foreign currency exchange rate risk, we are also exposed to translational foreign currency exchange rate risk as we translate the results of operations and assets and liabilities of our foreign operations from their functional currency to the U.S. dollar. As a result, our results of operations, cash flows and net investment in our foreign operations may be adversely impacted by fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. We believe that a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in all applicable foreign exchange rates, holding all other variables constant, would not have a material impact on our results of operations or cash flows. 
 43 

Table of Conten ts 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related Consolidated Statements of Operations, Comprehensive Income, Stockholders' Equity, and Cash Flows for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and the notes thereto, have been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Titan Machinery Inc. Financial Statements Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 45 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 52 

44 

Table of Conten ts 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Titan Machinery Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Titan Machinery Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Part IV, Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated Marc h 30, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Inventories Valuation of Used Equipment Inventories Refer to Notes 1 and 5 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The majority of the Company s used equipment inventories are acquired through trade-ins from customers. Used equipment acquired through a trade-in or during business combinations is recorded at fair value less a normal gross profit margin. The Company determines fair value for the traded-in equipment through internal and third-party data that considers various factors including the age and condition of the equipment, hours of use, and market conditions. The Company s used equipment inventories are stated at the lower of cost (specific identification) or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The Company periodically subjects used equipment inventories to lower of cost or net realizable value assessments and adjusts carrying values when such values exceed estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates net realizable value using internal and third-party data that considers various factors including the age and condition of the equipment, hours of use, and market conditions. The used equipment inventories balance as of January 31, 2023 was 164.8 million. 
 Given the significant judgments made by management to determine the initial fair value and subsequent net realizable value of used equipment inventories, performing audit procedures to evaluate these judgments to determine the valuation of used equipment inventories required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 45 

Table of Conten ts 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s judgments regarding the valuation of used equipment inventories included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of used equipment inventories, including the reasonableness of various factors including the age and condition of the equipment, hours of use, and market conditions, used to determine the net realizable value of the equipment. 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the internal and external data used to determine the valuation of used equipment inventories. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgments utilized to determine the fair value or net realizable value of the used equipment inventories by: 
 Evaluating the reasonableness and consistency of the methodology and assumptions used by management to determine fair value or net realizable value, as applicable. 
 Testing the underlying determination of the fair value or net realizable value by obtaining sales documentation containing the age of the equipment and hours of use and comparing it to comparable internal and external data. 
 Performing a retrospective lookback analysis of management s process by comparing the actual selling prices of used equipment inventories units sold in the current year to the selling prices estimated by management for those units in the prior year, as applicable. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 30 , 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 
 
 46 

Table of Conten ts 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Titan Machinery Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Titan Machinery Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended January 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated March 30, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 As detailed in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting , management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Heartland Agriculture, LLC, Heartland Solutions, LLC, Heartland Leveraged Lender, LLC collectively the Heartland Companies ), which were acquired on August 1, 2022, and whose financial statements constitute 5.7 of total assets and 4.7 of total revenue of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended January 31, 2023. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at the Heartland Companies. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 Ma rch 30, 2023 
 47 

Table of Conten ts 

 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 AS OF JANUARY 31, 2023 AND 2022 
 (in thousands, except per share data) January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 Assets Current Assets Cash Receivables, net of allowance for expected credit losses Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Noncurrent Assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Operating lease assets Deferred income taxes Goodwill Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Other Total noncurrent assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable Floorplan payable Current maturities of long-term debt Current maturities of operating leases Deferred revenue Accrued expenses and other Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-Term Liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders' Equity Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at January 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at January 31, 2022 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 48 

Table of Conten ts 

 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023, 2022 AND 2021 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Equipment Parts Service Rental and other Total Revenue Cost of Revenue Equipment Parts Service Rental and other Total Cost of Revenue Gross Profit Operating Expenses Impairment of Goodwill Impairment of Intangible and Long-Lived Assets Income from Operations Other Income (Expense) Interest and other income Floorplan interest expense ) ) ) Other interest expense ) ) ) Income Before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Income Earnings per Share: Basic Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 49 

Table of Conten ts 

 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023, 2022 AND 2021 
 (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 

Table of Conten ts 

 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023, 2022 AND 2021 
 (in thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Outstanding Amount BALANCE, JANUARY 31, 2020 ) Common stock issued on grant of restricted stock, net of restricted stock forfeitures and restricted stock withheld for employee withholding tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative-effect adjustment of adopting ASC 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss BALANCE, JANUARY 31, 2021 Common stock issued on grant of restricted stock, net of restricted stock forfeitures and restricted stock withheld for employee withholding tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) BALANCE, JANUARY 31, 2022 ) Common stock issued on grant of restricted stock, net of restricted stock forfeitures and restricted stock withheld for employee withholding tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) BALANCE, JANUARY 31, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 

Table of Conten ts 

 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023, 2022 AND 2021 
 (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and long lived assets Deferred income taxes ) Stock-based compensation expense Noncash interest expense Gain on sale of property equipment ) ) ) Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities 
 Receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets ) Inventories ) Manufacturer floorplan payable ) Deferred revenue ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other and other long-term liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Investing Activities Rental fleet purchases ) ) ) Property and equipment purchases (excluding rental fleet) ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Acquisition consideration, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash Used for Investing Activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Net change in non-manufacturer floorplan payable ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt borrowings Principal payments on long-term debt and finance leases ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash ) ) Net Change in Cash ) Cash at Beginning of Period Cash at End of Period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period Income taxes, net of refunds Interest Supplemental Disclosures of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities 
 Net property and equipment financed with long-term debt, capital leases, accounts payable and accrued liabilities Long-term debt to acquire finance leases Net transfer of assets from (to) property and equipment to (from) inventories ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 1 - 

53 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 54 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 days from the invoice date. Balances unpaid after the due date based on trade terms are considered past due and begin to accrue interest. Payments of trade receivables are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer's remittance advice or, if unspecified, are applied to the earliest unpaid invoices. Trade accounts receivable due from manufacturers relate to discount programs and incentive programs. Trade accounts receivable due from finance companies primarily consist of contracts in transit with finance companies and balances due from credit card companies. These receivables do not generally have established payment terms but are collected in relatively short time periods. Unbilled receivables primarily represent unbilled labor hours incurred and parts inventories consumed during the performance of service arrangements for our customers at the Company's retail rates. 
 The carrying amount of trade receivables is reduced by a valuation allowance that reflects management's best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management reviews aged receivable balances and estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Account balances are charged off after all appropriate means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

- years or lease term 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 Vehicles - years 
 Rental fleet - years 
 
 Depreciation for income tax reporting purposes is computed using accelerated methods. 

56 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million on long-lived assets during the year ended January 31, 2022, which were related to the International segment. The Company recognized impairment charges totaling million on long-lived assets during the year ended January 31, 2021, of which million related to the Agriculture segment and million related to the Construction segment. All impairment charges recognized are included in the Impairment of Intangible and Long-Lived Assets line item in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 . 
 million, million, and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 - 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Allocation to participating securities ) ) ) Net income attributable to Titan Machinery Inc. common stockholders Denominator Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Plus: incremental shares from assumed vesting of restricted stock units 
 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Earnings per Share: Basic Diluted 

NOTE 3 - 
 Parts Service Other Revenue from contracts with customers Rental Total revenues 
 Parts Service Other Revenue from contracts with customers Rental Total revenues 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Parts Service Other Revenue from contracts with customers Rental Total revenues 
 Deferred revenue from contracts with customers totaled million and million as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. Our deferred revenue most often increases in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, due to a higher level of customer down payments or prepayments. The decrease in deferred revenue from January 31, 2022 to January 31, 2023, was primarily due to lower trade-in activity on pending equipment sale transactions as customer's are less willing to give up their trade until their new equipment is delivered, due to the delays in getting new equipment over the past year. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company recognized substantially all of the revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of January 31, 2022. 
 Deferred revenue from rental and other contracts 
 No material amount of revenue was recognized during the year ended January 31, 2023 from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. The Company has elected as a practical expedient to not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of service of one year or less, and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. The contracts for which the practical expedient has been applied include (i) equipment revenue transactions, which do not have a stated contractual term, but are short-term in nature, and (ii) service revenue transactions, which also do not have a stated contractual term but are generally completed within and for such contracts we recognize revenue over time at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services completed to date. 
 
 NOTE 4 - 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Unbilled receivables Less allowance for expected credit losses Trade receivables due from finance companies Trade and unbilled receivables from rental contracts Trade receivables Unbilled receivables Less allowance for expected credit losses Other receivables Due from manufacturers Other Receivables, net of allowance for expected credit losses 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Current expected credit loss provision ) Write-offs charged against allowance Credit loss recoveries collected Foreign exchange impact ) ) Balance at January 31, 2022 Current expected credit loss provision Write-offs charged against allowance Credit loss recoveries collected Foreign exchange impact ) ) Balance at January 31, 2023 
 The increase in the credit loss provision in the International segment, during the twelve months ended January 31, 2023, was driven by a 1.0 million bad debt provision placed on the accounts receivables due from customers of Titan Machinery Ukraine. 
 Receivables from rental contracts ) 

NOTE 5 - Used equipment Parts and attachments Work in process 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 6 - Machinery and equipment Vehicles Furniture and fixtures Land, buildings, and leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation 
 million, million, and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. All other depreciation expense is included in Operating Expenses, which totaled million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had assets related to sale-leaseback financing obligations and finance leases associated with real estate of store locations, which are included in the land, buildings and leasehold improvements balance above. Such assets had gross carrying values totaling million and million, and accumulated amortization balances totaling million and million, as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 NOTE 7 - 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) ) ) 
 Intangible asset amortization expense was million for the year ended January 31, 2023, and 0.1 million for the two years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021. The covenants not to compete and customer relationships assets for the year ended January 31, 2023 have a weighted-average amortization period of 4.8 years and 5 years, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

64 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Arising from business combinations Foreign currency translation ) ) Impairment Balance, January 31, 2022 Arising from business combinations Balance, January 31, 2023 
 The Company performs at least an annual impairment testing of its indefinite-lived distribution rights intangible assets. Under the impairment test, the fair value of distribution rights intangible assets is estimated based on a multi-period excess earnings model, an income approach. This model allocates future estimated earnings of the store/complex amongst working capital, fixed assets and other intangible assets of the store/complex and any remaining earnings (the "excess earnings") are allocated to the distribution rights intangible assets. The earnings allocated to the distribution rights are then discounted to arrive at the present value of the future estimated excess earnings, which represents the estimated fair value of the distribution rights intangible asset. The discount rate applied reflects the Company's estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital of comparable companies plus an additional risk premium to reflect the additional risk inherent in the distribution right asset. The results of the Company's annual distribution rights impairment test for the year ended January 31, 2023, indicated no impairment. 
 The results of the Company's impairment testing for the Germany distribution rights intangible assets for the quarter ended July 31, 2021, indicated that the estimated fair value of the tested distribution rights was below the carrying value of such assets, thus requiring an impairment to be recognized. Impairment charges of million were recognized and are included in the Impairment of Intangibles and Long-lived Assets amount in the consolidated statements of operations. The impairment charges arose as the result of lowered expectations of the future financial performance of this reporting unit. The Company's assumptions about future financial performance were impacted by the current year operating performance of this reporting unit and by the anticipated impact that challenging industry conditions, including COVID-19, may have on the future financial performance of this reporting unit. 
 The results of the Company's impairment testing for the Germany distribution rights intangible assets for the quarter ended October 31, 2020, indicated that the estimated fair value of the tested distribution rights was below the carrying value of such assets, thus requiring an impairment to be recognized. Impairment charges of 0.9 million were recognized and are included in the Impairment of Intangibles and Long-lived Assets amount in the consolidated statements of operations. The impairment charges arose as the result of lowered expectations of the future financial performance of this reporting unit. The Company's assumptions about future financial performance were impacted by the current year operating performance of this reporting unit and by the anticipated impact that challenging industry conditions, including COVID-19, may have on the future financial performance of this reporting unit. 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, no impairment charges were recognized in association with indefinite-lived intangible assets. During the years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and 0.9 million of impairment charges associated with its distribution rights in its German reporting unit. 
 The Company had gross indefinite-lived intangible assets of 18.4 million and accumulated impairments of 1.1 million as of January 31, 2023. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Arising from business combinations Balance, January 31, 2022 Arising from business combinations Balance, January 31, 2023 
 The Company performs an annual impairment testing of goodwill as of December 31st of each year. Under the impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using an income approach in which a discounted cash flow analysis is utilized, which includes a five-year forecast of future operating performance for the reporting unit and a terminal value that estimates sustained long-term growth. The discount rate applied to the estimated future cash flows reflects an estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital of comparable companies. During the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not recognize any impairment charges. 

NOTE 8 - 
 million, which is primarily comprised of three significant floorplan lines of credit: (i) a million credit facility with CNH Industrial, (ii) a million line of credit with a group of banks (the "Bank Syndicate"), and (iii) a million credit facility with DLL Finance LLC DLL Finance ). 
 CNH Industrial Floorplan Payable Line of Credit 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had a million credit facility with CNH Industrial, of which million is available for domestic financing and million is available for European financing. 
 The domestic financing facility offers financing for new and used equipment inventories. Available borrowings under the credit facility are reduced by outstanding floorplan payable balances and other acquisition-related financing arrangements with CNH Industrial. The credit facility charges interest at a rate dependent on the Company's Retail Finance Market Share, as defined in the credit facility agreement, and ranges from 0.5 to plus the rate for the financing of new and used equipment inventories and rental fleet assets. CNH Industrial offers periods of reduced interest rates and interest-free periods. Repayment terms vary, but generally payments are made from sales proceeds or rental revenue generated from the related inventories or rental fleet assets. Balances under the outstanding CNH Industrial credit facility are secured by the inventory or rental fleet purchased with the floorplan proceeds. The European financing facility offers financing for new equipment inventories. Available borrowings under the credit facility are reduced by outstanding floorplan payable balances. Amounts outstanding are generally due approximately 75 days after the date of invoice by CNH Industrial. Generally, no interest is charged on outstanding balances. However, in certain international markets the Company receives extended terms from CNH 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 :1.00 and minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of :1.00. It also contains various restrictive covenants that require prior consent of CNH Industrial if the Company desires to engage in any acquisition of, consolidation or merger with, any other business entity in which the Company is not the surviving company; create subsidiaries; move any collateral outside of the U.S.; or sell, rent, lease or otherwise dispose or transfer any of the collateral, other than in the ordinary course of business. CNH Industrial s consent is also required for the acquisition of any CNH Industrial dealership. In addition, the CNH Industrial credit facility restricts the Company's ability to incur any liens upon any substantial part of the assets. The credit facility automatically renews on August 31st of each year unless earlier terminated by either party. As of January 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the adjusted debt to tangible net worth and fixed charge coverage ratio financial covenants under this credit facility. 
 Bank Syndicate Credit Agreement - Floorplan Payable and Working Capital Lines of Credit 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had a 250.0 million credit facility under a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "Bank Syndicate Agreement"), consisting of a million floorplan facility (the "Floorplan Loan") and a million operating line (the "Revolver Loan"). The amounts available under the Bank Syndicate Agreement are subject to base calculations and reduced by outstanding standby letters of credit and certain reserves. The Bank Syndicate Agreement includes a variable interest rate on outstanding balances, charges a non-usage fee on the average monthly unused amount, and requires monthly payments of accrued interest. The Company elects at the time of any advance to choose a Base Rate Loan or a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") Rate Loan. The SOFR Rate is based upon one-month, three-month, or six-month SOFR, as chosen by the Company, plus an applicable margin, plus 11.4 basis points for one-month, 26.2 basis points for three-month, and 42.8 basis points for six-month loans. In no event shall the SOFR Rate be less than zero. The Base Rate is the greater of (a) the prime rate of interest announced, from time to time, by Bank of America; (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus , or (c) the one-month SOFR Rate plus plus applicable margin, plus 11.4 basis points. In no event shall the Base Rate be less than zero. The applicable margin rate is determined based on excess availability under the Bank Syndicate Agreement and ranges from 0.5 to 1.0 for Base Rate Loans. 
 The Bank Syndicate Agreement does not obligate the Company to maintain financial covenants, except in the event that excess availability (each as defined in the Bank Syndicate Agreement) is less than 15 of the lower of the borrowing base or the size of the maximum credit line, at which point the Company is required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least :1.00. Based on our excess availability and cash collateral, we were not subject to the fixed charge coverage ratio as of January 31, 2023. The Bank Syndicate Agreement includes various restrictions on the Company and its subsidiaries' activities, including, under certain conditions, limitations on the Company s ability to make certain cash payments including for cash dividends and stock repurchases, issuance of equity instruments, acquisitions and divestitures, and entering into new indebtedness transactions. As of January 31, 2023, under these provisions of the Bank Syndicate Agreement, the Company had an unrestricted dividend availability of approximately million. The Bank Syndicate Agreement matures on April 3, 2025. 
 The Floorplan Loan is used to finance equipment inventory purchases. Amounts outstanding are recorded as floorplan payables, within current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, as the Company intends to repay amounts borrowed within one year. 
 The Revolver Loan is used to finance rental fleet equipment and for general working capital requirements of the Company. Amounts outstanding are typically recorded as long-term debt, within long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, as the Company does not have the intention or obligation to repay amounts borrowed within one year. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not have a need to utilize the revolver loan as the balance was zero for both periods. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million credit facility with DLL Finance, of which million is available for domestic financing and million is available for financing in certain of our European markets. The DLL Finance credit facility may be used to purchase or refinance new and used equipment inventory. Amounts outstanding for domestic financing bear interest on outstanding balances of plus an applicable margin of . Amounts outstanding for European financing bear interest on outstanding balances of plus an applicable margin of to . The credit facility allows for increase, decrease or termination of the facility by DLL Finance in its sole discretion at any time. The credit facility contains financial covenants that impose a maximum net leverage ratio of 3.50:1.00 and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of :1.00. The credit facility also requires the Company to obtain prior consent from DLL Finance if the Company desired to engage in any acquisition meeting certain financial thresholds. The balances outstanding with DLL Finance are secured by the inventory or rental fleet purchased with the floorplan proceeds. Repayment terms vary by individual notes, but generally payments are made from sales proceeds or rental revenue from the related inventories or rental fleet assets. As of January 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the net leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio financial covenants under this credit facility. 
 Other Lines of Credit 
 The Company s other lines of credit include various floorplan and working capital lines of credit primarily offered by non-manufacturer financing entities. Interest charged on outstanding borrowings are generally variable rates of interest most often based on EURIBOR and include interest margins primarily ranging from 1.40 to 2.50 . Outstanding balances are generally secured by inventory and other current assets. In most cases these lines of credit have a one-year maturity, with an annual review process to extend the maturity date for an additional one-year period. 
 Summary of Outstanding Amounts 
 Bank Syndicate Agreement Floorplan Loan 35,550 DLL Finance Other outstanding balances with manufacturers and non-manufacturers 
 to , compared to a range of to as of January 31, 2022. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, million and million, respectively, of outstanding floorplan payables were non-interest bearing. 
 
 NOTE 9 - Sales, payroll, real estate and value added taxes Insurance Lease residual value guarantees Finance lease liabilities Interest Other 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 10 - 
 to 
 Sale-leaseback financing obligations Various through December 2030 to 
 Vehicle loans, secured Various through November 2028 to 
 Other Various through July 2039 Total debt Less: current maturities Long-term debt, net 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 NOTE 11 - 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Total Derivatives ) 
 . 
 
 NOTE 12 - 
 
 NOTE 13 - 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest on lease liabilities Other interest expense Operating lease cost Operating expenses and rental and other cost of revenue Short-term lease cost Operating expenses Variable lease cost Operating expenses Sublease income Interest and other income ) ) ) 
 Financing lease assets (a) 
 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Total leased assets Liabilities Current Operating Current operating lease liabilities Financing Accrued expenses and other Noncurrent Operating Operating lease liabilities Financing Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 (a) Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Financing leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Financing leases 
 Operating cash flow from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Finance lease assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 As Lessor 
 The Company rents equipment to customers, primarily in the Construction segment, on a short-term basis. Our rental arrangements generally do not include minimum, noncancellable periods as the lessee is entitled to cancel the arrangement at any time. Most often, our rental arrangements extend for periods ranging from a few days to a few months. We maintain a fleet of dedicated rental assets within our Construction segment and, within all segments, may also provide short-term rentals of certain equipment inventory assets. Certain rental arrangements may include rent-to-purchase options whereby customers are given a period of time to exercise an option to purchase the related equipment at an established price with any rental payments paid applied to reduce the purchase price. 
 All of the Company's leasing arrangements as lessor are classified as operating leases. Rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the rental period. Rental revenue includes amounts charged for loss and damage insurance on rented equipment. In most cases, our rental arrangements include non-lease components, including delivery and pick-up services. The Company accounts for these non-lease components separate from the rental arrangement and recognizes the revenue associated with these components when the service is performed. The Company has elected to exclude from rental revenue all sales, value added and other taxes collected from our customers concurrent with our rental activities. Rental billings most often occur on a monthly basis and may be billed in advance or in arrears, thus creating unbilled rental receivables or deferred rental revenue amounts. The Company manages the residual value risk of its rented assets by (i) monitoring the quality, aging and anticipated retail market value of our rental fleet assets to determine the optimal period to remove an asset from the rental fleet, (ii) maintaining the quality of our assets through on-site parts and service support and (iii) requiring physical damage insurance of our lessee customers. We primarily dispose of our rental assets through the sale of the asset by our retail sales force. 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 14 - 
 Foreign ) Total 
 State Foreign Total current taxes Deferred Federal ) State Foreign ) Total deferred taxes ) Total 
 Foreign statutory rates ) ) ) State taxes on income net of federal tax benefit Valuation allowances Impact of Ukraine currency gains or losses ) ) All other, net ) ) 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Intangible assets Net operating losses Accrued liabilities and other Receivables Stock-based compensation Right of use lease liability Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Right of use lease asset ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) ) 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company has recorded million of net operating loss carryforwards within certain of its foreign jurisdictions; million of net operating loss carryforwards are within foreign jurisdictions with unlimited carryforward periods, and 4.9 million are within foreign jurisdictions that expire at various dates between the Company's fiscal years 2037 and 2038. 
 In reviewing the foreign deferred tax assets as of January 31, 2023, the Company concluded that a full valuation allowance continued to be warranted in the Company's Ukrainian subsidiary, due to geopolitical concerns in the area. The Company also concluded a full valuation allowance on the Company's German and Luxembourg subsidiaries continued to be warranted based on the presence of historical losses and our expected future sources of taxable income. In the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company released the remaining valuation allowance on its Bulgarian subsidiary, resulting in a benefit of 0.3 million. In total, valuation allowances of 6.5 million exist for our international entities as of January 31, 2023. 
 In reviewing the foreign deferred tax assets as of January 31, 2022, the Company concluded that a full valuation allowance continued to be warranted in the Company's Ukrainian subsidiary, due to geopolitical concerns in the area. It was also concluded that a full valuation allowance for the Company s German and Luxembourg subsidiaries was warranted, based on the presence of historical losses and our expected future sources of taxable income, including the anticipated future reversal of our existing deferred tax assets and liabilities. In the second quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recorded an additional 2.5 million valuation allowance related to the German and Luxembourg subsidiaries. It was also concluded that a partial release of the valuation allowance of the Company s Bulgaria subsidiary is warranted based on the presence of historical income, and our expected future sources of taxable income, including the anticipated future reversal of our existing deferred tax assets and liabilities. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a benefit of 1.3 million from the partial release of the valuation allowance related to the Company s Bulgaria subsidiary. In total, valuation allowances of 6.0 million exist for our international entities as of January 31, 2022. 
 At the end of fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, the Company concluded that a full valuation allowance continued to be warranted in certain jurisdictions. It was also concluded that a full valuation allowance for the Company's Ukrainian subsidiary was warranted and a partial valuation allowance for the Company's German subsidiary was warranted, based on the presence of historical losses and our expected future sources of taxable income, including the anticipated future reversal of our existing deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company recorded an additional 3.8 million valuation allowance related to the 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million. Upon repatriation of such earnings the Company could be subject to additional U.S. or foreign taxes. The Company has not recorded a deferred tax liability associated with these undistributed earnings as such earnings are to be reinvested outside of the U.S. indefinitely. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional tax that might be payable if such earnings were repatriated. 
 
 NOTE 15 - 
 shares of par value stock, consisting of shares of common stock and shares classified as undesignated. 
 
 NOTE 16 - 
 shares. As of January 31, 2023, the Company has shares authorized and available for future equity awards under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Compensation cost arising from stock-based compensation and charged to operations was million, million, million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The related income tax benefit (net) was million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Awards ("RSAs") 
 The Company grants RSAs as part of its long-term incentive compensation to employees and members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The fair value of these awards is determined based on the closing market price of the Company's stock on the date of grant. The RSAs primarily vest over a period of four years for employees and over one year for members of the Board of Directors. The Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the vesting period of the award. The restricted common stock underlying these awards are deemed issued and outstanding upon grant and carry the same voting and dividend rights of unrestricted outstanding common stock; provided, however, any dividends paid shall be subject to a right of forfeiture until the underlying rule of forfeiture of the RSA has lapsed. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Nonvested at January 31, 2023 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 , and during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. The total fair value of RSAs vested was million, million and million during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of January 31, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested RSAs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") 
 The Company grants RSUs as part of its long-term incentive compensation to certain employees of the Company in our European operations. The fair value of these awards is determined based on the closing market price of the Company's stock on the date of grant. The RSUs primarily vest over a period of four years. The Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the vesting period of the award. The restricted common stock underlying these awards are not deemed issued or outstanding upon grant, and do not carry any voting or dividend rights. 
 Granted Vested ) Nonvested at January 31, 2023 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted was , , and for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of January 31, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Long-Term Cash Incentive Awards 
 The Company grants long-term cash incentive awards as part of its long-term incentive compensation to certain international employees of the Company. The awards vest over a period of approximately four years and entitle the award recipient to a cash payment on the vesting date equal to the number of vested shares multiplied by the stock price of the Company on the date of vesting. These awards are liability-classified share-based payment awards in which fair value of the award is remeasured at each period until the liability is settled. Fair value of these awards is determined based on the closing price of the Company's stock as of the end of each reporting period. Changes in the fair value of the liability are recognized as compensation cost over the requisite service period. The percentage of the fair value that is accrued as compensation cost at the end of each period is equal to the percentage of the requisite service that has been rendered at that date. 
 Granted Vested ) Nonvested at January 31, 2023 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of long-term cash incentive awards granted was during the year ended January 31, 2023. As of January 31, 2023, based on the Company's stock price on that day, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 17 -) ) Total other comprehensive loss Balance, January 31, 2021 ) Total other comprehensive income ) ) Balance, January 31, 2022 ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, January 31, 2023 ) ) 

NOTE 18 - 
 years of age. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company amended the 401(k) Plan where the Company matched 50 of the first 6 of the participating employee's contribution, to a company match of on the first of the participating employee's contributions. In addition, the Company may make a discretionary contribution to the 401(k) Plan as determined by the Board of Directors, with a maximum amount equal to the amount allowed under the IRS regulations. The Company recognized expense for contributions made to the 401(k) Plan totaling million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. All amounts contributed during these years reflected matching contributions, as no discretionary contributions were made by the Company to the 401(k) Plan. 
 Additionally, the 401(k) Plan for the recent acquisition of the Heartland Companies has continued for those employees. The plan allows all full-time employees at least 21 years of age, to be eligible, and the Company will match 100 of first 4 of the participating employee's contributions. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 19 - 
 million in cash consideration. The Heartland Companies consist of 12 CaseIH commercial application agriculture locations, in the states of Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, and Wisconsin. The Heartland Companies have been a successful CaseIH commercial application dealer group and our acquisition of these entities provides the Company the opportunity for synergies due to the overlap of our footprints, which will allow us to package deals that will include both commercial application equipment as well as other agricultural and construction equipment to commercial customers within our core footprint. These locations are included in the Company's Agriculture segment. In the most recent completed fiscal year, the Heartland Companies generated revenue of approximately 214 million. The results of operations for the Heartland Companies from the August 1, 2022 closing date through January 31, 2023, were approximate ly 103.2 million of revenue and 4.6 million of pre-tax income. The Company incurred 1.1 million i n acquisition related expenses in connection with this acquisition, included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company acquired certain assets of Mark's Machinery, Inc. The acquired business consisted of two agricultural equipment stores in Wagner and Yankton, South Dakota. These locations are included in the Company's Agriculture segment. The total cash consideration transferred for the acquired business was million. 
 In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired from CNH Industrial and certain other manufacturers equipment and parts inventory previously owned by Mark's Machinery, Inc. Upon acquiring such inventories, the Company was offered floorplan financing by the respective manufacturers. In total, the Company acquired inventory and recognized a corresponding financing liability of 3.2 million. The recognition of these inventories and the associated financing liabilities are not included as part of the accounting for the business combination. 
 Fiscal 2022 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company acquired certain assets of Jaycox Implement, Inc. The acquired business consisted of three agricultural equipment stores in Worthington and Luverne, Minnesota and Lake Park, Iowa. These locations are included in the Company's Agriculture segment. The total cash consideration transferred for the acquired business was million. The Company completed the real estate purchase on December 31, 2021 for a purchase price of million, which was partially financed with long-term debt and the remainder was paid in cash. 
 In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired from CNH Industrial and certain other manufacturers equipment and parts inventory previously owned by Jaycox Implement, Inc. Upon acquiring such inventories, the Company was offered floorplan financing by the respective manufacturers. In total, the Company acquired inventory and recognized a corresponding financing liability of million. The recognition of these inventories and the associated financing liabilities are not included as part of the accounting for the business combination. 
 Fiscal 2021 
 On May 4, 2020, the Company acquired certain assets of HorizonWest Inc. This acquired CaseIH agriculture dealership complex consisted of three agriculture equipment stores in Scottsbluff and Sidney, Nebraska and Torrington, Wyoming, which expanded the Company's agriculture presence in Nebraska and into Wyoming. This acquisition occurred within the Company's Agriculture segment. The total consideration transferred for the acquired business was million paid in cash. 
 In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired from CNH Industrial and certain other manufacturers equipment and parts inventory previously owned by HorizonWest Inc. Upon acquiring such inventories, the Company was offered floorplan financing by the respective manufacturers. In total, the Company acquired inventory and recognized a corresponding financing liability of million. The recognition of these inventories and the associated financing liabilities are not included as part of the accounting for the business combination. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Receivables 9,007 478 Inventories 103,504 3,386 Prepaid expenses and other 602 66 Property and equipment 20,204 4,088 Operating lease assets 3,928 Intangible assets 7,100 917 Goodwill 21,087 583 167,015 9,519 Liabilities Assumed: Accounts payable 18,547 Floorplan payable 31,699 Current operating lease liabilities 541 Deferred revenue 5,195 1,844 Accrued expenses and other 3,523 Long-term debt 4,591 Operating lease liabilities 3,387 Other Long-term liabilities 5,152 72,635 1,844 Net assets acquired 94,380 7,675 Goodwill recognized by segment: Agriculture 21,087 583 Goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes 21,087 583 
 The recognition of goodwill in the above business combinations arose from the acquisition of an assembled workforce and anticipated synergies expected to be realized. The Company recognized, in the aggregate, a customer relationship intangible asset of million, and million for business combinations occurring during th e years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, res pectively. The Company recognized, in the aggregate, a non-competition intangible asset of million, million, and million for business combinations occurring during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized, in the aggregate, a distribution rights intangible asset of million, million and million for business combinations occurring during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The acquired non-competition and customer relationship intangible assets are being amortized over periods ranging from three to five years. The distribution rights assets are indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization, but are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events or when circumstances indicate that impairment may be present. The Company estimated the fair value of these intangible assets using a multi-period excess earnings model, an income approach. Acquisition related costs for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, amounted to 1.1 million and acquisition related 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Pro Forma Information 
 The following summarized unaudited pro forma condensed statement of operations information for the twelve months ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 assumes that the Heartland Companies acquisition occurred as of February 1, 2021. The Company prepared the following summarized unaudited pro forma financial results for comparative purposes only. The summarized unaudited pro forma information may not be indicative of the results that would have occurred had the Company completed the acquisition as of February 1, 2021 or that will be attained in the future. 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Total Revenues 2,369,378 1,928,193 Net Income 111,062 77,664 
 
 NOTE 20 - 
 
 The Company also estimated the fair value of long-lived assets to be approximately zero in certain instances when no future cash flows were assumed to be generated from the use of such assets and the expected sales values were deemed to be nominal. All such fair value measurements were based on unobservable inputs and thus are Level 3 fair value inputs. 
 The Company also has financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, including cash, receivables, payables and long-term debt. The carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximated their fair values as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. Approximate fair value of these financial instruments was estimated based on Level 2 fair value inputs. The estimated fair value of the Company's Level 2 long-term debt, which is provided for disclosure purposes only, is as follows: 
 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 (in thousands) Carrying amount 81,349 68,267 Fair value 70,434 63,237 
 
 NOTE 21 - 
 reportable segments: Agriculture, Construction and International. The Company's segments are determined based on management structure, which is organized based on types of products sold and geographic areas, as described in the following paragraphs. The operating results for each segment are reported separately to the Company's Chief Executive Officer to make decisions regarding the allocation of resources, to assess the Company's operating performance and to make strategic decisions. 
 The Company's Agriculture segment sells, services, and rents machinery, and related parts and attachments, for uses ranging from large-scale farming to home and garden use in North America. This segment also includes ancillary sales and services related to agricultural activities and products such as equipment transportation, Global Positioning System ("GPS") signal subscriptions and finance and insurance products. 
 The Company's Construction segment sells, services, and rents machinery, and related parts and attachments, for uses ranging from heavy construction to light industrial machinery use to customers in North America. This segment also includes ancillary sales and services related to construction activities such as equipment transportation, GPS signal subscriptions and finance and insurance products. 
 The Company s International segment sells, services, and rents machinery, and related parts and attachments, for uses ranging from large-scale farming and construction to home and garden use to customers in Eastern Europe. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, million and million of the Company's long-lived assets were held in its European subsidiaries and the remaining were held in the United States. 
 The Company retains various unallocated income/(expense) items and assets at the general corporate level, which the Company refers to as "Shared Resources" in the table below. Shared Resource assets primarily consist of cash and property and equipment. Revenue between segments is immaterial. 
 Construction International Total Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes Agriculture Construction International ) Segment income before income taxes Shared Resources ) ) Total Total Impairment Agriculture Construction International Total Interest Income Agriculture Construction International Segment interest income Shared Resources Total Interest Expense Agriculture Construction International Segment interest expense Shared Resources ) ) ) Total 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Construction International Segment depreciation and amortization Shared Resources Total Capital Expenditures Agriculture Construction International Segment capital expenditures Shared Resources Total January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 Total Assets (in thousands) Agriculture Construction International Segment assets Shared Resources Total 
 
 NOTE 22 - 

82 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Year Ended January 31, 2022 ) ) Year Ended January 31, 2021 ) 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. After evaluating the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of the Company's management, have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) are effective. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") . Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at January 31, 2023 to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in this annual report on Form 10-K is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As previously disclosed, we completed the acquisition of the Heartland Companies on August 1, 2022, and, as permitted by SEC guidance for newly acquired businesses, we have elected to exclude the acquired operation of the Heartland Companies from the scope of design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures for the year ended January 31, 2023. The Heartland Companies constitute 5.7 of total assets and 4.7 of total revenue of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended January 31, 2023. The Company is in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of the Heartland Companies and integrating , the Heartland Companies into its system of internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has also audited our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, as stated in their report included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There has not been any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during its most recently completed fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Other than the information included in Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading "Information About Our Executive Officers," the information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the sections labeled "Board of Directors" and "Corporate Governance," all of which will appear in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections labeled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Compensation Committee Report," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Executive Compensation (excluding the information under the subheading "Pay Versus Performance")," and 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 "Non-Employee Director Compensation," all of which will appear in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled "Security Ownership of Principal Stockholders and Management" and "Executive Compensation - Equity Compensation Plan Information," both of which will appear in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled "Corporate Governance Independence" and "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions," both of which will appear in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled "Fees of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm," which will appear in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements. The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Report of Deloitte Touche LLP on Consolidated Financial Statements as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 
 Report of Deloitte Touche LLP on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting as of January 31, 2023 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. The following consolidated financial statement schedule should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and Report of Deloitte Touche LLP on the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 All other financial statement schedules have been omitted, because they are not applicable, are not required, or the information is included in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto 
 (3) Exhibits. See the Exhibit Index to our Form 10-K immediately following below: 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 FORM 10-K No. Description 2.1 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc.; Heartland Agriculture, LLC; Gordon Glade, Jeff Keller, Robert Caldwell and Michael Stopkotte; Michael Anderson, Barb Anderson, David Clare, Scott Reins, Shawn Sterling, The Constance Kent Revocable Trust and Lenco Enterprises, LLC; and Robert Caldwell, solely in his capacity as Seller Representative (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2022). 
 2.1.1 
 Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc.; Heartland Agriculture, LLC; Gordon Glade, Jeff Keller, Robert Caldwell and Michael Stopkotte; Michael Anderson, Barb Anderson, David Clare, Scott Reins, Shawn Sterling, The Constance Kent Revocable Trust and Lenco Enterprises, LLC; and Robert Caldwell, solely in his capacity as Seller Representative (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2022). 
 2.2 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc.; Heartland Solutions, LLC; Oak Hill Capital, LLC, Jeff Keller and Robert Caldwell; Robert Caldwell, solely in his capacity as Seller Representative; and solely for purposes of being bound by Sections 6.07 and 9.13 thereof, Gordon Glade (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2022). 
 2.3 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc.; Heartland Leverage Lender, LLC; Gordon Glade, Jeff Keller and Robert Caldwell; and Robert Caldwell, solely in his capacity as Seller Representative (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2022). 
 2.3.1 
 Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc.; Heartland Leverage Lender, LLC; Gordon Glade, Jeff Keller and Robert Caldwell; and Robert Caldwell, solely in his capacity as Seller Representative (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2022). 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 10, 2012, File No. 001-33866). 3.2 
 Bylaws of the registrant, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 16, 2009, File No. 001-33866). 4.1 
 Specimen Certificate representing shares of common stock of Titan Machinery Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the registrant's Amendment No. 6 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, Reg. No. 333-145526, filed with the Commission on December 3, 2007). 4.2 
 Description of Securities of Titan Machinery registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 7, 2020). 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 6, 2013, between David Meyer and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 10, 2013, File No. 001-33866). 10.1.1 
 Amendment dated March 1, 2014 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 6, 2013, between David Meyer and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.54 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 11, 2014). 10.2 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated September 5, 2018, between Bryan J. Knutson and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 6, 2018). 10.2.1 
 Amendment dated September 1, 2021 to the Executive Employment Agreement, dated September 5, 2018 between Bryan J. Knutson and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 3, 2021). 10.3 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated S eptember 29, 2 022, between Robert Larsen and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2022). 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 No. Description 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 4, 2015, bet ween Mark Kalvoda and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2015). 
 10.4.1 
 Amendment dated September 1, 2016 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 4, 2015 be tween Mark Kalvoda a nd the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 1, 2016). 
 10.4.2 
 Letter Agreement between Titan Machinery Inc. and Mark Kalvoda, dated April 25, 2022, between Mark Kalvoda and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 3, 2022). 10.5 
 Agricultural Equipment Sales Service Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, between CNH Industrial America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 2, 2017). 10.5.1 
 Amendment to the Agricultural Equipment Sales Service Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, between CNH Industrial America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 2, 2017). 10.6 
 Form of CaseIH Agriculture Equipment Sales and Service Agreement between CNH Industrial America LLC and Titan Machinery Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2022). 
 10.6.1 
 Revision 1 to the Case IH Agricultural Equipment Sales and Service Agreement between CNH Industrial America LLC and Titan Machinery Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2022). 
 10.7 
 Construction Equipment Sales Service Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, between CNH Industrial America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 2, 2017). 10.7.1 
 Amendment to the Construction Equipment Sales Service Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, between CNH Industrial America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 2, 2017). 10.8 
 New Holland Equipment Sales Service Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, between CNH Industrial America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 2, 2017). 10.8.1 
 Amendment to the New Holland Equipment Sales Service Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, between CNH Industrial America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 2, 2017). 10.9 
 Dealer Security Agreement dated April 14, 2003 between New Holland North America, Inc. and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the registrant's Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, Reg. No. 333-145526, filed with the Commission on October 10, 2007). 10.10 
 Dealer Security Agreements between CNH America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the registrant's Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, Reg. No. 333-145526, filed with the Commission on October 10, 2007). 10.11 
 Agreement to Grant Commercial Application Equipment Distribution Rights, dated as of August 1, 2022, by and between CNH Industrial America LLC and Titan Machinery Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commissio n on September 9, 2022). 
 10.12 
 Amended and Restated Wholesale Floorplan Credit Facility and Security Agreement, dated November 13, 2007, between CNH Capital America LLC and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the registrant's Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, Reg. No. 333-145526, filed with the Commission on November 27, 2007). 10.1 2 .1 
 Letter Agreement with CNH Capital America, LLC dated September 30, 2011, amending the November 13, 2007 Amended and Restated Wholesale Floorplan Credit Facility and Security Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on December 9, 2011, File No. 001-33866). 10.1 2 .2 
 Letter Agreement with CNH Capital America, LLC dated November 20, 2012, amending the November 13, 2007 Amended and Restated Wholesale Floorplan Credit Facility and Security Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on December 6, 2012, File No. 001-33866). 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 No. Description 10.1 2 .3 
 Letter Agreement with CNH Capital America, LLC dated February 15, 2013, amending the November 13, 2007 Amended and Restated Wholesale Floorplan Credit Facility and Security Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 10, 2013, File No. 001-33866). 10.1 2 .4 
 Amendment dated December 8, 2014 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on December 10, 2014, File No. 001-33866). 10.1 2 .5 
 Second Amendment dated March 31, 2016 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17.5 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 13, 2016). 10.1 2 .6 
 Amendment dated October 5, 2017 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on December 7, 2017). 10.1 2 .7 
 Amendment dated April 1, 2018 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8.7 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 6, 2018). 10.1 2 .8 
 Amendment dated May 31, 2018 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8.7 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 7, 2018). 10.1 2 .9 
 Amendment dated November 30, 2018 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on December 6, 2018). 10.1 2 .10 
 Amendment dated January 18, 2019 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9.10 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 5, 2019). 10.1 2 .11 
 Amendment dated November 13, 2019 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on December 5, 2019). 10.1 2 .12 
 Amendment dated November 17, 2020 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9.12 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2021). 10.1 2 .13 
 Amendment dated December 3, 2021 to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (in corporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9.13 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Commission on April 1, 2022). 
 10.1 2 .14 
 Amendment, dated August 1, 2022, to the Amended and Restated Wholesale Floor Plan Credit Facility and Security Agreement, dated November 13, 2007, by and between Titan Machinery Inc. and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission o n September 9, 2022). 
 10.12.15 
 Third Amendment, dated January 31, 2023, to the Amended and Restated Third Revolving Credit Agreement dated November 13, 2007 by and between the registrant and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC. 10.13 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2020, by and among the registrant, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of American, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank N.A., and Regions Bank, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Regions Bank, as Joint Syndication Agents, and BBVA USE as Documentation Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 4, 2020). 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 No. Description 10.1 3 .1 
 Amendment dated June 4, 2021 to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2020, by and among the registrant, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of American, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank N.A., and Regions Bank, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Regions Bank, as Joint Syndication Agents, and BBVA USE as Documentation Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 3, 2021). 10.1 3 .2 
 Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 31, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc., Heartland Agriculture, LLC, Heartland Ag Kansas, LLC and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on December 8, 2022). 10.1 3 .3 
 Joinder to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc., Heartland Agriculture, LLC, Heartland Ag Kansas, LLC and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2022). 
 10.1 3 .4 
 Joinder to Third Amended and Restated Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2022, by and among Titan Machinery Inc., Heartland Agriculture, LLC, Heartland Ag Kansas, LLC and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated h erein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2022). 
 10.14 
 Titan Machinery Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 3, 2014). 
 10.1 4 .1 
 Amended and Restated Titan Machinery Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 9, 2020). 10.15 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement (for non-employee directors) under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, revised effective June 1, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 5, 2019). 10.1 5 .1 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement (for non-employee directors) under the Amended and Restated Titan Machinery Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 4, 2020). 10.1 5 .2 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement (for non-employee directors) under the Amended and Restated Titan Machinery Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12.2 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 1, 2022). 10.16 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 5, 2014). 10.1 6 .1 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, revised effective June 1, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17.1 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 5, 2019). 10.1 6 .2 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement under the Amended and Restated Titan Machinery Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 4, 2020). 10.17 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated Titan Machinery Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, used for purposes of granting awards to European employees (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on September 9, 2014). 10.1 7 .1 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, used for purposes of granting awards to European employees, revised effective June 1, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18.1 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Commission on April 5, 2019). 10.1 7 .2 
 Form of Titan Machinery Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated Titan Machinery Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 4, 2020). 10.18 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Commission on April 5, 2019). 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 No. Description 10.19 
 Titan Machinery Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Commission o n April 1, 2022). 
 10.20 
 Description of Titan Machinery Inc. s Executive Cash Bonus Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015). 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Titan Machinery Inc. 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 24.1 
 Power of Attorney 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following materials from Titan Machinery Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2023 formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: March 30, 2023 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. By /s/ DAVID J. MEYER By /s/ ROBERT LARSEN David J. Meyer, 
 Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer 
 Robert Larsen, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ DAVID J. MEYER Board Chair, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) March 30, 2023 David J. Meyer /s/ ROBERT LARSEN Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) March 30, 2023 Robert Larsen Director Frank Anglin III March 30, 2023 Director Tony Christianson March 30, 2023 Director Stan Erickson March 30, 2023 Director Christine Hamilton March 30, 2023 Director Jody Horner March 30, 2023 Director Richard Mack March 30, 2023 
 By /s/ ROBERT LARSEN Robert Larsen, Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 91 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 a3rdamendmenttoamended_r.htm
 EX-10.12

a3rdamendmenttoamended_r 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT This Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (the Amendment is made as of January __, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Titan Machinery, Inc. Company and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC Lender ). WHEREAS, Lender and Company are parties to various and sundry instruments, documents and agreements of various dates pursuant to which Lender has provided certain financing accommodations to Company (collectively, the Financing Agreements ), including without limitation that certain Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated November 30, 2018 (the Revolving Credit Agreement as amended from time to time; and WHEREAS, Lender and Company now desire to further amend certain terms and conditions of the Revolving Credit Agreement as amended and as provided herein; NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Lender and Company hereby represent, warrant covenant and agree as follows: 1. Recitals. Company represents, warrants and agrees that the Recitals set forth above are accurate, true and correct and that the Recitals are hereby made an integral part of this Amendment. 2. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have their respective meanings provided in the Revolving Credit Agreement as amended. 3. Interest Rate. Commencing February 1, 2023, the interest rate applicable to any Revolving Credit Note and any Revolving Loan Advances shall be a per annum variable rate equal to 2.75 above the Prime Rate. 4. Term. As of the Effective Date, the Termination Date for the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) set forth in Section 1.5 shall be and hereby is amended and extended to February 1, 2025. 5. No Other Amendments. Except as amended hereby, all of the terms and conditions of the Revolving Credit Agreement are hereby affirmed, confirmed and ratified in their entirety. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated November 30, 2018 as amended to be duly executed as of the Effective Date. CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC TITAN MACHINERY, INC. By: /s/ Chris Maki By: /s/ Robert Larsen Name: Chris Maki Name: Robert Larsen Title: Strategic Accounts Manager Title: CFO 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a10kfy23ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF 
 TITAN MACHINERY INC. 
 
 Name Ownership Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization NW Property Solutions LLC 100 North Dakota Titan European Holdings S.a.r.l. 100 Luxembourg Titan Machinery Ukraine LLC 100 Ukraine Titan Machinery Austria GmbH 100 Austria Titan Machinery Romania S.R.L. 100 Romania Titan Machinery Bulgaria AD 100 Bulgaria Titan Machinery Deutschland GmbH 100 Germany Northern Meridian LLC 100 North Dakota Heartland Agriculture LLC 100 Iowa Heartland Solutions LLC 100 Nebraska Heartland Leverage Lender 100 Nebraska Heartland Ag Kansas LLC 100 Kansas Heartland Guaranty LLC 100 Nebraska National Machinery Shield Warranty Co 100 Nebraska 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a10kfy23ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-149426, 333-177982, 333-239065 and 333-196463 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Titan Machinery Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Titan Machinery Inc. for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 a10kfy23ex241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Each person whose signature appears below constitutes DAVID J. MEYER and ROBERT J. LARSEN his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Titan Machinery Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and any and all amendments to said Annual Report, and to deliver on my behalf said Annual Report and any and all amendments thereto, as each thereof is so signed, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully as to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Power of Attorney has been signed on the 9 th day of March, 2023 by the following persons 
 s David J. Meyer 
 David J. Meyer, Board Chair and CEO 
 
 s Robert Larsen 
 Robert J. Larsen, CFO 
 s Tony Christianson 
 Tony Christianson, Director 
 
 s Frank Anglin 
 Frank Anglin, Director 
 s Stan Erickson 
 Stan Erickson, Director 
 s Christine Hamilton 
 Christine Hamilton, Director 
 s Richard Mack 
 Richard Mack, Director 
 
 s Jody Horner 
 Jody Horner, Director 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a10kfy23ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, David J. Meyer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Titan Machinery Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 Date March 30, 2023 s DAVID J. MEYER David J. Meyer Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a10kfy23ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, Robert Larson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Titan Machinery Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 30, 2023 
 s ROBERT LARSEN Robert Larsen Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a10kfy23ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Titan Machinery Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, David J. Meyer, Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 30, 2023 s DAVID J. MEYER David J. Meyer Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a10kfy23ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Titan Machinery Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Robert Larsen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 30, 2023 
 s ROBERT LARSEN Robert Larsen Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 titn-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 titn-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 titn-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 titn-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 titn-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

