<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1819498_0001213900-23-025485.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4344987</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249176</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>845993</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>926122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1131726</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1085259</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025485.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025485
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Twelve Seas Investment Co. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				852141273
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40123
		FILM NUMBER:		23787894

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9173611177

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025485.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_twelveseas2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to
_________ 

Commission file number: 

TWELVE SEAS INVESTMENT COMPANY II 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one Redeemable Warrant TWLVU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share TWLVW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding
shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the 34,500,000 shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates, and the closing price for the Class A common
stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, on June 30, 2022, was . 

As of March 31 ,
2023 there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and no shares of Class B common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 24 

PART II 
 
 25 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 25 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 31 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 32 

PART III 
 
 33 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 33 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 38 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 41 

PART IV 
 
 42 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 42 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 42 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below), including, without
limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E
of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology,
including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our
initial business combination (as defined below); 

the impact on our amount held
in trust, our capitalization and other impacts on our Company or management team should we extend the deadline for consummating our initial
business combination; 

our success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target
businesses; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities 
potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

the use of proceeds not held
in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the
context otherwise requires, references to: 

2023 Special Meeting 
are to the special meeting of the stockholders of the Company held on February 28, 2023; 

ASC are to the
FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ii 

ASU are to the
FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board of directors, 
 board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company; 

business combination 
are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more businesses; 

Class A common stock 
are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock 
are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

common stock are to the Class A common stock
and the Class B common stock; 

Combination Period are to the 24-month period
from the closing of the initial public offering, plus up to an additional 9-months (December 2, 2023) at the discretion of the board,
that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

Company, our
Company, we or us are to Twelve Seas Investment Company II; 

Continental are
to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined
below); 

DGCL are to the
Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are
to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act 
are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension are
to the extension of the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from March 2, 2023 to December 2,
2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors, as approved by the stockholders of the Company at the 2023 Special
Meeting; 

Extension Loans 
are to the loans our sponsor (as defined below) or its designees have agreed to contribute to us in connection with the Extension, in
the amount of 100,000 for each calendar month (commencing on March 3, 2023, and ending on the second (2nd) day of each subsequent month),
or portion thereof, that is needed by us to complete an initial business combination until the end of the Combination Period; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards
Board; 

Founder Conversion are to the conversion on
a one-for-one basis of 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor into 8,625,000 shares of Class A common stock on
February 6, 2023, at the election of our sponsor; 

founder shares 
are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement and the shares of Class A common
stock that were issued in the Founder Conversion (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A
common stock are not public shares (as defined below)) ; 

GAAP are to the
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on March 2, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); 

iii 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

over-allotment units are to the additional units issued on March 10, 2021 upon the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in full; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

placement shares are to the shares of our common
stock included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor and the representative in the private placement; 

placement units are to the units purchased
by our sponsor and the representative in the private placement (as defined below), each placement unit consisting of one placement share
(as defined below) and one-third of one placement warrant (as defined below); 

placement warrants are to the warrants included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor and the representative in the private placement; 

private placement are to the private placement of 890,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 8,900,000, which occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market, including warrants that may be acquired by our sponsor or its affiliates in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any placement warrants sold as part of the placement units or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (as defined below) in each case that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC February 1, 2021 (File No. 333-252599), as amended; 

iv 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

representative are to Mizuho Securities USA LLC, which is the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

representative shares are to shares of our Class A common stock issued to the representative upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor are to Twelve Seas Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 345,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units (as defined below) in the initial public offering and placement units was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-third of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants and any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial holders or their permitted transferees; 

Withum are to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

working capital loans are to are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting our initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target
in any business, industry or geographic location, we have focused and will continue to focus our search on companies located outside the
United States, primarily in the Pan-Eurasian region, including Western Europe, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. We will also
consider prospective targets located in the United States, but which are owned by non-U.S. shareholders, including sovereign wealth
funds, family offices or industrial conglomerates headquartered in the Pan-Eurasian region. Our management team has an extensive
track record of creating value for stockholders by acquiring attractive businesses at disciplined valuations, investing in growth while
fostering financial discipline and ultimately improving financial results. 

Initial Public Offering 

On March 2, 2021, we consummated our initial public
offering of 30,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company,
with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share. The units were
sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 300,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial
public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 800,000 units to our sponsor and the representative at a purchase price
of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. 

A total of 300,000,000, comprised of 294,000,000
of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 6,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the placement units was placed in the trust
account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

On March 8, 2021, the underwriters exercised their
over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 4,500,000 over-allotment units occurred on March
10, 2021, generating gross proceeds of 45,000,000. In connection with the closing of the purchase of the over-allotment units, the Company
sold an additional 90,000 placement units to the sponsor and the representative at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating
an additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. 

We originally had up to 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering, or until March 2, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. However, at the 2023 Special Meeting,
the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the Combination
Period from March 2, 2023 to December 2, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors). 

It is the job of our sponsor and management team
to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Neil Richardson, our Chairman, and Dimitri Elkin, our Chief
Executive Officer, who have many years of experience in private equity and investment banking. We must complete our initial business combination
by the end of the Combination Period. If our initial business combination is not consummated by the end of the Combination Period, then
our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

In connection with the Extension, the
Company s stockholders holding 31,291,466 public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of
the funds in the trust account. As a result, 318,435,860.83 (approximately 10.17 per share) was removed from the trust account to
pay such holders. In connection with the Extension, on March 3, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of up to 900,000 (the Extension Funds to the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to
provide the Company with equal installments of 100,000, to be deposited into the trust account for each month in which the
Combination Period is extended, from March 2, 2023 until December 2, 2023. Following the redemptions, the Company had 3,208,534
public shares outstanding. 

1 

Recent SPAC Market 

In contrast to the record
level of activity seen in 2020 and 2021, 2022 was a more challenging year for SPACs as it was for overall equity market activity
in 2022 substantially declined relative to that in 2021 and 2020 but reverted to levels more consistent with the longer-term historical
average. In 2022, 11 billion was raised across 55 SPAC IPOs. This compared to 162 billion from 613 IPOs in 2021 and 82 billion
from 231 IPOs in 2020, but was marginally above the 8 billion average for the 5-year period preceding 2020. 

A confluence of
factors contributed to the reduction in activity including proposed rule changes from the SEC relating to the regulation of SPACs, heightened
equity market volatility on the back of a rising rate / inflationary environment and escalating geo-political tensions. 

In-line with the market
dynamics seen for SPAC IPO issuance, SPAC business combination activity saw a meaningful decline in 2022 both in terms of
the number and dollar volume of transactions. The decline was attributed to the challenging market backdrop, longer time it took to complete
a business combination (greater than7 months on average), scarcity of PIPE capital and high redemption levels. 

During 2022, 139 business
combinations were announced, totaling 92 billion and 86 business combinations closed, totaling 176 billion (enterprise value) 
compared to 249 business combinations being announced 596 billion in enterprise value) and 184 combinations closing 461 billion in
enterprise value) in 2021. 

Shareholder
redemption levels remained a focal point, as redemption outcomes for business combinations closing during 2022 averaged 83 relative
to a 16 average for deals closing in the first half of 2021 and 52 in second half of 2021. 

Total PIPE volume raised
in 2022 totaled approximately 3.5 billion, which was substantially below the 56 billion raised in 2021, as investor risk appetite to
provide illiquid, long-duration commitments waned. 

2022 saw a greater number
of transactions announced without a PIPE or any other form of committed capital (approximately 33 of all transactions announced
during the year pursued this approach, with the trend becoming more common during the second half of 2022). Some transactions undertook
private round financings concurrent with the business combination, affording investors the option of investing directly into the company,
independent from the business combination outcome. 

Convertible securities
were frequently utilized in the context of PIPEs, with an increased trend of the convertible capital being raised after the business combination
announcement. Terms demanded by investors increasingly widened through the year - consistent with heightened market volatility - with
securities typically being priced with high single / low double-digit coupons, fixed tenor and conversion premiums that incorporated a
reset feature within approximately 6 months post combination close subject to share price performance. 

By the end of 2022, of the approximately 130
billion of SPAC capital outstanding, approximately 30 billion worth of SPAC capital has announced business combinations yet to close
and the balance (approximately 100 billion) remains searching for opportunities. Despite this more challenging environment, our management
continues to search for an attractive merger candidate. 

Geographic Opportunity 

We may acquire a business in any industry and
in any geographic location. We have and are considering prospective targets within the United States, as well as outside of the United States,
including in Western Europe, Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia. We believe that considering non-US opportunities provides us with
a competitive advantage over other US-listed SPACs and will enable us to identify an attractive business combination candidate that
will thrive as a publicly traded company. 

2 

Despite its recent advances, the SPAC market remains
largely a US phenomenon, both with respect to the location of the stock exchanges on which SPACs are listed, and the location of companies
that enter into business combinations with SPACs. SPAC issuance outside the US remains scant, and out of more than two-hundred and
fifty SPACs that were listed on Nasdaq and NYSE at the time of our initial public offering, the majority were established to pursue US
targets. Of the nearly eighty business combinations completed or announced by US-listed SPACs between 2015 and the time of our initial
public offering, 80 involved domestic US companies. 

At the same time, foreign companies represent
an important part of the US equity market. The reasons that attract international businesses to the US are well known. US public markets
are the world s largest, most active and deepest. The US stock market regulatory regime is both efficient and fair. Being listed
in the US brings companies more international name recognition and a more diverse group of investors, which can be especially beneficial
for companies based in smaller foreign countries that lack developed capital markets. 

Since the 2008 financial crisis, the number of
foreign companies listed on US exchanges has steadily increased. Out of the thirteen hundred-plus IPOs that have taken place on NYSE
and Nasdaq over the past decade, over one quarter were done by foreign companies. Chinese companies accounted for half of these foreign
IPOs, and the other half came from a diverse set of geographies including Western and Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Latin America.
Of approximately five thousand public companies currently listed in the US, over 800 hundred are foreign companies, with a combined market
capitalization of over 1 trillion. 

The international opportunity has already attracted
the attention of US-listed SPACs. In 2019, at least six SPACs went public with a non-US geographic focus on Latin America, Asia,
and Western Europe. In the same year, out of the twenty-two completed SPAC business combinations, eight involved non-US targets
from Europe, Middle East, Asia and Latin America. 

We believe that the non-US opportunity for
a US-listed SPAC such as ours will continue to broaden as SPACs gain greater acceptance by potential targets and investors alike.
Competition for targets from other US SPACs should remain less intense outside the US, while the benefits of the SPAC process can often
be more material to foreign companies, many of whom face uncertain economic and business environment that can derail a traditional IPO. 

We believe that the strong performance of the
US SPAC market in the spring and summer of 2020 during the COVID-19 crisis will serve as further evidence that US-listed SPACs
present an attractive alternative to the traditional IPO process for potential targets, including foreign issuers seeking a US listing. 

We believe that our Pan-Eurasian strategy
will be further helped by the ongoing political uncertainty in the United Kingdom, a popular listing destination for many European
or Middle Eastern companies. We believe that in a post-Brexit world, some of these Pan-Eurasian companies would now consider
merging with us to achieve a US listing. Brooge Holdings merger with Twelve Seas Investment Company can serve as an illustration
to this point: prior to announcing its merger with Twelve Seas Investment Company in April 2019, Brooge Holdings unsuccessfully attempted
a listing in London in the Fall of 2018. 

Competitive Differentiation 

Our mission is to create attractive risk-adjusted returns
for our stockholders. We intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify, acquire and operate a business that will
benefit from their involvement by utilizing the following differentiating factors to our advantage: 

We believe that specializing in non-US opportunities
will provide us with a competitive advantage over other US-listed SPACs and will enable us to identify an attractive business combination
candidate that will thrive as a publicly traded company. 

3 

We have focused and will continue to focus our
search efforts on the Pan-Eurasian region that includes developed economies of Western Europe, developing markets of Eastern Europe
and Asia and frontier markets of the Middle East. Our management team has experience with cross-border investments in many of the
countries across the target region, including the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Turkey, Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, United Arab
Emirates, and others. Because we have limited experience in China, and because China-focused SPACs have historically performed poorly,
as a general rule will not pursue opportunities related to China. However, we will explore opportunities in the Southeast Asia, including
Vietnam, Indonesia and Thailand. 

While the Pan-Eurasian region is a target
rich area, our non-US geographic focus presents a number of unique challenges. In addition to all the common issues involved in assessing
the attractiveness of an investment opportunity for a SPAC and executing a business combination, we will face additional cross-border obstacles
and risks, including: 

Diverse and fluid legal and
regulatory regimes 

Currency risk and capital controls
restrictions 

Cultural and linguistic barriers 

Political risks and restrictions
on foreign investments 

Inconsistent law enforcement
and weaker legal protection of investor rights 

Impact of geopolitical tensions,
including various sanctions implemented by the US and European Union 

Our management team has been involved in the investment
in the Pan-Eurasian region since the early 1990s and possesses a rich base of experience, including: 

Identifying, negotiating and
executing cross-border transactions in a variety of sectors, including consumer, industrial, transportation, infrastructure and
many others 

Cultivating relationships with
local industrial and financial groups 

Organizing complex debt and
equity financings for target companies 

Executing follow-on acquisitions
and divestitures 

Overseeing portfolio companies
and helping improve corporate governance and transparency 

Serving as directors and executives
of portfolio companies 

Attracting world class management
talent 

Partnering, where necessary,
with corporate co-investors, including multinationals 

Steering companies towards
an exit, either via strategic sale or via an IPO 

We believe our collective experience equips us
to identify and evaluate attractive foreign candidates for an initial business combination. We have focused and will continue to focus
on identifying targets that can appeal to fundamental equity investors in the United States. If necessary, we would be available
to work with the company to create stockholder value after the business combination is concluded. 

4 

We believe the collective experience of our management
team and their affiliates will lead to many potential acquisition opportunities. Members of our management team and their affiliates have
reached out and will continue to reach out to the network of relationships to articulate the parameters of our search for a target company
and have begun the rigorous process of pursuing and reviewing promising opportunities. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with our strategy, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We have used
and will continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial
business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. We seek to acquire one or more
businesses that we believe: 

have equity value between 150 million
and 2 billion; 

have a compelling business
reason to be listed in the United States. We are seeking to acquire targets that can become a global player in their business segment,
and which can benefit from the access to the deep US capital markets; 

desire to benefit from the
speed and the certainty of closure, and sellers who would be attracted to the possibility to receiving further consideration in the form
of a share earnout available in a SPAC merger; 

offer attractive risk-adjusted equity
returns for our stockholders, and that can demonstrate a clear plan for stockholder value creation, including revenue growth, cost reduction
and margin expansion, add-on acquisitions, or other prospects for upside; 

have a strong set of public
comparables; 

are at a financial performance
inflection point and have a clear potential of delivering strong earnings and cashflow growth in the short to medium term. We will give
special consideration to companies that are capable of paying an attractive dividend immediately after the closing of an initial business
combination; 

are led by management teams
who, because of their prior achievements and current performance and the ability to articulate a compelling future vision, can develop
a following among US fundamental investors. 

We have not and will not focus on any particular
sector. The universe of businesses we are considering include the following sectors: 

Business services; 

Consumer, including education; 

Financials, including insurance; 

Healthcare; 

Telecom and Media, including
telecom infrastructure; 

Technology; and 

Oil Gas, including services
and infrastructure. 

We have used and will continue to use these criteria
and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target
business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

5 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide
to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in the Registration Statement, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
that we would file with the SEC. 

We may need to obtain additional financing either
to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion
of our initial business combination. We intend to acquire a company with an enterprise value significantly above the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the placement units. Depending on the size of the transaction or the number of public shares we
become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional financing sources, including but not limited to the issuance
of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued by banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, a private
placement to raise additional funds, or a combination of the foregoing. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition,
following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient to meet our obligations or our working capital needs, we may
need to obtain additional financing. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business
combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make
an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar
or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s
assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent
directors. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own
or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business
combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value
test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on
the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for
purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

6 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective business combinations,
we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things, a review
of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection
of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We also seek
to utilize the expertise of our management team in analyzing companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and
determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently
have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present
a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity
to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe,
however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any
corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to
us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our officers and directors may become officers
or directors of another SPAC with a class of securities intended to be registered under the Exchange Act, even prior to us entering into
a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure as a public company makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to
the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination,
we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with
us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A
common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us
to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although there are various costs and obligations
associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method
to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly
longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public
offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same
extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

7 

Furthermore, once a proposed initial business
combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject
to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering
from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business
would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders 
interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting
a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management
team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank
check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business
combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of
at least 1.235 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30 th . 

Financial Position 

With funds available in the trust account for
an initial business combination in the amount of 349,466,161 as of December 31, 2022, before fees and expenses associated with our initial
business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital
for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because
we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. Following the Extension and related redemptions, as of March 31, 2023 there was approximately 32.65 million
remaining in the trust account. 

8 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares
in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our
initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of
the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that
may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in
such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of
the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of
the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through
a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition,
we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the remaining net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion
of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets,
our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and,
only if required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no
prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time,
we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale
of securities or otherwise. 

Although our management will assess the risks
inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying
all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do
nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We originally had up to 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering, or until March 2, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. However, at the 2023 Special Meeting,
the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the Combination
Period from March 2, 2023 to December 2, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors). 

In connection with the Extension, our sponsor
or its designees have agreed to contribute to us, on a monthly basis, an Extension Loan equal to 100,000, which amount will be paid for
each calendar month (commencing on March 3, 2023, and ending on the second (2 nd day of each subsequent month), or
portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete an initial business combination until December 2, 2023. For example, if
we complete an initial business combination on December 2, 2023, which would represent nine (9) calendar months, then the
aggregate amount deposited will be approximately 0.28 per share, with the aggregate maximum contribution to the trust account being 900,000. 

The initial Extension Loan was deposited in the
trust account on March 4, 2023. Each additional Extension Loan will be deposited in the trust account within seven calendar days
from the second (2 nd day of such calendar month (or portion thereof). The amount of the Extension Loans will not bear
interest and will be repayable by us to our sponsor or its designees upon consummation of an initial business combination. Our board
will have the sole discretion whether, and for how many months, to extend the Combination Period up to December 2, 2023, and
if our board determines not to continue extending for additional calendar months, our sponsor or its designees obligation
to make Extension Loans following such determination will terminate. 

9 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Target business candidates may be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals, as a result of being solicited
by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited
basis, since many of these sources will have read our prospectus in connection with our initial public offering or this Report and know
what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to
our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries
or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of deal flow
opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors
and our sponsor and their affiliates. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business
acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an
arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines
that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited
basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is
customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In
no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting
fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any
compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated
initial business combination except as set forth herein. We pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support and will reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying,
investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting
agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees
or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making
the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our
sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting
such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors
based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based
on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable
businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make
an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar
or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s
assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business
combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will virtually have unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one
or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank
check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

10 

In any case, we will only complete an initial
business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a
controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business
or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 fair market value test. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective business target, we
have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial
and other information that will be made available to us. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
In addition, we have focused and will continue to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic,
competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which
we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing
and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any,
in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management
team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one
or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that
any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you
that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

11 

Following an initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will
have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by applicable law or
applicable stock exchange listing requirements, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
Stockholder 
Approval is 
Required 

Purchase of assets 
 
 No 

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 

Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A
common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding (other
than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers
or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater
interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance
of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance
of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. 

There is no limit on the number of shares our
initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable
law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated
any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they
are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act;
however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the
extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase
shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

12 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants
may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain
the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated
purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following
our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed
their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether
or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal
securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent
such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2)
and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order
for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases
of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect that any such
purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject
to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon
Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days
prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.13 per public share. Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. We will also provide this opportunity to our public stockholders in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the deadline by which we are required to consummate our initial business combination.
In connection with the Extension, the public stockholders redeemed an aggregate of 31,291,466 public shares. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required
to comply with such rules. 

13 

If stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and
not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the
SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting
to approve the initial business combination when a quorum is present are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum
for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing
a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial
stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote
any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares acquired during or after our initial public offering (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of
the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business
combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result of the redemptions of public shares in connection with the Extension and the number
of outstanding founder shares held by the sponsor, we do not require the holders of any public shares to vote in favor of an initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved, as the founder shares constitute more than a majority of the total
outstanding shares of common stock. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days)
prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. Each
public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant
to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates
the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our
Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares,
which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer
and not complete the initial business combination. 

14 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.
In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid
to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A
common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the
proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination
or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through
loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy
such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of
15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also
be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and
subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination
as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on
other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public
offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target
that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with Redemption Rights 

We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are
requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two days prior
to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the
relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker a 100.00 fee and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares.
The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

15 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many SPACs. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would
distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against
a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption
rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver
his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion
of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the
price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her
shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before
the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until
the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that
a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate
in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such
rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the
completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial business combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until the end of the Combination
Period. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
as amended, provides that we only have until the end of the Combination Period, or December 2, 2023, to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination prior to the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, and our representative has entered into an agreement, pursuant to which they have waived their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and (along with the representative) placement shares
and representative shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. However,
if our sponsor, officers or directors or representative acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the Combination Period. 

16 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our
public shares at such time. 

If we do not consummate our initial business combination
by the deadline set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with
implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 352,305 of proceeds held outside the trust account as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient
funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax
obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan
of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee
to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, based on
the amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022 the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our
dissolution would be approximately 10.13 (before taking into account up to 100,000 to pay dissolution expenses). The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than
the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by
stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.13. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide
for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are
sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our
stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide
for all creditors claims. 

Although we seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. Withum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering,
will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

17 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we
have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target
business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no
indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors
to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption
price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We have sought and will continue to seek to reduce
the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. As of December 31, 2022, we have up to 352,305 from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units
with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated
to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims
and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors.
As of December 31, 2022, the amount held outside the trust account was 352,305. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within the Combination Period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation
complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all
claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation,
a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before
any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited
to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability
of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

18 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination within the Combination Period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution
is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could
then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention
to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the Combination Period and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by
them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However,
because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation,
the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability
extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts
in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is
deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00
per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could
seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

19 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the
redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable
to complete our business combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption
rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

In connection with the Extension, the Company s
stockholders holding 31,291,466 public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
trust account. As a result, 318,435,860.83 (approximately 10.17 per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such holders.
In connection with the Extension, on March 3, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 900,000.00
(the Extension Funds to the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to provide the Company with equal installments
of 100,000.00 to be deposited into the trust account for each month in which the Combination Period is extended, from March 2, 2023
until December 2, 2023. Following the redemptions, the Company had 3,208,534 public shares outstanding. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash
in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial
business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have two officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they have devoted and will continue to devote as much of
their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our
initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected
for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any
full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member
of our management team. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common stock, and warrants
are registered under the Exchange Act, and as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports, including this
Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

20 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may
conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in
accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the
proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to
have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result,
we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15
to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at
least 1.235 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated
with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

21 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis
 to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target
 business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective
 target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting
 required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating
 their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing
 to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection
 with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the
 initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third
 party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not
 develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income
 on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the initial business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination
 with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive
 target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination
 and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability
 insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business
 combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give
 rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one
 of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as
 a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing
 transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account
 only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts
 of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection
 with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

22 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination
 with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that
 is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities
 and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse
 effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire
 investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire
 during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under
 circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest
 may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or
 regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including
 our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion
 of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading
 price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions
 that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
 If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only
 approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
 warrants will expire worthless; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating
 to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine
 to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination
 and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such
 proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise
 choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes
 of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would
 be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed
 an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be
 an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held
 in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until
 the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, we are likely to receive less
 interest on the funds held in the trust account, which will likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders receive upon
 any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

we may not be able to complete an initial business
 combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or
 approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee
 on Foreign Investment in the United States ; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in
 the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

23 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere
 may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an
 initial business combination; 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us
 in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which
 stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; and 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue
 as a going concern . 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating account and our trust
account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed
any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions that hold our
funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these
kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon
Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in
Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions that
hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the
U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or
costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making
it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or at all,
and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our prospects.
Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional risks
that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly from
any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

For the complete list of risks relating to our
operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in (i) our Registration Statement and (ii) our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022,
August 15, 2022 and November 14, 2022, respectively. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on
our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate
an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in
our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are located at 228 Park
Avenue S., Suite 89898, New York, NY 10003 and our telephone number is (323) 667-3211. The cost for our use of this space is included
in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services.
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management team, there
is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against
any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, public shares and public warrants
are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols TWLVU, TWLV and TWLVW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 26, 2021,
and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on April 19, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On March 29, 2023, there were three holders
of record of our units, three holders of record of shares of our Class A common stock, and one holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection
with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
 Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) 
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

None. For a description
of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. There has been no material change in the planned
use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
 Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

25 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

All statements other
than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in
our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting our initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target
in any business, industry or geographic location, we have focused and will continue to focus our search on companies located outside
the United States, primarily in the Pan-Eurasian region, including Western Europe, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. We will also consider
prospective targets located in the United States, but which are owned by non-U.S. shareholders, including sovereign wealth funds, family
offices or industrial conglomerates headquartered in the Pan-Eurasian region. Our management team has an extensive track record of creating
value for stockholders by acquiring attractive businesses at disciplined valuations, investing in growth while fostering financial discipline
and ultimately improving financial results. 

On March 2, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 30,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant
of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share.
The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 300,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial
public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 800,000 units to our sponsor and the representative at a purchase price
of 10.00 per placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. 

A total of 300,000,000, comprised of 294,000,000
of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 6,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the placement units was placed in the
trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

On March 8, 2021, the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the 4,500,000 over-allotment units occurred on March
10, 2021, generating gross proceeds of 45,000,000. In connection with the closing of the purchase of the over-allotment units, the Company
sold an additional 90,000 placement units to the sponsor and the representative at a price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating an
additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. 

On February 28, 2023 the Company held a special
meeting, voting to extending the time the Company has to complete a business combination to December 2, 2023. In connection with such
meeting, the Company s stockholders holding 31,291,466 public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata
portion of the funds in the trust account, and as a result 318,435,860.83 (approximately 10.17 per share) was removed from the trust
account to pay such holders. In connection with the Extension, on March 3, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of up to 900,000 (the Extension Funds to the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to provide
the Company with equal installments of 100,000, to be deposited into the trust account for each month in which the Combination Period
is extended. Following the redemptions, the Company had 3,208,534 public shares outstanding. 

26 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022, were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
for our initial public offering, described below, and, after our initial public offering, identifying a target company for our initial
business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was 5,053,210 interest earned from the trust account. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
loss from operations of 1,092,069, which consisted of operating costs, and net income of 8,697,124, which included gain from the change
in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 5,716,540, interest income of 5,053,210 and provision for income taxes of 980,557. We are
required to revalue our liability-classified warrants at the end of each reporting period and reflect in the statements of operations
a gain or loss from the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities in the period in which the change occurred. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a
loss from operations of 1,072,037 which consisted of operating costs, and net income of 1,838,172, which included a net gain from the
change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 3,152,371, and interest income of 17,951, offset by warrant issuance costs of 260,113.
We are required to revalue our liability-classified warrants at the end of each reporting period and reflect in the statement of operations
a gain or loss from the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities in the period in which the change occurred. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 2, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 30,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. In connection with our
initial public offering, the underwriters were granted a 30-day option from the date of the prospectus to purchase up to 4,500,000
additional units to cover over-allotment, if any. On March 8, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option,
generating gross proceeds of 45,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the initial closing and over-allotment
closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the sale of an aggregate 890,000 private placement units to our sponsor and the
representative at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 8,900,000. 

Following our initial public offering, the exercise
of the over-allotment option and the sale of the placement units, a total of 345,000,000 was placed in the trust account. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
held in the trust account of 349,466,161. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. For the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 5,053,210 and 17,951 interest income earned from the trust account, respectively.
Following the Extension and related redemptions, we had approximately 32.65 million remaining in the trust account. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in operating activities was 1,003,206. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete
our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 352,305
held outside the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses,
perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete our initial business combination. 

27 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial business combination, the initial stockholders or their affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust
account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such
loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the placement warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination are less than the actual amount
necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws,
we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional
financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Going Concern 

The Company anticipates that the 352,305 outside
of the trust account as of December 31, 2022 might not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate until the end of the Combination
Period, assuming that an initial business combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of its initial business
combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the trust account, and any additional working capital loans from the initial
stockholders, the Company s officers and directors, or their respective affiliates (which is described in Note 5), for identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the initial
business combination. 

The Company can raise additional capital through
working capital loans from the sponsor, the Company s officers, directors, or their respective affiliates (which is described in
Note 5), or through loans from third parties. None of the sponsor, officers or directors is under any obligation to advance funds to,
or to invest in, the Company. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to
conserve liquidity, which could include, but may not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of its
business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on
commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until December 2, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. However, if
the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the Company will redeem 100 of the
outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described in the Registration Statement, and
then seek to dissolve and liquidate. Management plans to complete an initial business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation
date. 

Management has determined that the uncertainty
of availability of new financing to meet its liquidity needs and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur,
and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the Combination Period.
The Company intends to complete an initial business combination prior to its mandatory liquidation date. 

28 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We do not have any obligations, assets or liabilities
that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Contractual Obligations 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have
any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. On February 25, 2021, we entered
into an administrative support agreement, pursuant to which we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per
month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon the earlier of the completion of our initial business
combination and our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred
and paid 120,000 which was included in formation costs on the statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred
and paid expenses of 100,000 under this agreement. 

We have engaged the representative as an advisor
in connection with our initial business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our stockholders to discuss the potential initial
business combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities in connection with our initial business combination, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the initial business
combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the initial business combination. Unless it is
agreed differently with our underwriters, we will pay the representative a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial
business combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of our initial public offering 12,075,000). 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during
the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting
policies: 

Class A Common stock subject to possible
redemption 

We account for Class A common stock subject to
possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A Common
stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
Class A common stock (including Class A common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At
all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit
section of our balance sheets. 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge
exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase
warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480
and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as
liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

29 

We account for our 11,796,607 common stock
warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering (11,499,941) and placement warrants (296,666) as derivative warrant
liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair
value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at
each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value
of placement warrants issued by us in connection with our initial public offering and private placement has been estimated
using Monte-Carlo simulations at each measurement date. The fair value of public warrants issued with our initial public
offering was initially measured using Monte-Carlo simulations and then measured based trading price once they commenced trading on
March 29, 2021. 

Offering costs associated with our initial
public offering 

We allocated in accordance with the requirements
of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A - Expenses of Offering. Offering costs
consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to our initial public
offering. 

We allocated the offering costs between common
stock and public warrants using the relative fair value method. The offering costs allocated to the public warrants will be expensed
immediately, and offering costs allocated to common stock were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of our initial public
offering. 

Net income per share of common stock 

We compute net income per common stock by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. We have two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. This presentation
assumes an initial business combination as the most likely outcome. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common
stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent accounting standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40):
Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies
accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 also removes certain
settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings
per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 for smaller reporting companies using a December 31
fiscal year end and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1,
2021. We are reviewing the impact adoption would have, if any, on our financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Factors That May
Adversely Affect our Results of Operations 

Our results of operations and our ability to
complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility
in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the
financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions,
declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of
new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood
of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our
ability to complete initial business combination. 

30 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-24 
 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this Report. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly
in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules
and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records
 that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts
 and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding
 prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on
 the consolidated financial statements. 

31 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Report does not
include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an
emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report, our directors
and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Neil Richardson 
 66 
 Chairman 
 
 Dimitri Elkin 
 54 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Jonathan Morris 
 46 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Anthony Steains 
 56 
 Director 
 
 Bob Foresman 
 54 
 Director 

The experience of our directors and executive
officers is as follows: 

Mr. Neil Richardson has served as
our Chairman since March 2021. From December 2017 until December 2019, he served as Chairman of Twelve Seas Investment Company. Since
January 2012, Mr. Richardson has been the Chairman of North Sea Capital, a family office involved in private equity and other
alternative investments. From 2004 to 2012, Mr. Richardson was a Founding Partner for Lion Capital, a London-based private
equity firm which evolved to have assets under management of over 8 billion. From 1994 to 2004, Mr. Richardson was with Kohlberg
Kravis Roberts Co., a leading global private equity firm, where he was a General Partner and helped establish its European
arm. From 1986 to 1994, Mr. Richardson was a Managing Director with Credit Suisse First Boston, a leading investment bank. From
1980 to 1986, Mr. Richardson was a manager with Bain Company, a consulting firm. Mr. Richardson previously served
as director of numerous companies including, inter alia, Newsquest, Wincor Nixdorf, Tenovis, Watches of Switzerland, EurotaxGlass s,
AS Adventure, American Apparel and Twelve Seas Investment Company. Mr. Richardson graduated from Oxford University. We believe Mr. Richardson
is well-qualified to serve as the Chairman of the board given his significant directorship experience, in-depth knowledge of
capital markets and investment experience. 

Mr. Dimitri Elkin has been our Chief
Executive Officer and a director since inception. From December 2017 until December 2019, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Twelve
Seas Investment Company. Since April 2013, Mr. Elkin has been a Founding Partner of Twelve Seas Limited. From 2007 to April 2013,
Mr. Elkin served as General Partner of UFG Private Equity, a mid-market regional buyout firm based in Moscow. From 2003 to
2006, Mr. Elkin was a Founding Partner at GIC Capital, a U.S. private equity firm. From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Elkin served as an
investment executive at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co., heading its activities in the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe.
From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Elkin served as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers. Mr. Elkin previously served as director of
multiple corporate entities, including Kamaz, Imperial Porcelain Company, Russian Alcohol, and Twelve Seas Investment Company. Mr. Elkin
graduated from Moscow State University and received an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe Mr. Elkin is well-qualified to
serve as a director of the Company given his extensive experience in banking, finance and investment. 

Mr. Jonathan Morris has been our
Chief Financial Officer since inception and a director since November 2020. Mr. Morris has over 23 years of experience as a
finance executive as a principal, operator and advisor. Mr. Morris has led principal investments and structuring at a large private
family office. Mr. Morris served at Blackstone Group, Inc. from 2012 to 2016, and he was on the board of directors of SunGard AS
from 2014 to 2016. From 2005 to 2012, he was in the TMT Investment Banking Group of Credit Suisse. Mr. Morris began his career in
1997 within the private equity division of Lombard, Odier et Cie, private bank in Switzerland. Mr. Morris currently serves as Chief
Development Officer of TLG Acquisition One Corp and as CFO of FreeCast Inc and Hush Aerospace. Mr. Morris holds bachelor s
degree in Finance from the University of Virginia and an MBA from Georgetown University. We believe Mr. Morris is well-qualified to
serve as a director of the Company given his significant investment experience. 

33 

Mr. Anthony Steains has served as
an independent director since March 2021. Mr. Steains has over 25 years of investment banking experience. Mr. Steains is the
founder of Comprador Limited Comprador ), a Hong Kong based corporate finance advisory firm specializing in complex cross-border mergers
 acquisitions and corporate restructurings, and he has served as its Chairman and CEO since April 2015, following the transfer of
Blackstone s (NYSE: BX) Asia M A advisory business to Comprador. Prior to founding Comprador, Mr. Steains was a Senior
Managing Director for Blackstone and established Blackstone Advisory Partners in 2008. Prior to Blackstone, Mr. Steains was Head
of the Asia Corporate Finance Group at Lehman Brothers and was formerly Head of Merger Acquisitions for Deutsche Bank in Asia.
Prior to Deutsche Bank, Mr. Steains served as Head of Mergers Acquisitions in Asia for ING Barings. Mr. Steains is the
Senior Independent Director of Capital Counties Properties PLC (LON: CAPC), a United Kingdom-based property investment and
development company. Mr. Steains received a Bachelor of Business from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and a Bachelor
of Laws (Hons) from the University of London. We believe Mr. Steains is well-qualified to serve as a director of the Company
given his investment banking and corporate activities. 

Bob Foresman has served as an independent
director since March 2021. Mr. Foresman served as an advisor to the Company until his appointment to the board. He has, since July 2020,
served as a director of Ascendant Digital Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: ACND), a blank check company that consummated its initial public offering
of 414,000,000 in July 2020. Mr. Foresman served as vice chairman of UBS Investment Bank (NYSE: UBS), based in New York, from October
2016 to April 2020. Mr. Foresman was also chairman of OOO UBS Bank in Russia as well as UBS Group country head for Russia and the
Commonwealth of Independent States region CIS from January 2018 to April 2020. Prior to joining UBS, Mr. Foresman
was the Barclays Group (OTC: BCLYF) country head (from December 2009 to April 2016) for Russia and the wider region, where he represented
and coordinated the activities of Barclays Group in the region, including investment banking and wealth management. Prior to his work
at Barclays, Mr. Foresman was deputy chairman of Renaissance Capital (from August 2006 to November 2009), chairman of the management
committee for Russia and the CIS at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein (from January 2001 to June 2006) and head of investment banking for
Russia and the CIS at ING Barings (from August 1997 to December 2000). Mr. Foresman also ran the Ukrainian Privatization Advisory
office of the International Finance Corporation IFC from June 1993 to November 1995 in Kyiv and worked on private equity
and project finance transactions as an investment officer at IFC s head office in Washington, DC from December 1995 to July 1997.
Mr. Foresman served as an independent non-executive director of TMK Group (MCX: TRMK), a producer of steel pipes for the oil
 gas industry, from June 2012 to June 2019. Mr. Foresman also currently serves on the board of Miami Steel, a micro steel mill
development and eco industrial park in South Florida; on the board of InfoSec Global, a cybersecurity firm based in Toronto;
as chairman of the advisory board of Amber Lion Partners, a Zurich-based investment management firm; as senior advisor of SDR Capital
Markets, a Denver-based broker dealer; and vice chairman of ArkMalibu, a Cincinnati-based sell-side advisory boutique. Mr. Foresman has been a member the advisory board of Harvard University s David Center for Russian and Eurasian Studies since January 2016; and a
lifetime member of the Council on Foreign Relations since March 2015. Mr. Foresman graduated from Harvard University s Graduate
School of Arts Sciences in 1993 and Bucknell University in 1990. Mr. Foresman also received a certificate from the Moscow
Energy Institute in 1989. We believe Mr. Foresman is well-qualified to serve as a director of the Company given his investment
banking and investment experience. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We currently have five directors. Our board of
directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors,
consisting of Messrs. Richardson, Foresman, and Steains, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office
of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Elkin and Richardson, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of
a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant
Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

34 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of
the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules
require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the
board of directors. Messrs. Richardson, Foresman, and Steains serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Richardson chairs
the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the
audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Richardson, Foresman and Steains meet the independent director standard
under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate, and our board of directors has determined Mr. Richardson qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement,
 and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services
 to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and
 procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former
 employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and
 regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation
 in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually,
 from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s
 internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review,
 or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding
 five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all
 relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting
 firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction
 required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction;
 and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered
 public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our
 financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB,
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee
of the board of directors. Messrs. Steains and Richardson serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent.
Messrs. Steains and Richardson are independent, and Mr. Steains chairs the compensation committee. 

35 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate
 goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive
 Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our
 Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation,
 if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation
 policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
 equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
 and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments
 and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation
 to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if
 appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been or will be paid to any of our existing
stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate
the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business
combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to
be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or
receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as
exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov .
In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with
the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain
reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors
and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

36 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. We pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment
of a loan, has been or will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors,
prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our
or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account.
Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our
reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying
and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business
combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined
company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy
solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the
ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in
our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that
provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect
to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
 of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that
 beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based
on 12,998,534 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023, consisting of (i) 12,998,534 shares of Class A common
stock and (ii) no shares of Class B common stock. On February 6, 2023, all 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock were converted into
shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis in the Founder Conversion. 

37 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within
60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A common stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage 
 of Class 
 
 Twelve Seas Sponsor II LLC (2) 
 9,285,000 
 71.4 
 
 Neil Richardson (3) 

Dimitri Elkin (2) 
 9,285,000 
 71.4 
 
 Jonathan Morris (2) 
 9,285,000 
 71.4 
 
 Anthony Steains (3) 

Bob Foresman 

All executive officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 
 9,285,000 
 71.4 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Atlas Merchant Capital SPAC Fund I LP (4) 
 2,219,576 
 17.1 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is 2685 Nottingham Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90027. 

(2) Twelve Seas Sponsor II LLC, our sponsor, is the record
holder of the securities reported herein, which consist of 660,000 placement shares and 8,625,000 founder shares. Dmitri Elkin and Jonathan
Morris are the managing members of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Dmitri Elkin and Jonathan Morris may be deemed to share
beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Dmitri Elkin and Jonathan Morris disclaim any such beneficial ownership
except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. 

(3) Each of these individuals holds a direct or indirect interest
in our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary
interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G filed on December 21, 2022, Atlas
Merchant Capital SPAC Fund I LP (the Fund ), Atlas Merchant Capital LLC (the Advisor ), Atlas Merchant Capital
Holdings, Ltd. Holdings ), Atlas Merchant Capital LP AMC Capital ), Atlas Merchant Capital GP LLC AMC-GP ),
AMC SPAC Fund GP LP General Partner ), AMC SPAC Fund MGP LLC AMC SPAC MGP ), Robert E. Diamond and David
I. Schamis (collectively with the Fund, Advisor, Holdings, AMC Capital, AMC-GP, General Partner, and AMC SPAC MGP, the AMC Reporting
Persons acquired 2,219,576 shares of Class A common stock. The business address for the AMC Reporting Persons is c/o Atlas Merchant
Capital LLC, 477 Madison Avenue, 22 nd FL, New York, NY 10022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In August 2020, we issued an aggregate of
5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.004 per share. In January
2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.25 for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in our initial stockholders
holding an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such
founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering (excluding the placement
units and underlying securities and the representative shares). On February 25, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.2 for
each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in the initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares.
This number included up to 1,125,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised
in full or in part by the underwriters. On March 8, 2021, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full. As a result, the
1,125,000 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

38 

On February 6, 2023, we issued an aggregate of
8,625,000 shares of Class A common stock to our sponsor upon the conversion of the Class B common stock held by our sponsor. The 8,625,000
shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with the Founder Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the
shares of Class B common stock before the Founder Conversion, as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering, including,
among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business
combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial
public offering, our sponsor and the representative purchased an aggregate of 800,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit,
for an aggregate purchase price of 8,000,000. 

On March 8, 2021, the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 4,500,000 units occurred on March 10,
2021, generating gross proceeds of 45,000,000. In connection with the closing of the purchase of the over-allotment units, the Company
sold an additional aggregate of 90,000 placement units to our sponsor and the representative at a price of 10.00 per private placement
unit, generating an additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. 

On March 2, 2021, the Company also issued to
the representative 275,000 representative shares upon the consummation of the initial public offering. 

There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, placement shares, placement warrants or representative shares,
which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within the Combination Period. 

On July 21, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to our sponsor in the aggregate principal amount of up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial
public offering (the Promissory Note ). This loan is non-interest bearing and unsecured and was due at the earlier of March
31, 2021 or the closing of the initial public offering. The loan was not repaid upon the closing of the initial public and is due on
demand. As of March 2, 2021, the Company had incurred an aggregate of 201,061 of offering expenses from the initial public offering
under the Promissory Note. The Company owes 36,921 and 37,500 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There are no remaining
borrowings available to the Company and the balance is due on demand. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete an
initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit
at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units.
Other than as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek
access to funds in our trust account. 

In connection with the Extension, our sponsor
or its designees have agreed to contribute to us, on a monthly basis, an Extension Loan equal to 100,000, which amount will be paid
for each calendar month (commencing on March 3, 2023, and ending on the second (2 nd day of each subsequent month),
or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete an initial business combination until December 2, 2023. For example,
if we complete an initial business combination on December 2, 2023, which would represent nine (9) calendar months, then
the aggregate amount deposited per share will be approximately 0.28 per share, with the aggregate maximum contribution to the trust
account being 900,000. 

39 

The initial Extension Loan was deposited in the
trust account on March 4, 2023. Each additional Extension Loan will be deposited in the trust account within seven calendar days
from the second (2 nd day of such calendar month (or portion thereof). The amount of the Extension Loans will not bear
interest and will be repayable by us to our sponsor or its designees upon consummation of an initial business combination. Our board
will have the sole discretion whether, and for how many months, to extend the Combination Period up to December 2, 2023, and
if our board determines not to continue extending for additional calendar months, our sponsor or its designees obligation
to make Extension Loans following such determination will terminate. 

We pay Twelve Seas Capital, Inc., an affiliate
of our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Other than the foregoing, no compensation of
any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, have been or
will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that are to be made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as
applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of
such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

The holders of the founder shares, placement
units, representative shares and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each case holders of their
component securities, as applicable) will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by
them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration
demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back 
registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

We have entered into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Richardson, Foresman, and Steains are independent directors 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which
only independent directors are present. 

40 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees for professional services
rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of
the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 86,580 and 79,000, respectively. These amounts include interim procedures and
audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are
not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we did not pay
Withum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

We were billed 0 and 7,725 by Withum for
tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay Withum for any other services
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to
be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services
described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

41 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number
 100) 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-24 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted
because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial
statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

42 

TWELVE SEAS INVESTMENT COMPANY II 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number
 100) 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

Twelve Seas Investment Company II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Twelve Seas Investment Company II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by December 2, 2023, then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to
these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

TWELVE SEAS INVESTMENT COMPANY II 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Marketable Securities held in trust account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Due to related party 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 8) 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding (excluding 34,500,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total
 Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

TWELVE SEAS INVESTMENT COMPANY II 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the 
Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating costs 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in trust account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other income (expenses), net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

TWELVE SEAS INVESTMENT COMPANY II 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Sale of Private Class A shares on March 2, 2021 and Class A shares on March 10, 2021 through a private placement, net of fair value of warrant liability 

Issuance of representative shares 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion for Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

TWELVE SEAS INVESTMENT COMPANY II 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in
 trust account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in trust account 

Cash withdrawn from trust account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of units, net of underwriters discount 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash
 provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Deferred underwriting commissions charged to additional paid-in capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

TWELVE
SEAS INVESMENT COMPANY II 

NOTES
TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

units, at per unit, generating gross proceeds
of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

units (the over-allotment
units ). On March 8, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and
sale of the additional over-allotment units occurred on March 10, 2021, generating gross proceeds of . 

units to
the sponsor and the representative at a purchase price of per unit (the placement units ), generating gross proceeds
to the Company of . In connection with the closing of the purchase of the over-allotment units, the Company sold an additional
 placement units to the sponsor at a price of per placement unit, generating an additional of gross proceeds. 

shares of Class A common stock (the representative shares to Mizuho Securities USA LLC (the
 representative upon the consummation of the initial public offering. The Company accounts for the representative shares
as an expense of the initial public offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders deficit, at an estimated fair value
of . 

consisting
of of underwriting commissions, fair value of the representative shares of and of other cash offering
costs. 

of cash was held outside of the U.S.
based trust account established in connection with the initial public offering (the trust account and is available for
working capital purposes. 

F- 7 

If the Company
is unable to complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the Company will redeem of the outstanding public
shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income
taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described in the Registration
Statement, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. 

following any related redemptions and, if the Company
seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. If a stockholder vote
is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for
business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to completing an initial business combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company
will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with an initial business combination, the sponsor has agreed to vote its
shares of the Company s Class B common stock initially purchased by the sponsor in a private placement prior to the initial public
offering (the founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the initial public offering in favor of approving
an initial business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if
they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account
(whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of
the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). However, the Company has not asked its sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently
verified whether its sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and its belief that the sponsor s only assets
are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

F- 8 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 9 

in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of , excluding franchise and income taxes payable. All remaining cash
held in the trust account is generally unavailable for the Company s use prior to an initial business combination and is restricted
for use either in an initial business combination or to redeem common stock. 

from the sale of the founder shares, issuance of a unsecured promissory
note to the sponsor, and the remaining net proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of placement units. 

outside
of the trust account as of December 31, 2022, might not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate until December 2, 2023 (i.e., the
Combination Period), assuming that an initial business combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of its initial
business combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the trust account, and any additional working capital loans from
the initial stockholders, the Company s officers and directors, or their respective affiliates (which is described in Note 5),
for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the
initial business combination. 

of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to the Company, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further
described in the Registration Statement, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. Management plans to complete an initial business combination
prior to the mandatory liquidation date. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

. At December 31, 2022, the Company has significant cash balances at financial institutions which throughout
the year regularly exceed the federally insured limit of . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

F- 12 

shares of
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section
of the Company s balance sheets. 

public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account, and as a result 318,435,860.83 (approximately per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such holders. In connection
with the Extension, on March 3, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to (the Extension
Funds to the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to provide the Company with equal installments of , to be deposited
into the trust account for each month in which the Combination Period is extended. Following the redemptions, the Company had 
public shares outstanding. 

F- 13 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Issuance costs related to Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective
tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to changes in fair value in warrant
liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

Class A common stock in the
aggregate. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that
could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted
net income per common stock is the same as basic net income per common stock for the periods presented. 

F- 14 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common stock

units at a purchase price of per unit. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock and one-third warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share
of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30
days after the completion of the initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of the initial public offering and will expire
five years after the completion of the initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation (see Note 6). 

units to cover over-allotments. On March 8, 2021, the underwriters
exercised their over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional units occurred on
March 10, 2021, generating proceeds of . 

F- 15 

placement units at a purchase price of per
placement unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The placement units (and the underlying securities) are identical
to the units sold as part of the units in the initial public offering. 

placement units to the sponsor and the representative at a price of
 per placement unit, generating an additional of gross proceeds. 

of its public shares
if the Company does not complete its initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii)
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete
its initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering. In addition, the Company s sponsor,
officers, directors, and representative have agreed to vote any founder shares, placement shares, and public shares held by them (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the Company s initial business combination. 

founder shares to the sponsor for in cash, or approximately per share, in connection with formation. On January 26, 2021,
the Company effected a stock dividend of shares for each Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in there being an aggregate
of founder shares outstanding. On February 25, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of for each share of Class B
common stock outstanding, resulting in the initial stockholders holding an aggregate of founder shares. This number included
up to shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part
by the underwriters. On March 8, 2021, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full; since then, the founder
shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s initial business combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial public offering. This loan is non-interest bearing and unsecured
and was due at the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the closing of the initial public offering. The loan was not repaid upon the closing of
the initial public offering and is due on demand. As of March 2, 2021, the Company had incurred an aggregate of of offering expenses
from the initial public offering under the Promissory Note. The Company repaid on March 25, 2021 and owes as of December
31, 2021. There are no remaining borrowings available to the Company and the balance is due on demand. 

F- 16 

of such working capital loans may
be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the placement
warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no working capital loans
were outstanding. 

for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Company s initial business combination or its
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid 
which is included in operating costs on the statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid
 which is included in operating cost on the statements of operations. 

and , respectively. 

shares of the Company s common stock issued in connection with the initial public offering
and the private placement (including warrants issued in connection with the consummation of the over-allotment). 

per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to
the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The public warrants will become exercisable
on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the initial
public offering. The public warrants will expire after the completion of an initial business combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 17 

F- 18 

of the consideration receivable by the holders of the shares of common stock in the
initial business combination is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity, and if the holders of the warrants properly
exercise the warrants within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation of the initial business combination by the
Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant
price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant
Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets.
 Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the shares of common stock consists exclusively
of cash, the amount of such cash per share of common stock, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the shares
of common stock as reported during the ten-trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the initial business
combination. 

of warrant liability upon issuance as of March 2, 2021, as adjusted
for the closing of the underwriters fully exercised over-allotment option. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
a change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities in the amount of on the statements of operations, resulting in warrant
liabilities of as of December 31, 2022, on the balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a change
in the fair value of the warrant liabilities in the amount of on the statements of operations, resulting in warrant liabilities
of as of December 31, 2022, on the balance sheets. 

F- 19 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability public warrants 

Warrant liability placement warrants 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability public warrants 

Warrant liability placement warrants 

. 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2022 

Over-allotment 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Less: Transfer of public warrant liabilities to Level 1 

Warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

F- 20 

likelihood of completing an initial business combination following historical trends of
special purpose acquisition companies. 

Stock price 

Volatility 

Expected life of the options to convert 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Likelihood of completing a business combination 

units to cover over-allotments. 

. 

of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering. 

F- 21 

. In addition, the representative agrees (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with
the completion of the initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

shares of preferred stock at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock at par value of each. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption. 

shares of Class B common stock at par value of each. In August 2020,
the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to its initial stockholders for , or approximately per share.
On January 26, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting
in there being an aggregate of founder shares outstanding. On February 25, 2021, the Company effected another stock dividend
of shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in the initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 
founder shares. This number included up to shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option
was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. On March 8, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in
full; for this reason, the founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. Shares of Class B common stock outstanding as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s
initial business combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s initial
stockholders with respect to any founder shares. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the initial
public offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business
combination or any private placement-equivalent units issued to the sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

F- 22 

Startup Costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State: 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, and will be carried forward indefinitely. 

and , respectively. 

Transaction costs warrants 

Offering expenses related to warrant issuance 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Income tax provision 

F- 23 

in Delaware franchise taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is included in operating costs in the accompanying statements
of operations. The full balance is outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying
balance sheets. 

shares of Class A common stock, par value per share Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor, upon the
conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock, par value per share Class B Common Stock held
by the Sponsor (the Conversion ). The shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the Conversion
are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the shares of Class B Common Stock before the Conversion, including, among others,
certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as
described in the prospectus for the Company s initial public offering. Following the Conversion, there are shares of
Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. As a result of the Conversion,
the Sponsor holds of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 

public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata
portion of the funds in the trust account, and as a result (approximately per share) was removed from the trust
account to pay such holders. In connection with the Extension, on March 3, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of up to (the Extension Funds to the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to provide
the Company with equal installments of , to be deposited into the trust account for each month in which the Combination Period
is extended. Following the redemptions, the Company had public shares outstanding. 

F- 24 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Mizuho Securities USA LLC, as representative of the several underwriters. (3) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Mizuho Securities USA LLC. (3) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (5) 
 
 3.3 
 
 By Laws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors, and our sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 20, 2020, issued to Twelve Seas Investment Company II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated July 20, 2020, between the Company and our sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between the Company and our sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Mizuho Securities USA LLC. (3) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between the Company and Twelve Seas Capital, Inc. (3) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 3, 2023, issued by the Company to Twelve Seas Sponsor II LLC. (6) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics. (2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document
 and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form
 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2023. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 
 TWELVE SEAS INVESTMENT COMPANY II 

By: 
 /s/
Dimitri Elkin 

Name: 
 Dimitri Elkin 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dimitri
 Elkin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Dimitri Elkin 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jonathan
 Morris 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jonathan Morris 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Neil
 Richardson 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Neil Richardson 

/s/ Anthony
 Steains 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Anthony Steains 

/s/ Bob
 Foresman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Bob Foresman 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_twelveseas2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dimitri Elkin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Twelve Seas Investment Company II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dimitri Elkin 

Dimitri Elkin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_twelveseas2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan Morris, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Twelve Seas Investment Company II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Morris 

Jonathan Morris 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_twelveseas2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Twelve Seas Investment Company II (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dimitri Elkin, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dimitri Elkin 

Dimitri Elkin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_twelveseas2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Twelve Seas Investment Company II (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Morris, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Morris 

Jonathan Morris 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 twlv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 twlv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 twlv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 twlv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 twlv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

