<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1475841_0001558370-23-002370.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33502267</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422819</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3049729</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14732340</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4363611</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9739193</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002370.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002370
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			National Bank Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001475841
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				270563799
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35654
		FILM NUMBER:		23685823

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7800 EAST ORCHARD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-892-8715

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7800 EAST ORCHARD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NBH Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091030

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002370.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 nbhc-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 

 ORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of February 24, 2023, NBHC had outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock with 0.01 par value per share, excluding 164,870 shares of restricted Class A common stock issued but not yet vested. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022 will be incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 INDE X 

Page Cautionary Notes Regarding Forward Looking Statements 3 PART I Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 21 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 34 Item 2. Properties 34 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 34 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 34 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 34 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 36 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 43 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 69 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 70 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 131 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 131 Item 9B. Other Information 134 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 134 Item 11. Executive Compensation 134 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 134 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 134 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 134 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 135 Signatures 139 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT S This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, can, would, should, could, may, predict, seek, potential, will, estimate, target, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, intend and similar words or phrases. These statements are only predictions and involve estimates, known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties. We have based these statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, business strategy and growth prospects. Forward-looking statements involve certain important risks, uncertainties and other factors, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: our ability to execute our business strategy, including our digital strategy, as well as changes in our business strategy or development plans; business and economic conditions generally and in the financial services industry; effects of any potential government shutdowns; economic, market, operational, liquidity, credit and interest rate risks associated with our business, including increased competition for deposits due to prevailing interest rates; effects of any changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; changes imposed by regulatory agencies to increase our capital to a level greater than the current level required for well-capitalized financial institutions; effects of inflation, including its associated impact on labor costs, as well as, interest rate, securities market and monetary supply fluctuations; changes in the economy or supply-demand imbalances affecting local real estate values; changes in consumer spending, borrowings and savings habits; with respect to our mortgage business, our inability to negotiate our fees with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae or other investors for the purchase of our loans, our obligation to indemnify purchasers or to repurchase the related loans if the loans fail to meet certain criteria, or higher rate of delinquencies and defaults as a result of the geographic concentration of our servicing portfolio; our ability to identify potential candidates for, obtain regulatory approval for, and consummate, acquisitions, consolidations or other expansion opportunities on attractive terms, or at all; our ability to integrate acquisitions, such as Community Bancorporation and Bancshares of Jackson Hole Incorporated (the 2022 Mergers ), or consolidations and to achieve synergies, operating efficiencies and/or other expected benefits within expected time-frames, or at all, or within expected cost projections, and to preserve the goodwill of acquired financial institutions; business disruption following the 2022 Mergers; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from enhancements or updates to our core operating systems from time to time without significant change in our client service or risk to our control environment; our dependence on information technology and telecommunications systems of third-party service providers and the risk of system failures, interruptions or breaches of security, including those that could result in disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary client or other information; our ability to achieve organic loan and deposit growth and the competition for, and composition of, such growth; changes in sources and uses of funds, including loans, deposits and borrowings; increased competition in the financial services industry, nationally, regionally or locally, resulting in, among other things, lower returns; continued consolidation in the financial services industry; our ability to maintain or increase market share and control expenses; the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and other accounting standard setters; the trading price of shares of the Company s stock; the effects of tax legislation, including the potential of future changes to prevailing tax rates, or challenges to our positions; our ability to realize deferred tax assets or the need for a valuation allowance, or the effects of changes in tax laws on our deferred tax assets; costs and effects of changes in laws and regulations and of other legal and regulatory developments, including, but not limited to, changes in regulation that affect the fees that we charge, the resolution of legal proceedings or regulatory or other governmental inquiries, and the results of regulatory examinations, reviews or other inquiries; and changes in regulations that apply to us as a Colorado state-chartered bank and a Wyoming state-chartered bank; technological changes; the timely development and acceptance of new products and services, including in the digital technology space and our digital solution 2UniFi SM , and perceived overall value of these products and services by our clients; changes in our management personnel and our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; ability to implement and/or improve operational management and other internal risk controls and processes and our reporting system and procedures; regulatory limitations on dividends from our bank subsidiaries; changes in estimates of future credit reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; widespread natural and other disasters, dislocations, political instability, pandemics, acts of war or terrorist activities, cyberattacks or international hostilities through impacts on the economy and financial markets generally or on us or our counterparties specifically; a cyber-security incident, data breach or a failure of a key information technology system; 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 impact of reputational risk on such matters as business generation and retention; other risks and uncertainties listed from time to time in the Company s reports and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances, except as required by applicable law. PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATIO N Item 1. BUSINESS . Summary National Bank Holdings Corporation NBHC or the Company is a financial holding company that was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 2009. The Company is headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado, and its primary operations are conducted through its wholly owned subsidiaries, NBH Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole Trust the Banks ). The Company provides a variety of banking products and services to both commercial and consumer clients through a network of over 95 banking centers, as of December 31, 2022, located primarily in Colorado and the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho, as well as through online and mobile banking products and services. As of December 31, 2022, we had 9.6 billion in assets, 7.2 billion in loans, 7.9 billion in deposits, 1.1 billion in shareholders equity and 0.8 billion of trust and wealth management assets under management. NBH Bank is a Colorado state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve Bank FRB of Kansas City. We operate under the following brand names as divisions of NBH Bank: in Colorado, Community Banks of Colorado and Community Banks Mortgage; in Kansas and Missouri, Bank Midwest and Bank Midwest Mortgage; in Wyoming, Bank of Jackson Hole and Bank of Jackson Hole Mortgage; and in Texas, Utah, New Mexico and Idaho, Hillcrest Bank and Hillcrest Bank Mortgage. Bank of Jackson Hole Trust BOJHT is a Wyoming state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. Our trust and wealth business currently operates under the Wyoming charter as Bank of Jackson Hole Trust and Bank of Jackson Hole Trust and Wealth Partners. The Company continues to develop our digital solution 2UniFi SM , a national platform for providing banking services to small and medium-sized businesses, digital payment tools and financial services information management. We believe these services will address borrowings, depository and cash management needs for our clients by providing digital access to financial services, real-time information and digital payment solutions. We continue to focus on growing our core business while also innovating and building partnerships that will help us deliver a comprehensive digital financial ecosystem. Our Acquisitions We began banking operations in October 2010 and, as of December 31, 2022, we have completed eight bank acquisitions. We have transformed these banks into one collective banking operation with a strong capital position, organic growth, prudent underwriting, a granular and well-diversified loan portfolio and meaningful market share with continued opportunity for expansion. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Rock Canyon Bank Acquisition On September 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Community Bancorporation, the bank holding company of Utah-based Rock Canyon Bank RCB ). Immediately following the completion of the acquisition, RCB merged into NBH Bank. Pursuant to the merger agreement executed in April 2022, the Company paid 16.1 million of cash consideration and issued 3,096,745 shares of the Company s Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding common stock of Community Bancorporation. The transaction was valued at 140.4 million in the aggregate, based on the Company s closing price of 40.13 on August 31, 2022. Bank of Jackson Hole Acquisition On October 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Bancshares of Jackson Hole, the bank holding company of Wyoming-based Bank of Jackson Hole BOJH ). Pursuant to the merger agreement executed in March 2022, the Company paid 51.0 million of cash consideration and issued 4,391,964 shares of the Company s Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding common stock of Bancshares of Jackson Hole. The transaction was valued at 213.4 million in the aggregate, based on the Company s closing price of 36.99 on September 30, 2022. Immediately following the closing of the acquisition, BOJH sold substantially of all its assets and liabilities to NBH Bank, with the exception of assets and liabilities related to its trust business. Effective October 1, 2022, BOJH was renamed as Bank of Jackson Hole Trust. The Bank of Jackson Hole Trust also operates under the brand Jackson Hole Trust. All of our acquisitions were accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values and the fair value discounts/premiums on loans are being accreted over the lives of the loans. Our Market Area Our core markets are broadly defined as Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho. We are the third largest banking center network among Colorado-based banks and the sixth largest banking center network in the greater Kansas City metropolitan statistical area MSA among Missouri- and Kansas-based banks ranked by deposits as of June 30, 2022 (the last date as of which data are available), according to S P Global. Other major MSAs in which we operate include Salt Lake City, Utah; Jackson, Wyoming; Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, Texas; Boise City, ID and Austin-Round Rock, Texas. We believe that our established presence in our markets positions us well for growth opportunities. An integral component of our foundation and growth strategy has been to capitalize on market opportunities and acquire financial services franchises. Our primary focus has been on markets that we believe are characterized by some or all of the following: (i) attractive demographics with household income and population growth above the national average; (ii) concentration of business activity; (iii) high quality deposit bases; (iv) an advantageous competitive landscape that provides opportunity to achieve meaningful market presence; (v) consolidation opportunities as well as potential for add-on transactions; and (vi) markets sizeable enough to support our long-term organic growth objectives. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 The table below describes certain key demographic statistics regarding our markets: 

Top 3 competitor # of Median combined Deposits businesses Population Unemployment Population household deposit (billions) (thousands) (millions) rate (1) growth (2) income market share Denver, CO 126.8 160.5 3.0 3.3 16.7 95,551 52 Front Range, CO (3) 170.6 > 250.0 4.8 3.3 17.2 92,157 51 Kansas City, MO-KS MSA 85.8 101.4 2.2 2.7 8.0 76,169 45 Austin, TX 71.0 96.2 2.4 2.9 31.7 91,096 50 Dallas, TX 430.5 > 250.0 7.8 3.4 17.9 81,205 62 Salt Lake City, UT 65.8 55.1 1.3 2.2 13.9 88,921 78 Jackson, WY-ID 4.4 3.0 0.0 - 12.0 93,322 74 Boise City, ID 18.4 113.2 0.8 2.6 25.7 73,973 53 U.S. (4) 3.5 6.8 72,465 57 

(1) Unemployment data is as of December 31, 2022. (2) For the period 2012 through 2022. (3) Colorado Front Range is a population weighted average of the following Colorado MSAs: Denver, Boulder, Colorado Springs, Fort Collins and Greeley. (4) Top 3 competitor combined deposit market share based on U.S. Top 20 MSAs (determined by population). Source: S P Global as of December 31, 2022, except Deposits and Top 3 Competitor Combined Deposit Market Shares, which reflects data as of June 30, 2022. Our Business Strategy As part of our goal of becoming a leading regional community financial services company, we seek to continue to generate strong organic growth, as well as pursue selective acquisitions of financial institutions and other complementary businesses. Our focus is on building organic growth through strong banking relationships with small- and medium-sized businesses and consumers in our primary markets, while maintaining a low-risk profile designed to generate reliable income streams and attractive returns. The key components of our strategic plan are: Focus on client-centered, relationship-driven banking strategy . Our business and commercial bankers focus on small- and medium-sized businesses with an advisory approach that emphasizes understanding the client s business and offering a complete array of loan, deposit and treasury management products and services. Our business and commercial bankers are supported by treasury management teams in each of their markets, which allows us to more effectively deliver a comprehensive suite of products and services to our business clients and further deepen our banking relationships. Our consumer bankers focus on knowing their clients in order to best meet their financial needs, offering a full complement of loan, deposit, online and mobile banking solutions. Expansion of commercial banking, business banking and specialty businesses . We have made significant investments in our commercial relationship managers, as well as developed significant capabilities across our business banking and several specialty commercial banking offerings. Our strategy is to originate a high-quality loan portfolio that is diversified across industries and granular in loan size. We have preferred lender status with the Small Business Administration SBA providing a leveraged platform for growth in the business lending segment. We believe we are well-positioned to leverage our operating and risk management infrastructure through organic growth, and we intend to continue to add or repurpose our commercial relationship managers to higher growth opportunities and markets in order to drive increased profitability. Expansion through organic growth, competitive product and digital offerings . We believe that our focus on serving consumers and small- to medium-sized businesses, coupled with our competitive product offerings, trust and wealth 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 management services offered through Bank of Jackson Hole Trust and our digital solution 2UniFi SM , will provide an expanded revenue base and new sources of fee income. We conduct regular market and competitive analysis to determine which products and services are best suited for our clients. Our teams also continue to pursue opportunities to deepen client relationships, which we believe will further increase our organic loan origination volumes and attract new transaction accounts that offer lower cost of funds and higher fee generating activity. Expansion through our digital solution 2UniFi SM . We are designing a platform for small and medium-sized businesses that we believe will increase access to financial services while reducing the costs of banking services. We are focused on providing small and medium-sized businesses with alternative digital access to address borrowing, depository and cash management needs, while also providing information management and access to digital payment tools, under the safety of a regulated bank. We will continue to invest with fintech solution providers to support our ecosystem buildout, support our core bank products and offerings, and to leverage efficiencies and technological solutions in our shared services areas. We believe the expansion into the digital financial ecosystem through our platform will provide an expanded revenue base, new sources of fee income and drive growth in our low cost deposit base on a national scale. Continue to strengthen profitability through organic growth and operating efficiencies . We continue to utilize our comprehensive underwriting and risk management processes under one operating platform while maintaining local branding and leadership, which allows us to support growth and realize operating efficiencies throughout our enterprise. We believe that we have the infrastructure in place to support our future revenue growth without causing non-interest expenses to increase by a corresponding amount. Our growth strategy is focused on organic initiatives in order to accelerate our growth in profitability. Key priorities to strengthen profitability include the continued ramp-up of loan production, growing lower-cost core deposits, implementing additional fee-based business initiatives and further enhancing operational efficiencies, including banking center consolidations. Maintain conservative risk profile and sound risk management practices . Strong risk management is an important element of our operating philosophy. We maintain a conservative risk culture with adherence to comprehensive and seasoned policies across all areas of the organization. We implement self-imposed concentration limits on our loan portfolio to ensure a granular and diverse loan portfolio and protect against downside risk to any particular industry or real estate sector. To manage credit risk and yield, we are taking careful approach to extending new credit. Our risk management approach seeks to identify, assess and mitigate risk and minimize any resulting losses. We have implemented processes to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject. We believe our risk management policies establish appropriate limitations that allow for the prudent oversight of such risks that include, but are not limited to the following: credit, liquidity, market, operational, legal and compliance, reputational, and strategic and business risk. Pursue disciplined acquisitions or other expansionary opportunities . We expect that acquisitions or other expansionary opportunities can be complimentary to our growth strategy. We intend to carefully select opportunities that we believe have stable core franchises, have significant growth potential or will add asset generation capabilities or fee income streams while structuring the opportunities to limit risk. Further, we seek transactions that offer opportunities for clear financial benefits with valuations that have acceptable levels of earnings accretion, tangible book value dilution/earn-back, and internal rates of return. We seek to acquire or expand into financial services franchises in markets that exhibit attractive demographic attributes and business growth trends, and we believe that our focus on attractive markets will provide long-term opportunities for organic growth. Our main focus is on our primary markets of Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Texas, Utah, Wyoming, New Mexico and Idaho, including teams, asset portfolios, specialty commercial finance businesses, and whole banks. From time to time, we also consider other types of opportunities that would be expected to improve our profitability, leverage greater scale and/or leverage technology to grow our digital offerings. We believe our strategy of strong organic growth through the retention, expansion and development of client-centered relationships and growth through selective acquisitions or other expansionary opportunities in attractive markets provides flexibility regardless of economic conditions. Our established platform for assessing, executing and integrating acquisitions creates opportunities in an economic downturn, and our attractive market factors, franchise scale in our targeted markets and our relationship-centered banking focus create opportunities in an improving economic environment. While the current 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 inflationary environment has created operating stress for many businesses, our teams continually monitor the financial health of our clients in order to manage risk. Our strong capital and liquidity have allowed us to prudently navigate an uncertain economy, and we believe we are well positioned to continue to support our clients and communities. Products and Services Through NBH Bank, our primary business is to offer a full range of banking products and financial services to our commercial, business and consumer clients, who are predominantly located in Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho. Through the Bank of Jackson Hole Trust, our primary business is to provide trust and wealth management services to our clients. We conduct our banking business with over 95 banking centers across our footprint as of December 31, 2022. Our distribution network also includes 129 ATMs as well as fully integrated online banking and mobile banking services. We offer a high level of personalized service to our clients through our relationship managers and banking center associates. We believe that a personalized banking relationship that includes multiple services, such as loan and deposit services, online and mobile banking solutions, treasury management products and services and trust and wealth management services, is the key to profitable and long-lasting client relationships and that our local focus and decision making provide us with a competitive advantage over banks that do not have these attributes. Our primary strategic objective is to serve small- to medium-sized businesses in our markets with a variety of unique and useful services, including a full array of banking products, while maintaining a strong and disciplined credit culture and delivering excellent client service. We offer a variety of products and services that are focused on the following areas: Commercial and Specialty Banking Our commercial bankers focus on small- and medium-sized businesses and commercial real estate investors/developers with an advisory approach that emphasizes understanding the client s business and offering a complete suite of loan, deposit and treasury management products and services. We have invested significantly in our commercial banking capabilities, attracting experienced commercial bankers from competing institutions in our markets, which positions us well for continued growth in our originated loan portfolio. Our commercial relationship managers offer a wide range of commercial loan products, including: Commercial and Industrial Loans We originate commercial and industrial loans and leases, including working capital loans, equipment loans, lender finance loans, food and agribusiness loans, government and non-profit loans, owner occupied commercial real estate loans and other commercial loans and leases. The terms of these loans vary by purpose and by type of underlying collateral, if any. Working capital loans generally have terms of one to three years, are usually secured by accounts receivable and inventory and carry the personal guarantees of the principals of the business. Equipment loans are generally secured by the financed equipment at advance rates that we believe are appropriate for the equipment type. In the case of owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, we are usually the primary provider of financial services for the company and/or the principals and the primary source of repayment is through the cash flows generated by the borrowers business operations. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans are typically secured by a first lien mortgage on real property plus assignments of all leases related to the properties. Underwriting guidelines generally require borrowers to contribute cash equity that results in an 80 or less loan-to-value LTV ratio on owner-occupied properties. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our commercial and industrial loans were secured. Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate Loans Non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans CRE consist of loans to finance the purchase of commercial real estate and development loans. Our non-owner occupied CRE loans include commercial properties such as office buildings, warehouse/distribution buildings, multi-family, hospitality and retail buildings. These loans are typically secured by a first lien mortgage or deed of trust, as well as assignments of all related leases. Underwriting guidelines generally require borrowers to contribute cash equity that results in the lessor of a 75 or less loan to cost or loan to value ratio. We seek to reduce the risks associated with commercial mortgage lending by focusing our lending in our primary markets. Although non-owner occupied CRE is not a primary focus of our lending strategy, we have developed teams of dedicated 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 CRE bankers in each of our markets who possess the depth and breadth of both market knowledge and industry expertise, which serves to further mitigate risk of this product type. Small Business Administration Loans We offer a range of U.S. Small Business Administration, or SBA loans, to support manufacturers, distributors and service providers targeted to small businesses and entrepreneurs seeking growth capital, working capital, or other capital investments. As a Preferred Lender Provider of the SBA, we are able to expedite SBA loan approval, closing, and servicing functions through delegated authority to underwrite and approve loans on behalf of the SBA. We utilize the SBA 7(a) loan, SBA 504 loan, SBA Express loan, and CAP Line loan programs. In addition to the SBA program, we also originate U.S. Department of Agriculture and Farm Service Agency loans. Commercial Deposit and Treasury Management Products (including business online and mobile banking) Our commercial bankers are focused on providing value-added deposit products to our clients that optimize their cash management program. We are focused on full-relationship banking, including banking core operating accounts and ancillary accounts. We also provide our commercial clients with money market accounts and short-term repurchase reserve accounts depending on their individual needs. In addition, we provide a wide array of treasury management solutions to our clients, including: business online and mobile banking, commercial credit card services, wire transfers, automated clearing house services, electronic bill payment, lock box services, remote deposit capture services, merchant processing services, cash vault, controlled disbursements, fraud prevention services through positive pay and other auxiliary services, such as account reconciliation, collections, repurchase accounts, zero balance accounts and sweep accounts. Business Loans Business loans consist of term loans, line of credit, and real estate secured loans. The terms of these loans vary by purpose and by type of underlying collateral, if any. Business loans generally require LTV ratios of not more than 75 percent. Business loans also assist in the growth of our deposits because many business loan borrowers establish noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing demand deposit accounts and treasury management relationships with us. Those deposit accounts help us to reduce our overall cost of funds, and those treasury management relationships provide us with a source of non-interest income. Residential and Personal Banking Our personal bankers focus on knowing their clients in order to best meet their financial needs, offering a full complement of loan, deposit and online and mobile banking solutions. We strive to do business in the areas served by our banking centers, which is also where our marketing is focused, and the vast majority of our new loan and deposit clients are located in existing market areas. All of our newly originated consumer loans are on a direct to consumer basis. We offer a variety of consumer loans, including: Residential Real Estate Loans Residential real estate loans consist of loans secured by the primary or secondary residence of the borrower as well as properties the borrower holds for investment. These loans consist of closed loans, which are typically amortizing over a 10 to 30-year term. Our LTV benchmark for these loans will generally be below 80 at inception unless related to certain internal or government programs where higher LTV s may be warranted, along with satisfactory debt-to-income ratios. These residential real estate loans are generally originated under terms and conditions consistent with secondary market guidelines. Some of these loans will be placed in the Bank s loan portfolio; however, a majority are sold in the secondary market and provide a significant source of fee income. The majority of loans sold are sold with servicing released. We have residential banking products, servicing capabilities and residential loan origination channels. In addition to the referral business through our existing consumer client base, we have a dedicated team of mortgage bankers who focus origination efforts primarily on new purchase activity and secondarily on refinance activity. We also offer open- and closed-ended home equity loans, which are loans generally secured by second lien positions on residential real estate, and residential construction loans to consumers and builders for the construction of residential real estate. We do not originate or purchase negatively amortizing or sub-prime residential loans. Consumer Loans Consumer loans are structured as small personal lines of credit and term loans, with the latter generally bearing interest at a higher rate and having a shorter term than residential mortgage loans. Consumer loans are both secured (for example by deposit accounts, brokerage accounts or automobiles) and unsecured and carry either a fixed rate or variable 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 rate. Examples of our consumer loans include home improvement loans not secured by real estate, new and used automobile loans and personal lines of credit. Deposit Products (including online and mobile banking) We offer a variety of deposit products to our clients, including checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, health savings accounts and other deposit accounts, including fixed-rate, fixed maturity time deposits ranging in terms from 30 days to five years, and individual retirement accounts. We view deposits as an important part of the overall client relationship and believe they provide opportunities to cross-sell other products and services. We intend to continue our efforts to attract lower-cost transaction deposits from our client relationships. Consumer deposit flows are significantly influenced by general and local economic conditions, changes in prevailing interest rates, internal pricing decisions and competition. Our deposits are primarily obtained from areas surrounding our banking centers. In order to attract and retain deposits, we rely on providing competitively priced high-quality service and introducing new products and services that meet our clients needs. We also offer comprehensive, user-friendly mobile and online banking platforms allowing our clients to pay bills, check statements, deposit checks and transfer funds, amongst other features, online or on-the-go. Trust and Wealth Management Services With the acquisition of Bank of Jackson Hole Trust, the Company expanded the offerings available to clients with the addition of trust, estate and wealth management services. Our trust and wealth team rounds out the full-service offerings to provide the full spectrum of tools and support required for all our clients financial needs. Lending Activities Our loan portfolio includes commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, residential real estate loans, business loans and consumer loans. The principal risk evaluated with each category of loans we make is the creditworthiness of the borrower. Borrower creditworthiness is affected by general economic conditions and the attributes of the borrower s market or industry segment. Attributes of the relevant business market or industry segment include the economic and competitive environment, changes to supply or demand, threat of substitutes and barriers to entry and exit. In our credit underwriting process, we carefully evaluate the borrower s industry, operating performance, liquidity and financial condition. We underwrite credits based on multiple repayment sources, including operating cash flow, liquidation of collateral and guarantor support, where appropriate. We closely monitor the operating performance, liquidity and financial condition of borrowers through analysis of periodic financial statements and meetings with the borrower s management. As part of our credit underwriting process, we also review the borrower s total debt obligations on a global basis. Our credit policy requires that key risks be identified and measured, documented and mitigated, to the extent possible, to seek to ensure the soundness of our loan portfolio. Our credit policy also provides detailed procedures for making loans to individual and business clients along with the regulatory requirements to ensure that all loan applications are evaluated subject to our fair lending policy. Our credit policy addresses the common credit standards for making loans to clients, the credit analysis and financial statement requirements, the collateral requirements, including insurance coverage where appropriate, as well as the documentation required. Our ability to analyze a borrower s current financial health and credit history, as well as the value of collateral as a secondary source of repayment, when applicable, are significant factors in determining the creditworthiness of loans to clients. We require various levels of internal approvals based on the characteristics of such loans, including the size, nature of the exposure and type of collateral, if any. We believe that the procedures required by our credit policies enhance internal responsibility and accountability for underwriting decisions and permit us to monitor the performance of credit decision-making. An integral element of our credit risk management strategy is the establishment and adherence to concentration limits for our portfolio. We have established concentration limits that apply to our portfolio based on product types such as commercial real estate, consumer lending, and various categories of commercial and industrial lending. For more detail on our credit policies, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Financial Condition-Asset Quality. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Competition The banking landscape in our primary markets of Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Texas, Wyoming, New Mexico and Idaho is highly competitive and quite fragmented, with many small banks having limited market share while the large out-of-state national and super-regional banks control the majority of deposits and profitable banking relationships. We compete actively with national, regional and local financial services providers, including: banks, thrifts, credit unions, mortgage companies, finance companies and financial technology fintech companies. Competition among providers of financial products and services continues to increase, with consumers having the opportunity to select from a variety of traditional brick and mortar banks and nontraditional alternatives, such as online banks and fintech companies. Competition among providers is based on many factors. The primary factors driving commercial and consumer competition for loans and deposits are interest rates, the fees charged, client service levels and the range of products and services offered. In addition, other competitive factors include the location and hours of our banking centers, the client service orientation of our associates and the availability of digital banking products and services. We believe the most important of these competitive factors that determine our success are our consumer bankers focus on knowing their individual clients in order to best meet their financial needs and our business and commercial bankers focus on small- and medium-sized businesses with an advisory approach that emphasizes understanding the client s business and offering a complete array of loan, deposit and treasury management products and services through our banking centers and our digital banking platform. We recognize that there are banks and other financial services companies with which we compete that have greater financial resources, access to more capital and higher lending capacity and offer a wider range of deposit and lending instruments. However, given our existing capital base, we expect to be able to meet the majority of small- to medium-sized business and consumer credit and depository service needs. Human Capital Our core values Integrity, Meritocracy, Teamwork and Citizenship, represent our belief that our Company s long-term success is deeply tied to having a dedicated and engaged workforce and a commitment to the communities we serve. We are committed to building and contributing to a healthy workplace environment for our associates by investing in competitive compensation and benefit packages, promoting inclusion of diverse viewpoints and backgrounds, providing training and career development opportunities and promoting qualified associates within our organization. Associate Statistics We are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining associates who reflect the communities in which we serve. Partnerships with professional associations, schools and universities imbedded within our local footprint, and the use of various technology solutions assist us in connecting and building relationships with a diverse pool of candidates. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 1,255 full-time and 67 part-time associates throughout our business footprint. The market for top talent is highly competitive. We recognize that workforce turnover is not only financially costly, but it does not align with our commitment to our team. We believe we are best served when we can invest through meritocracy within our current talent pool. The average tenure of service of our associates is approximately six years. Equity, Diversity and Inclusion We strongly believe that equity, diversity and inclusion are important elements in building and sustaining a successful organization and positive, results-driven culture. Additionally, equity, diversity and inclusion helps us to connect and build better relationships within our Company and communities. As a result of our efforts: 64 of the Company s workforce is female and 54 of the Company s managerial roles are female, as of December 31, 2022. Minorities represent 23 of the Company s workforce and 21 of the Company s managerial roles, as of December 31, 2022. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In 2022, we hired 426 associates, and 66 of those new associates were female and 34 were minorities. 
 The Company oversees its Equity, Diversity and Inclusion efforts through our broader Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Committee that is comprised of a multi-disciplinary group of associates throughout NBH Bank with oversight by the executive management team. To further our diversity goals for our workforce, the Company has also implemented programs developed to foster equality and leadership opportunities for the entire associate base, including associate peer networks, events with keynote speakers, panels and Q A forums to enable associate feedback. Our management team also plays an integral part in championing women in business by hosting networking events, serving on panels and sponsoring relevant events that foster understanding and engagement. Associate Development and Training We believe that building the best team requires investing in our associates professional development. Associates have access to our learning center, NBH University, which offers a variety of courses that center around professional development. Additionally, we have connection mentors in place to assist new associates with expanding their network, building professional skills, helping navigate the organization and assist in onboarding. Compensation and Benefits Our Company offers comprehensive benefits packages to our associates, including medical and prescription drug insurance, dental insurance and vision insurance as well as several voluntary benefit options. Our compensation structure recognizes the individual performance of our associates through merit-based salary increases with a focus on variable pay and paying for performance. We also encourage our associates to think about their long-term financial stability. Our associates have the opportunity to participate in our 401(k) plan, which includes contribution matches from the Company. Additionally, we offer a stock purchase plan (ESPP) to our associates which allows those who work 20 hours or more per week to purchase shares in our Company at a 10 discount. Community Engagement We strive to make a positive impact in the communities we serve through consistent engagement, as well as maintaining strong partnerships with a wide range of charitable organizations and causes. All bank associates are granted up to eight paid hours each year to donate their time to non-profit organizations that align with our Community Reinvestment Act CRA initiatives, which include financial literacy, affordable housing and workforce development. Safety and Respect in the Workplace We are committed to providing a safe and secure work environment in accordance with applicable labor, safety, health, anti-discrimination and other workplace laws. We strive for all of our associates to feel safe and empowered at work. To that end, we maintain a whistleblower hotline that allows associates and others to anonymously voice concerns. We prohibit retaliation against an individual who reported a concern or assisted with an inquiry or investigation. SUPERVISION AND REGULATION The U.S. banking industry is highly regulated under federal and state law. Banking laws, regulations, and policies affect the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries. Investors should understand that the primary objective of the U.S. bank regulatory regime is the protection of depositors, the Depositors Insurance Fund DIF ), and the banking system as a whole, not the protection of the Company s shareholders. As a bank holding company, we are subject to inspection, examination, supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). National Bank Holdings Corporation holds two subsidiaries, NBH Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole Trust. NBH Bank, is a Colorado state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. As such, NBH Bank is subject to examination, supervision and regulation by both the Colorado 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Division of Banking and the Federal Reserve. Our other bank subsidiary, BOJHT, is a Wyoming state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. As such, BOJHT is subject to examination, supervision and regulation by both the Wyoming Division of Banking and the Federal Reserve. In addition, we expect that any additional businesses that we may invest in or acquire will be regulated by various state and/or federal banking regulators. Banking statutes and regulations are subject to continual review and revision by Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in such statutes or regulations, including changes in how they are interpreted or implemented, could have a material effect on our business. In addition to laws and regulations, state and federal bank regulatory agencies may issue policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance pursuant to such laws and regulations, which are binding on us and our subsidiaries. Banking statutes, regulations and policies could restrict our ability to diversify into other areas of financial services, acquire depository institutions and make distributions or pay dividends on our equity securities. They may also require us to provide financial support to any bank that we control, maintain capital balances in excess of those desired by management and pay higher deposit insurance premiums as a result of a general deterioration in the financial condition of NBH Bank, BOJHT or other depository institutions we control. The description below summarizes certain elements of the applicable bank regulatory framework. This description is not intended to describe all laws and regulations applicable to us and our subsidiaries. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations, policies, interpretive letters and other written guidance that are described. National Bank Holdings Corporation as a Bank Holding Company As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act BHCA and to supervision, examination, and enforcement by the Federal Reserve. Federal Reserve jurisdiction also extends to any company that we may directly or indirectly control, such as non-bank subsidiaries and other companies in which we have a controlling interest. While subjecting us to supervision and regulation, we believe that our status as a bank holding company (as opposed to being a non-controlling investor) broadens the investment opportunities available to us among public and private financial institutions. The BHCA generally prohibits a bank holding company from engaging, directly or indirectly, in activities other than banking or managing or controlling banks, except for activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In 2021, the Company elected to be treated as a financial holding company pursuant to Section 4(l) of the BHCA. As a financial holding company, the Company is authorized to engage in a broader set of financial activities than a bank holding company that has not elected to be a treated as a financial holding company, including insurance underwriting and broker-dealer services as well as activities that are jointly determined by the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. Financial holding companies may also engage in activities that are determined by the Federal Reserve to be complementary to financial activities. Maintaining our financial holding company status requires that the Company and our bank subsidiaries, remain well-capitalized and well-managed as defined by regulation and that our bank subsidiaries maintain at least a satisfactory rating under the CRA. If we or our bank subsidiaries fail to continue to meet these requirements, we could be subject to restrictions on new activities and acquisitions, and/or be required to cease and possibly divest operations that conduct activities that are not permissible for a bank holding company that does not also qualify as a financial holding company. Subsidiaries as State-Chartered Banks NBH Bank as a Colorado State-Chartered Bank Our bank subsidiary, NBH Bank, is a Colorado state-chartered bank and also a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. As such, NBH Bank is subject to examination, supervision and regulation by both the Colorado Division of Banking and the Federal Reserve. NBH Bank s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 through the DIF, in the manner and to the extent provided by law. As an insured bank, NBH Bank is subject to the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (the FDI Act ), and the FDIC s implementing regulations thereunder, and may also be subject to supervision and examination by the FDIC under certain circumstances. Under the FDIC Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), NBH Bank must submit financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP and management reports signed by the Company s and NBH Bank s chief executive officer and chief accounting or financial officer concerning management s responsibility for the financial statements, an assessment of internal controls, and an assessment of NBH Bank s compliance with various banking laws and FDIC and other banking regulations. In addition, we must submit annual audit reports to federal regulators prepared by independent auditors. As allowed by regulations, we may use our audit report prepared for the Company to satisfy this requirement. We must provide our auditors with examination reports, supervisory agreements and reports of enforcement actions. The auditors must also attest to and report on the statements of management relating to the internal controls. FDICIA also requires that NBH Bank form an independent audit committee consisting of outside directors only, or that the Company s audit committee be entirely independent. Bank of Jackson Hole Trust as a Wyoming State-Chartered Bank Our bank subsidiary, Bank of Jackson Hole Trust, is a Wyoming state-chartered bank and also a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. As such, BOJHT is subject to examination, supervision and regulation by both the Wyoming Division of Banking and the Federal Reserve. BOJHT s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC through the DIF, in the manner and to the extent provided by law. As an insured bank, BOJHT is subject to the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (the FDI Act ), and the FDIC s implementing regulations thereunder, and may also be subject to supervision and examination by the FDIC under certain circumstances. BOJHT is subject to the FDICIA requirements discussed above, however, during the year of acquisition the Company has elected to exclude them from the assessment. As of January 1, 2023, BOJHT is included in the FDICIA assessment. Broad Supervision, Examination and Enforcement Powers The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and state bank regulators have broad regulatory, examination and enforcement authority over bank holding companies and banks, as applicable. Bank regulators regularly examine the operations of banks and bank holding companies. In addition, banks and bank holding companies are subject to periodic reporting and filing requirements. Bank regulators have various remedies available if they determine that a banking organization has violated any law or regulation, that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of a banking organization s operations are unsatisfactory, or that the banking organization is operating in an unsafe or unsound manner. The bank regulators have the power to, among other things: enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice, issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced, direct increases in capital, direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets, limit dividends and distributions, restrict growth, assess civil monetary penalties, remove officers and directors, terminate deposit insurance, and appoint a conservator or receiver. Engaging in unsafe or unsound practices or failing to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory agreements could subject the Company, its subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors and institution-affiliated parties to the remedies described above and other sanctions. In addition, the FDIC could terminate NBH Bank s or Bank of Jackson Hole Trust s deposit insurance if it determined that the Banks financial condition was unsafe or unsound or that the banks engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or violated an applicable rule, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed by the banks regulators. Regulatory Capital Requirements In General As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulatory capital adequacy requirements implemented by the Federal Reserve. The federal banking agencies have risk-based capital adequacy guidelines intended to provide a measure of capital adequacy that reflects the degree of risk associated with a banking organization s operations. NBH Bank is, and other depository 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 institution subsidiaries that we may acquire or control in the future will be, subject to capital adequacy guidelines as implemented by the relevant federal banking agency. In the case of the Company and NBH Bank, applicable capital guidelines can be found in the Federal Reserve s Regulations H and Q. The capital rules require banks and bank holding companies to maintain a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , a total tier 1 capital ratio of 6 , a total capital ratio of 8 , and a leverage ratio of 4 . Additionally, banks and bank holding companies are required to hold a capital conservation buffer of common equity tier 1 capital of 2.5 to avoid limitations on capital distributions and executive compensation payments. Further, the federal bank regulatory agencies may set higher capital requirements for an individual bank or when a bank s particular circumstances warrant. At this time, the bank regulatory agencies are more inclined to impose higher capital requirements in order to be considered well-capitalized, and future regulatory change could impose higher capital standards as a routine matter. The Federal Reserve may also set higher capital requirements for holding companies whose circumstances warrant it. For example, holding companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions are expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA ), was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. The EGRRCPA directed the federal banking agencies to develop a Community Bank Leverage Ratio , calculated by dividing tangible equity capital by average consolidated total assets. In October 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a Community Bank Leverage Ratio of 9 . If a qualified community bank , generally a depository institution or depository institution holding company with consolidated assets of less than 10 billion, has a leverage ratio which exceeds the Community Bank Leverage Ratio, then the institution is considered to have met all generally applicable leverage and risk based capital requirements, the capital ratio requirements for well capitalized status under the prompt corrective action rules and any other leverage or capital requirements to which it is subject. At this time the Company, NBH Bank and BOJHT have not elected to apply this regime. Prompt Corrective Action The FDI Act requires federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect to FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. A depository institution s treatment for purposes of the prompt corrective action provisions will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. Federal banking regulators are required to take various mandatory supervisory actions and are authorized to take other discretionary actions with respect to institutions in the three undercapitalized categories. The severity of the action depends upon the capital category in which the institution is placed. Generally, subject to a narrow exception, the banking regulator must appoint a receiver or conservator for an institution that is critically undercapitalized. Our regulatory capital ratios and those of NBH Bank are in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions. Bank Holding Companies as a Source of Strength The Federal Reserve requires that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to each bank that it controls and, under appropriate circumstances, commit resources to support each such controlled bank. This support may be required at times when the bank holding company may not have the resources to provide the support. Because we are a bank holding company, the Federal Reserve views the Company (and its consolidated assets) as a source of financial and managerial strength for any controlled depository institutions. Under the prompt corrective action provisions, if a controlled bank is undercapitalized, then the regulators could require its bank holding company to guarantee a capital restoration plan. In addition, if the Federal Reserve believes that a bank holding company s activities, assets or affiliates represent a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of a controlled bank, then the Federal Reserve could require the bank holding company to terminate the activities, liquidate the 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 assets or divest the affiliates. The regulators may require these and other actions in support of controlled banks even if such action is not in the best interests of the bank holding company or its shareholders. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the requirement that holding companies, like the Company, serve as a source of financial strength for their subsidiary depository institutions, by providing financial assistance to its insured depository institution subsidiaries in the event of financial distress. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Company could be required to provide financial assistance to the Banks should it experience financial distress. In addition, capital loans by us to the Banks will be subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other indebtedness of the Banks. In the event of our bankruptcy, any commitment by us to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of the Banks will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. Dividend Restrictions The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. Because the Company s consolidated net income consists largely of the net income of NBH Bank and BOJHT, the Company s ability to pay dividends depends upon its receipt of dividends from its subsidiaries. The ability of a bank to pay dividends and make other distributions is limited by federal and state law. The specific limits depend on a number of factors, including the banks type of charter, recent earnings, recent dividends, level of capital and regulatory status. As a member of the Federal Reserve System and state-chartered banks, NBH Bank and BOJHT are subject to Regulation H and limitations under state law with respect to the payment of dividends. Non-bank subsidiaries are also limited by certain federal and state statutory provisions and regulations covering the amount of dividends that may be paid in any given year. State member banks, such as NBH Bank and BOJHT, may not declare or pay a cash dividend if the total of all dividends declared during the calendar year, including the proposed dividend, exceeds the Banks net income during the current calendar year and the retained net income of the prior two calendar years, unless approved by the Federal Reserve. The ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends and make other distributions can also be limited. The Federal Reserve has authority to prohibit a bank holding company from paying dividends or making other distributions. A bank holding company should not pay cash dividends that exceed its net income or that can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, the Company is subject to certain limitations and restrictions under Delaware corporate law with respect to the payment of dividends and other distributions. Depositor Preference The FDI Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If our insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, nondeposit creditors, including us, with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. Limits on Transactions with Affiliates Federal law restricts the amount and the terms of both credit and non-credit transactions (generally referred to as Covered Transactions between a bank and its non-bank affiliates. Covered Transactions with any single affiliate may not exceed 10 of the capital stock and surplus of the banks, and Covered Transactions with all affiliates may not exceed, in the aggregate, 20 of the banks capital and surplus. For a bank, capital stock and surplus refers to the bank s tier 1 and tier 2 capital, as calculated under the risk-based capital guidelines, plus the balance of the allowance for credit losses ACL excluded from tier 2 capital. The banks transactions with all of its affiliates in the aggregate are limited to 20 of the foregoing capital. In addition, in connection with Covered Transactions that are extensions of credit, the banks may be required to hold collateral to provide added security to the banks, and the types of permissible collateral may be limited. The Dodd-Frank Act generally enhances the restrictions on transactions with affiliates, including an expansion of what types of transactions are Covered Transactions to include credit exposures related to derivatives, repurchase agreements and securities 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 lending arrangements and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding Covered Transactions must be satisfied. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any outstanding Covered Transactions. Regulatory Notice and Approval Requirements for Acquisitions of Control We must generally receive federal bank regulatory approval before we can acquire a financial institution. Specifically, as a bank holding company, we must obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve in connection with any acquisition that would result in the Company owning or controlling 5 or more of any class of voting securities of a bank or another bank holding company, including a financial holding company. Our ability to make investments in depository institutions will depend on our ability to obtain approval for such investments from the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve could deny our application based on the statutory factors outlined in the BHCA, including the financial and managerial resources of the parties and the future prospects of the combined organization, the effects of the transaction on competition, the convenience and needs of the community, including the record of performance of the parties under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, the effectiveness of the Company in combating money-laundering activities and the impact of the transaction on the financial stability of the U.S. banking or financial system, or other considerations. For example, we could be required to sell banking centers as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which condition may not be acceptable to us, or, if acceptable to us, may reduce the benefit of any acquisition. In addition, federal and state laws, including the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, impose additional prior notice or approval requirements and ongoing regulatory requirements on any investor that seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or bank holding company. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, such as the Company, would, under the circumstances set forth in the presumption, constitute acquisition of control of the Company for purposes of the Change in Bank Control Act. The BHCA prohibits any entity from acquiring 25 (as noted above, the BHC Act has a lower limit for acquirers that are existing bank holding companies) or more of a bank holding company s or bank s voting securities, or otherwise obtaining control or a controlling influence over a bank holding company or bank without the approval of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has rule-based standards for determining whether one company has control over another. These rules established four categories of tiered presumptions of noncontrol that are based on the percentage of voting shares held by the investor (less than 5 , 5-9.9 , 10-14.9 and 15-24.9 and the presence of other indicia of control. As the percentage of ownership increases, fewer indicia of control are permitted without falling outside of the presumption of noncontrol. These indicia of control include nonvoting equity ownership, director representation, management interlocks, business relationship and restrictive contractual covenants. Under the final rule, investors can hold up to 24.9 of the voting securities and up to 33 of the total equity of a company without necessarily having a controlling influence. Anti-Money Laundering Requirements Under federal law, including the Bank Secrecy Act and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act ), certain types of financial institutions, including insured depository institutions, must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include established internal policies, procedures and controls; a designated compliance officer; an ongoing associate training program; and testing of the program by an independent audit function. Financial institutions are prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards for due diligence, client identification, and recordkeeping, including in their dealings with non-U.S. financial institutions and non-U.S. clients. Financial institutions must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to report any suspicious information maintained by financial institutions. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations, and they must consider an institution s anti-money laundering compliance when considering regulatory applications filed by the institution, including applications for banking mergers and acquisitions. The regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Consumer Laws and Regulations Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in their transactions with banks. These laws include, among others, laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices and usury laws, as well as the following consumer protection statutes: Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act, Electronic Funds Transfer Act, Flood Disaster Protection Act, Expedited Funds Availability Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, Fair Housing Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Act, Gramm-Leach Bliley Financial Modernization Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Right to Financial Privacy Act and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those listed above. These state and local laws regulate the manner in which financial institutions deal with clients when taking deposits, making loans or conducting other types of transactions. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks. The CFPB is authorized to issue rules for both bank and nonbank companies that offer consumer financial products and services, subject to consultation with the prudential banking regulators. In general, however, banks with assets of 10 billion or less, will continue to be examined for consumer compliance by their primary bank regulator. At this time, NBH Bank is not subject to supervision by the CFPB but it will be if our assets grow above 10 billion. Much of the CFPB s rulemaking has focused on mortgage lending and servicing, including an important rule requiring lenders to ensure that prospective buyers have the ability to repay their mortgages. Other areas of current CFPB focus include consumer protections for prepaid cards, payday lending, debt collection, overdraft services and privacy notices. The CFPB has been particularly active in issuing rules and guidelines concerning residential mortgage lending and servicing, issuing numerous rules and guidance related to residential mortgages. Perhaps the most significant of these guidelines are the Ability-to-Repay and Qualified Mortgage Standards under the Truth in Lending Act portions of Regulation Z and the Know Before You Owe guidelines. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, creditors must make a reasonable and good faith determination, based on verified and documented information, that the consumer has a reasonable ability to repay a residential mortgage according to its terms as well as clearly and concisely disclose the terms and costs associated with these loans. The CFPB has actively issued enforcement actions against both large and small entities and to entities across the entire financial services industry. The CFPB has relied upon unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts prohibitions as its primary enforcement tool. However, the CFPB and DOJ continue to be focused on fair lending in taking enforcement actions against banks with renewed emphasis on alleged redlining practices. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, client rescission rights, actions by state and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability. The Community Reinvestment Act The CRA is intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their entire communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound operations. The regulators examine banks and assign each bank a public CRA rating. The CRA then requires bank regulators to take into account the banks record in meeting the needs of its community when considering certain applications by a bank, including applications to establish a banking center or to conduct certain mergers or acquisitions. Failure to adequately meet these criteria could impose additional requirements and limitations on us. Additionally, we must publicly disclose the terms of various CRA-related agreements. The Federal Reserve is required to consider the CRA records of a bank holding company s controlled banks when considering an application by the bank holding company to acquire a bank or to merge with another bank holding company. When we apply for regulatory approval to make certain investments, the regulators will consider the CRA record of the target institution and our depository institution subsidiaries. An unsatisfactory CRA record could substantially delay approval or result in denial of an application. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Reserve Requirements Pursuant to regulations of the Federal Reserve, all banks are required to maintain average daily reserves at mandated ratios against their transaction accounts. In addition, reserves must be maintained on certain non-personal time deposits. These reserves must be maintained in the form of vault cash or in an account at a FRB. Deposit Insurance Assessments All of a depositor s accounts at an insured bank, including all non-interest bearing transaction accounts, are insured by the FDIC up to 250,000. FDIC-insured banks are required to pay deposit insurance premiums to the FDIC. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured depository institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to the regulators. Assessments are based on an institution s average total consolidated assets less average tangible equity (subject to risk-based adjustments that would further reduce the assessment base for custodial banks). NBH Bank may be able to pass part or all of this cost on to its clients, including in the form of lower interest rates on deposits, or fees to some depositors, depending on market conditions. The FDIC may terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or has violated any applicable rule, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed by the institution s regulatory agency. If deposit insurance for a banking business we invest in or acquire were to be terminated, that would have a material adverse effect on that banking business and potentially on the Company as a whole. Changes in Laws, Regulations or Policies Congress and state legislatures may introduce from time to time measures or take actions that would modify the regulation of banks or bank holding companies. In addition, federal and state regulatory agencies also periodically propose and adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. Such changes could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks and other financial institutions, all of which could affect our investment opportunities and our assessment of how attractive such opportunities may be. We cannot predict whether potential legislation will be enacted and, if enacted, the effect that it or any implementing regulations would have on our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. On October 17, 2022, the FDIC issued a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates for insured depository institutions by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The assessment rate schedules under this final rule will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund meets or exceeds two percent. Although the FDIC insurance expense will increase as a result of this ruling, the Company does not expect the increase to have a material impact on its financial statements. More Information Our website is www.nationalbankholdings.com. We make available free of charge, through our website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Relating to Our Banking Operations Changes in general business and economic conditions could materially and adversely affect us. Our business and operations are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States and in our core markets of Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico, and Idaho. If the economies in our core markets, or the U.S. economy more generally, experience worsening economic conditions, including industry-specific conditions, we could be materially and adversely affected. Weak economic conditions may be characterized by inflation, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, including a lack of liquidity and/or depressed prices in the secondary market for mortgage loans, increased delinquencies on loans, residential and commercial real estate price declines, lower home sales and commercial activity, further or prolonged pressure on energy prices, high unemployment, and the economic effects of natural disasters, severe weather conditions, health emergencies or pandemics (such as COVID-19), cyberattacks, outbreaks of hostilities, terrorism or other geopolitical instabilities. All of these factors would be detrimental to our business. Our business is significantly affected by monetary and related policies of the U.S. federal government, its agencies and government-sponsored entities. Changes in any of these policies are influenced by macroeconomic conditions and other factors that are beyond our control and could have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in the assumptions underlying our acquisition method of accounting, or other significant accounting estimates could affect our financial information and have a material adverse effect on us. A material portion of our financial results is based on, and subject to, significant assumptions and subjective judgments. As a result of our acquisitions, our financial information is influenced by the application of the acquisition method of accounting, which requires us to make complex assumptions, and these assumptions materially affect our financial results. As such, any financial information generated through the use of the acquisition method of accounting is subject to modification or change. If our assumptions are incorrect and we change or modify our assumptions, it could have a material adverse effect on us or our previously reported results. Additionally, a change in our accounting estimates, such as our ability to realize deferred tax assets, the need for a valuation allowance or the recoverability of the goodwill recorded at the time of our acquisitions, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Our business is highly susceptible to credit risk and fluctuations in the value of real estate and other collateral securing such credit. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our clients will be unable to repay their loans according to their terms and that the collateral securing the payment of their loans (if any) may not be sufficient to assure repayment. The risks inherent in making any loan include risks with respect to the ability of borrowers to repay their loans and, if applicable, the period of time over which the loan is repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting and guidelines, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers and risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral. Similarly, we have credit risk embedded in our securities portfolio. Our credit standards, procedures and policies may not prevent us from incurring substantial credit losses. A decline in residential real estate market prices and reduced levels of home sales, could adversely affect the value of collateral securing mortgage loans resulting in greater charge-offs in future periods, as well as adversely impact mortgage loan originations and gains on sale of mortgage loans. A decline in commercial real estate values would likewise adversely affect the value of collateral securing certain commercial loans and result in greater charge-offs in future periods. Declines in real estate values and home sales volumes, and financial stress on borrowers as a result of job losses or other factors, could have further adverse effects on borrowers that result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which could materially and adversely affect us. We depend on our executive officers and key personnel to implement our strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services. The execution of our strategy depends in large part on the skills of our executive management team and our ability to motivate and retain these and other key personnel, including key personnel added through mergers and acquisitions. Accordingly, the loss of service of one or more of our executive officers or key personnel could reduce our ability to 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 successfully implement our growth strategy and materially and adversely affect us. Our success also depends on the experience of our banking center managers and relationship managers and on their relationships with the clients and communities they serve. The loss of these key personnel could negatively impact our banking operations. Surges in illnesses, including but not limited to COVID-19 cases, may increase the risk of maintaining adequate staffing in our banking centers and other key areas. Our allowance for credit losses and fair value adjustments may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses inherent in our loan or other real estate owned OREO portfolio. On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , the new accounting standard promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), regarding the recognition of credit losses. This standard made significant changes to the accounting and disclosures for credit losses on financial instruments recorded on an amortized cost basis, including our loans held for investment. The current expected credit loss CECL impairment model requires an estimate of expected credit losses for financial assets measured over the contractual life of an instrument based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The standard provides significant flexibility and requires a high degree of judgment in order to develop an estimate of expected lifetime losses. Providing for lifetime losses for our loan portfolio is a change to the previous method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable and incurred. It may also result in even small changes to future forecasts having a significant impact on the allowance, which could make the allowance more volatile, and regulators may impose additional capital buffers to absorb this volatility. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding our loans, identification of additional problem loans by us and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for credit losses. If the real estate markets deteriorate, we expect that we will experience increased delinquencies and credit losses, particularly with respect to construction, land development and land loans. In addition, our regulators periodically review our allowance for credit losses and may require an increase in the allowance for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for credit losses, we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for credit losses. Any increases in the allowance for credit losses will result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a material adverse effect on us. We hold an amount of OREO from time to time, which may lead to volatility in operating expenses and vulnerability to declines in real property values. When necessary, we foreclose on and take title to the real estate serving as collateral for our loans as part of our business. Real estate that we own but do not use in the ordinary course of our operations is referred to as OREO property. While our OREO portfolio is smaller than it has been in recent years, future acquisitions could result in a higher OREO balance, which could negatively affect our earning as a result of various expenses associated with OREO, including personnel costs, insurance and taxes, completion and repair costs, valuation adjustments and other expenses associated with property ownership, as well as by the funding costs associated with OREO assets. We evaluate OREO properties periodically and write down the carrying value of the properties if the results of our evaluation require it. Environmental issues, including external events such as severe weather, natural disasters, and climate change, as well as environmental liability risks associated with our lending activities, could significantly impact our business. Severe weather, natural disasters, climate change and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. Although management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures, there can be no guarantee of the effectiveness of such policies and procedures, and the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 concerns over the long term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts to mitigate those impacts. We and our clients may face cost increases, asset value reductions, and operating process changes as a result. A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property, and we could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to one or more of these properties. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing defaulted loans. There is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties, and we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, civil fines and criminal penalties regardless of when the hazardous conditions or toxic substances first affected any particular property. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on nonresidential real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on us. The expanding body of federal, state and local regulation of loan servicing, collections or other aspects of our business may increase the cost of compliance and the risks of noncompliance. We service the loans held on our balance sheet, and loan servicing is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities as well as to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing requirements and restrictions on those activities. The volume of new or modified laws and regulations has increased in recent years and, in addition, some individual municipalities have begun to enact laws that restrict loan servicing activities including delaying or temporarily preventing foreclosures or forcing the modification of certain mortgages. If regulators impose new or more restrictive requirements, we may incur significant additional costs to comply with such requirements which may further adversely affect us. The CARES Act and related legislation imposed additional restrictions with respect to foreclosures and the handling of delinquent payments. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could possibly lead to: civil and criminal liability; damage to our reputation in the industry; fines and penalties and litigation, including class action lawsuits; and administrative enforcement actions. Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect us. There is also uncertainty regarding what legislative or regulatory changes may occur as a result of changes in leadership resulting from elections, or, if changes occur, the ultimate effect they would have upon our financial condition or results of operations. Small Business Administration lending is an important and growing part of our business. Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government, and we face specific risks associated with originating SBA loans. As an approved participant in the SBA Preferred Lender s Program (an SBA Preferred Lender ), we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process necessary for lenders that are not SBA Preferred Lenders. The SBA periodically reviews the lending operations of participating lenders to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request corrective actions or impose enforcement actions, including revocation of the lender s SBA Preferred Lender status. If we were to lose our status as an SBA Preferred Lender, we may lose new opportunities, and a limited number of existing SBA loans, to lenders who are SBA Preferred Lenders. In addition, any changes to the SBA program, including changes to the level of guarantee provided by the federal government on SBA loans, changes to program-specific rules impacting volume eligibility under the guaranty program, as well as changes to the program amounts authorized by Congress, may have a material adverse effect on our SBA lending program. In addition, any default by the U.S. government on its obligations or any prolonged government shutdown could, among other things, impede our ability to originate SBA loans or collect on guarantees in the event a borrower defaults on its obligations, and could materially adversely affect our SBA lending business. If we violate U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD lending requirements or if the federal government shuts down or otherwise fails to fully fund the federal budget, our commercial FHA origination business could be adversely affected. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 We originate, sell and service loans under FHA insurance programs, and make certifications regarding compliance with applicable requirements and guidelines. If we were to violate these requirements and guidelines, or other applicable laws, or if the FHA loans we originate show a high frequency of loan defaults, we could be subject to monetary penalties and indemnification claims, and could be declared ineligible for FHA programs. Any inability to engage in our commercial FHA origination and servicing business would lead to a decrease in our net income. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time in recent years. Federal governmental entities, such as HUD, that rely on funding from the federal budget, could be adversely affected in the event of a government shutdown, which could have a material adverse effect on our commercial FHA origination business and our results of operations. The fair value of our investment securities can fluctuate due to market conditions outside of our control. We have historically taken a conservative investment strategy with our securities portfolio, with concentrations of securities that are primarily backed by government sponsored enterprises GSE ). A portion of our non-marketable securities portfolio is comprised of non-liquid fund investments and direct investments in our fintech partners. We may seek to increase yields through different strategies, which may include a greater percentage of corporate securities and structured credit products. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect of the securities, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, and changes in market interest rates and instability in the capital markets or an inability of our partners to successfully execute on their strategies. These factors, among others, could cause other-than-temporary impairments and realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods and declines in other comprehensive income, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The process for determining whether impairment of a security is other-than-temporary usually requires complex, subjective judgments about the future financial performance and liquidity of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. We face significant competition from other financial institutions and financial services providers, which may materially and adversely affect us. Consumer and commercial banking is highly competitive. Our markets contain a large number of community and regional banks as well as a significant presence of the country s largest commercial banks. We compete with other state and national financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, savings banks and credit unions, for deposits and loans. In addition, we compete with financial intermediaries, such as consumer finance companies, mortgage banking companies, insurance companies, securities firms, mutual funds and several government agencies, as well as major retailers, in providing various types of loans and other financial services. Some of these competitors have a long history of successful operations in our markets, greater ties to local businesses and more expansive banking relationships, as well as better established depositor bases. Some of our competitors also have greater resources and access to capital and possess an advantage by being capable of maintaining numerous banking locations in more convenient sites, operating more ATMs and conducting extensive promotional and advertising campaigns or operating a more developed online banking platform. Competitors may also exhibit a greater tolerance for risk and behave more aggressively with respect to pricing in order to increase their market share. In addition, the effects of disintermediation can also impact the banking business because of the fast growing body of fintech companies that use software to deliver mortgage lending, payment services and other financial services. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among others: 

the ability to develop, maintain and build upon long-term client relationships based on quality service, effective and efficient products and services, high ethical standards and safe and sound assets; the scope, relevance and pricing of products and services offered to meet client needs and demands; the rate at which we introduce new products and services, including internet-based or other digital services, relative to our competitors; the ability to attract and retain highly qualified associates to operate our business; the ability to expand our market position; client satisfaction with our level of service; 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 the ability to invest in new technologies, including relative to our digital banking platform; the ability to operate our business effectively and efficiently; and industry and general economic trends. 
 Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could materially and adversely affect us. We may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of deposit withdrawals and other business needs unless we maintain sufficient liquidity. We require liquidity to make loans and to repay deposit and other liabilities as they become due or are demanded by clients. We principally depend on checking, savings and money market deposit account balances and other forms of client deposits as our primary source of funding for our lending activities. As a result of a decline in overall depositor confidence, an increase in interest rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, higher returns being available to clients on alternative investments and general economic conditions, a substantial number of our clients could withdraw their bank deposits with us from time to time, resulting in our deposit levels decreasing substantially, and our cash on hand may not be able to cover such withdrawals and our other business needs, including amounts necessary to operate and grow our business. This would require us to seek third party funding or other sources of liquidity, such as asset sales. Our access to third party funding sources, including our ability to raise funds through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity or equity-related securities, incurrence of debt, or federal funds purchased, may be impacted by our financial strength, performance and prospects and may also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry, all of which may make potential funding sources more difficult to access, less reliable and more expensive. We may not have access to third party funding in sufficient amounts on favorable terms, or the ability to undertake asset sales or access other sources of liquidity, when needed, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect us. Like other financial services institutions, our asset and liability structures are monetary in nature. Such structures are affected by a variety of factors, including changes in interest rates, which can impact the value of financial instruments held by us. Like other financial services institutions, we have asset and liability structures that are essentially monetary in nature and are directly affected by many factors, including domestic and international economic and political conditions, broad trends in business and finance, legislation and regulation affecting the national and international business and financial communities, monetary and fiscal policies, inflation, currency values, market conditions, the availability and terms (including cost) of short-term or long-term funding and capital, the credit capacity or perceived creditworthiness of clients and counterparties and the level and volatility of trading markets. Such factors can impact clients and counterparties of a financial services institution and may impact the value of financial instruments held by a financial services institution. Our earnings and cash flows largely depend upon the level of our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income we earn on loans, investments and other interest earning assets, and the interest we pay on interest bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Because different types of assets and liabilities may react differently and at different times to market interest rate changes, changes in interest rates can increase or decrease our net interest income. When interest-bearing liabilities increase at a pace exceeding interest earning assets, an increase in interest rates would reduce net interest income. Also, when interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a period, an increase in interest rates would reduce net interest income. Similarly, when interest earning assets mature or reprice more quickly, and because the magnitude of repricing of interest earning assets is often greater than interest bearing liabilities, falling interest rates would reduce net interest income. Accordingly, changes in the level of market interest rates affect our net yield on interest earning assets and liabilities, loan and investment securities portfolios and our overall results. Changes in interest rates may also have a significant impact on any future loan origination revenues. Historically, there has been an inverse correlation between the demand for loans and interest rates. Loan origination volume and revenues usually decline during periods of rising or high interest rates and increase during periods of declining or low interest rates. Changes in interest rates also have a significant impact on the carrying value of a significant percentage of the assets, both loans and investment securities, on our balance sheet. We may 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 incur debt in the future and that debt may also be sensitive to interest rates and any increase in interest rates could materially and adversely affect us. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. Reforms to and uncertainty regarding LIBOR and certain other indices may adversely affect our business. The London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR is a short-term interest rate used as a pricing reference for certain loans, derivatives and other financial instruments. On June 30, 2023, LIBOR will cease to be published. Our internal working group began indexing new retail adjustable rate mortgages to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR in the third quarter of 2020 and are addressing LIBOR-based commercial loans, including adhering to the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Protocol as needed. We stopped originating LIBOR-based products in the fourth quarter of 2021 and are using substitute interest rates such as Prime and SOFR. While many of our client relationships still involve products based on LIBOR, we are working to correctly transition these products to substitute interest rates with as little impact to our clients as possible. While we believe we have prepared as much as possible for the transition from LIBOR, there can be no assurances that we and other market participants will be adequately prepared for an actual discontinuation of benchmarks, including LIBOR, that may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics (including, but not limited to, interest rates to be paid to or by us), which may also result in adversely affecting our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, such transition may result in litigation with counterparties impacted by the transition as well as increased regulatory scrutiny and other adverse consequences. We are highly dependent on the internet, cloud technologies and third-party providers. Systems failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business is highly dependent on the increasing use of the internet, mobile devices and cloud technologies. Further, we have and will continue to be subject to an increasing risk of operational disruption and information security incidents as a result. These events can arise from a variety of sources, many of which are not under our control because of our reliance on third party technology systems and outsourcing services for key processes including data processing, loan servicing and deposit processing; and for key services including internet, and mobile technology. Potential causes for incidents may include human error, electrical or telecommunication outages, hardware failures, and malicious activity. Any of these events could cause interruption to the Company s operations, as well as the operations of our clients. If significant, sustained or repeated, these events could compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of client business, and/or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. A failure in or breach of our security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party providers, could result in financial losses to us or in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including client information, or could trigger further regulatory and financial penalty if determined to be non-compliant with evolving privacy and data protection laws. These events could have a material adverse effect on the Company. As a financial institution, we may be the target of fraudulent activity that may result in financial losses to us or our clients, privacy breaches against our clients or damage to our reputation and regulatory relationships. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, unauthorized intrusion into or use of our systems, ATM skimming or jackpotting, and other dishonest acts. We provide our clients with the ability to bank remotely, including via online, mobile and phone. The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and other remote channels is a critical element of remote banking. Our systems and network are subject to ongoing cyber incidents such as unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data, account takeovers, unavailability of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, phishing schemes, ransomware and other similar events. Third parties with whom we do business may also be sources of cybersecurity risks. We may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. Given the increasingly high volume of our transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they can be discovered and rectified. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 To the extent that our activities or the activities of our clients involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches and viruses could cause serious negative consequences, including reputational damage, litigation exposure and, regulatory scrutiny, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy and data protection laws. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could also cause existing clients to lose confidence in our systems and could materially and adversely affect us. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and complexity of the threats from organized cybercriminals and hackers, and our plans to continue to provide digital banking products and services to our clients. Information security risks for financial institutions like us have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers have engaged in attacks against large financial institutions, particularly denial of service or ransomware attacks are designed to disrupt key business services, such as client-facing web sites. We are not able to anticipate or implement preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and can originate from a wide variety of sources. We employ detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, but early detection may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. We also face risks related to cyber-attacks and other security breaches in connection with credit or debit card, including ATM-related, transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding our clients through various third parties, including merchant acquiring banks, payment processors, payment card networks (e.g., Visa, MasterCard) and our third-party processors. Some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyber-attacks, and because the transactions involve third parties and environments such as the point of sale that we do not control or secure, future security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting any of these third parties could impact us through no fault of our own, and in some cases we may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. We also rely significantly on numerous other third party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and face similar risks relating to them. While many of our agreements with third parties contain indemnification provisions, we may not be able to recover sufficiently, or at all, under the provisions to offset any losses we may incur from third-party cyber incidents. The value of our mortgage and Small Business Administration servicing rights can decline during periods of falling interest rates, and we may be required to take a charge against earnings for the decreased value. A mortgage servicing right MSR is the right to service a mortgage loan for a fee. A Small Business Administration servicing right is the right to service loans sold for a fee. We capitalize servicing rights when we originate mortgage or SBA loans and retain the servicing rights after we sell the loans. We carry servicing rights at the lower of amortized cost or estimated fair value. Fair value is the present value of estimated future net servicing income, calculated based on a number of variables, including assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions. When interest rates fall, borrowers are more likely to prepay their mortgage loans by refinancing them at a lower rate. As the likelihood of prepayment increases, the fair value of our servicing rights can decrease. Each quarter we evaluate our servicing rights for impairment based on the difference between the carrying amount and fair value, and, if a temporary impairment exists, we establish a valuation allowance through a charge that negatively affects our earnings. We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or reimburse investors and others as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties. We sell residential mortgage loans to various parties, including GSEs and other financial institutions that purchase mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. The agreements under which we sell mortgage loans and the insurance or guaranty agreements with the FHA and VA contain various representations and warranties regarding the origination and characteristics of the mortgage loans, including ownership of the loan, compliance with loan criteria set forth in the applicable agreement, validity of the lien securing the loan, absence of delinquent taxes or liens against the property securing the loan, fraudulent documentation and compliance with applicable origination laws. If any of these items prove defective or insufficient, we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans, indemnify the investor or insurer, or reimburse the investor or 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 insurer for credit losses incurred on loans in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a period (usually 90 days or less) after we receive notice of the breach. Contracts for mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied to inadequate responses to repurchase requests. Similarly, the agreements under which we sell mortgage loans require us to deliver various documents to the investor, and we may be obligated to repurchase any mortgage loan as to which the required documents are not delivered or are defective. We establish a mortgage repurchase liability related to the various representations and warranties that reflect management s estimate of losses for loans which we have a repurchase obligation. Our mortgage repurchase liability represents management s best estimate of the probable loss that we may expect to incur for the representations and warranties in the contractual provisions of our sales of mortgage loans. Because the level of mortgage loan repurchase losses depends upon economic factors, investor demand strategies and other external conditions that may change over the life of the underlying loans, the level of the liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is difficult to estimate and requires considerable management judgment. If economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or future investor repurchase demand and our success at appealing repurchase requests differ from past experience, we could experience increased repurchase obligations and increased loss severity on repurchases, requiring additions to the repurchase liability. The required accounting treatment of loans we acquire through acquisitions could result in higher net interest margins and interest income in current periods and lower net interest margins and interest income in future periods. Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to record loans acquired through acquisitions at fair value. Estimating the fair value of such loans requires management to make estimates based on available information, facts, and circumstances on the acquisition date. Any discount on acquired loans is accreted into interest income over the weighted average remaining contractual life of the loans. Therefore, our net interest margins may initially increase due to the discount accretion. We expect the yields on the total loan portfolio will decline as our acquired loan portfolios pay down or mature and the corresponding accretion of the discount decreases. We expect downward pressure on our interest income to the extent that the runoff of our acquired loan portfolios is not replaced with comparable high-yielding loans. This could result in higher net interest margins and interest income in current periods and lower net interest margins and interest income in future periods. We have recorded goodwill as a result of acquisitions that can significantly affect our earnings if it becomes impaired. Under current accounting standards, goodwill is not amortized but, instead, is subject to impairment tests on at least an annual basis or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We face risks due to our mortgage banking activities that could negatively impact net income and profitability. We sell a majority of the mortgage loans that we originate. The sale of these loans generates non-interest income and can be a source of liquidity for the Banks. Disruption in the secondary market for residential mortgage loans as well as declines in real estate values could result in one or more of the following: 

our inability to sell mortgage loans on the secondary market, which could negatively impact our liquidity position; declines in real estate values could decrease the potential of mortgage originations, which could negatively impact our earnings; if it is determined that loans were made in breach of our representations and warranties to the secondary market, we could incur losses associated with the loans; increased compliance requirements, including with respect to the CARES Act, could result in higher compliance costs, higher foreclosure proceedings or lower loan origination volume, all which could negatively impact future earnings; and 
 Increases in prevailing interest rates have caused and may continue to cause declines in mortgage originations including declines in mortgage refinance activity, which have impacted and may continue to negatively impact our earnings. Mortgage interest rates are influenced by many elements including inflation, monetary policy set by the Federal Reserve and macro-economic factors. A prolonged period of rising interest rates may result in changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits. Such conditions could have adverse effects on our ability to originate mortgage loans due to reduced 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 consumer demand, increased pressure from competing lenders and increased costs, which could impact earnings in the form of reduced interest from fewer mortgages, reduced fees from loan sales and tighter net interest margins. Risks Relating to our Growth Strategy We may not be able to effectively manage our growth or other expansionary activity. Our expansionary activity, whether through de novo branching, acquisitions, organic growth or the implementation of our digital banking strategy has placed, and it may continue to place, significant demands on our operations and management. The success of our expansionary activity is dependent upon our ability to: 

continue to implement and improve our operational, credit, financial, legal, management and other internal risk controls and processes and our reporting systems and procedures in order to manage a growing number of client relationships; implement and scale our 2UniFi SM platform and other new technologies; integrate our acquisitions and develop consistent policies throughout the various lines of businesses; attract and retain the client base; and attract and retain management talent. 

We may not successfully implement improvements to, or integrate, our management information and control systems, procedures and processes in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. In particular, our controls and procedures must be able to accommodate an increase in loan volume in various markets and the infrastructure that comes with new banking centers, banks and growth of our client base through our digital banking strategy and our trust and wealth management business. Thus, our growth strategy may divert management from our existing franchises and may require us to incur additional expenditures to expand our administrative and operational infrastructure and, if we are unable to effectively manage and grow our financial services franchise, we could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to manage future expansion in our operations, we may experience compliance and operational problems, have to slow the pace of growth, or have to incur additional expenditures beyond current projections to support such growth, any one of which could materially and adversely affect us. We face increased risk of claims and litigation relating to our fiduciary responsibilities in connection with our trust and wealth management business. Services we provide in connection with our trust and wealth management business may require us to act as fiduciaries for our clients and others. Third parties or government agencies may assert claims and take legal action against us pertaining to the performance of our fiduciary responsibilities. If these claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, we may be exposed to significant financial liability or our reputation could be damaged. Either of these results may adversely impact demand for our products and services or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Our digital growth strategy may subject us to additional operational, strategic, reputational and regulatory risks. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to continue to address the needs of our clients by using innovative technologies to provide products and services that will satisfy client demands for convenience and security, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. The implementation of such new technologies may expose us to additional operational, financial, operational, strategic, reputational and regulatory risks. New technology-driven products and services are rapidly being introduced throughout the financial services industry, often through fintech companies. We have made and will continue to make investments in and also partner with third party fintech companies in connection with our digital growth strategy and the digital solution, 2UniFi SM . Our investments may include companies that may be unseasoned, unprofitable or have no established operating histories or earnings and may lack technical, marketing, financial and other resources and are therefore more vulnerable to financial failure. The innovations these companies develop for utilization by 2UniFi SM , may prove more difficult to successfully integrate into our existing 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 operations. We may be required to employ and maintain qualified personnel and as our business expands into new and expanding markets, and we may be required to install additional operational and control systems to manage fraud, operational, legal and compliance risks. Any failure to successfully manage this integration may adversely affect our timeline for our digital strategy, future financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, any adverse regulatory treatment of the companies and technologies we have invested in, may impact our digital growth and our ability to satisfy our clients demands for digital offerings in the 2UniFi SM ecosystem. Our acquisitions generally will require regulatory approvals, and failure to obtain them would restrict our growth. We intend to complement and expand our business by pursuing strategic acquisitions of financial services franchises. Generally, any acquisition of target financial institutions, banking centers or other banking assets by us will require approval by, and cooperation from, a number of governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the Colorado Division of Banking and the Wyoming Division of Banking. In acting on applications, our banking regulators consider, among other factors: 

the effect of the acquisition on competition; the financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, capital levels and future prospects of the applicant and the bank(s) involved; the quantity and complexity of previously consummated acquisitions; the managerial resources of the applicant and the bank(s) involved; the convenience and needs of the community, including the record of performance under the Community Reinvestment Act; and the effectiveness of the applicant in combating money laundering activities. 
 Such regulators could deny our application based on the above criteria or other considerations, which would restrict our growth, or the regulatory approvals may not be granted on terms that are acceptable to us. For example, we could be required to sell banking centers as a condition to receiving regulatory approvals, and such a condition may not be acceptable to us or may reduce the benefit of any acquisition. In addition, prior to the submission of an application our regulators could discourage us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or indicate that regulatory approvals may not be granted on terms that would be acceptable to us, which could have the same effect of restricting our growth or reducing the benefit of any acquisitions. To the extent that we are unable to identify and consummate attractive acquisitions, or continue to increase loans through organic loan growth, we may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, which could materially and adversely affect us. We intend to continue to grow our business through organic loan growth and strategic acquisitions of financial services franchises. Previous availability of attractive acquisition targets may not be indicative of future acquisition opportunities, and we may be unable to identify any acquisition targets that meet our investment objectives. As our acquired loan portfolio, which generally produces higher yields than our originated loans due to loan discounts and accretable yield, is paid down, we expect downward pressure on our income to the extent that the runoff is not replaced with other high-yielding loans. As a result of the foregoing, if we are unable to replace loans in our existing portfolio with comparable high-yielding loans, we could be materially and adversely affected. We could also be materially and adversely affected if we choose to pursue riskier higher-yielding loans that fail to perform. Projected operating results for businesses acquired by us may be inaccurate and may vary significantly from actual results. To the extent that we make acquisitions that involve distressed assets, we may not be able to realize the value we predict from these assets or make sufficient provision for future losses in the value of, or accurately estimate the future write-downs to be taken in respect of, these assets. We will generally establish the pricing of transactions and the capital structure of financial services franchises to be acquired by us on the basis of financial projections for such financial services franchises. In general, projected operating results will be based on the judgment of our management team. In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed and the projected results may vary significantly from 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 actual results. General economic, political and market conditions can have a material adverse impact on the reliability of such projections. In the event that the projections made in connection with our acquisitions, or future projections with respect to new acquisitions, are not accurate, such inaccuracies could materially and adversely affect us. Delinquencies and losses in the loan portfolios and other assets we acquire may exceed our initial forecasts developed during our due diligence investigation prior to acquisition and, thus, produce lower returns than we believed our purchase price supported. Furthermore, our due diligence investigation may not reveal all material issues. If, during the diligence process, we fail to identify all relevant issues related to an acquisition, we may be forced to later write-down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in significant losses. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect us. Economic conditions may create an uncertain environment with respect to asset valuations and there is no certainty that we will be able to sell assets or institutions after we acquire them if we determine it would be in our best interests to do so. In addition, there may be limited liquidity for certain asset classes we hold, including commercial real estate and construction and development loans. Any of the foregoing matters could materially and adversely affect us. Our use of appraisals in deciding whether to make loans secured by real property does not ensure that the value of the real property collateral will be sufficient to repay our loans. In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property, we require an appraisal of the property. However, an appraisal is only an estimate of the value of the property at the time the appraisal is made and requires the exercise of a considerable degree of judgment. If the appraisal does not accurately reflect the amount that may be obtained upon sale or foreclosure of the property, whether due to a decline in property value after the date of the original appraisal or defective preparation of the appraisal, we may not realize an amount equal to the indebtedness secured by the property and as a result, we may suffer losses. Risks Relating to the Regulation of Our Industry We operate in a highly regulated environment and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and accounting principles, or changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, could materially and adversely affect us. We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and legislation by federal and state regulators and bodies that govern almost all aspects of our operations. Intended to protect clients, depositors and the DIF, these laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on the business activities in which we can engage (including foreclosure and collection practices), limit the dividends or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt, and impose certain specific accounting requirements on us that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than GAAP. Compliance with laws and regulations, including the effects of the Dodd Frank Act Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure follows good faith effort or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines and other penalties, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive and also materially and adversely affect us. The FDIC s restoration plan for the DIF and any related increased assessment rates could materially and adversely affect us. The FDIC insures deposits at FDIC-insured depository institutions, such as our subsidiary bank, up to applicable limits. The amount of a particular institution s deposit insurance assessment is based on that institution s risk classification under an FDIC risk-based assessment system. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to its regulators. If current assessments imposed by the FDIC are insufficient for the DIF to meet its funding requirements, there may need to be further special assessments or increases in deposit insurance premiums. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. Any future additional assessments, increases or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums may materially and adversely affect us, including by reducing our profitability or limiting our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Federal and state banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions to which we become subject as a result of such examinations could materially and adversely affect us. Federal and state banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a federal or state banking agency were to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we or our management was in violation of any law or regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against our officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance. If we become subject to such regulatory actions, we could be materially and adversely affected. We are subject to the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, and restrictions on expansion activity. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. The Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support our subsidiary banks. As a matter of policy, the Federal Reserve, which examines us and our subsidiaries, expects a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal bank regulators to require that all companies that directly or indirectly control an insured depository institution serve as a source of strength for the institution. Under this requirement, we could be required to provide financial assistance to our subsidiary bank should our subsidiary bank experience financial distress. A capital injection may be required at times when we do not have the resources to provide it and therefore we may be required to borrow the funds or raise additional equity capital from third parties. Any loans by a holding company to its subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its indebtedness. Any financing that must be done by the holding company in order to make the required capital injection may be difficult and expensive and may not be available on attractive terms, or at all, which likely would have a material adverse effect on us. We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. The federal Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The Federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the U.S. Treasury Department to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 those requirements, and engages in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that we may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions (such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans), which could materially and adversely affect us. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Federal, state and local consumer lending laws may restrict our ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase our risk of liability with respect to such loans and could increase our cost of doing business. Federal, state and local laws have been adopted that are intended to eliminate certain lending practices considered predatory. These laws prohibit practices such as steering borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly refinancing loans and making loans without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of the value of the underlying property. It is our policy not to make predatory loans, but these laws create the potential for liability with respect to our lending and loan investment activities. They increase our cost of doing business and, ultimately, may prevent us from making certain loans or cause us to reduce the average percentage rate or the points and fees on loans that we do make. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to regulatory limitations and our bank subsidiary s ability to pay dividends to us is also subject to regulatory limitations. Our ability to declare and pay dividends depends both on the ability of our bank subsidiary to pay dividends to us and on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve regarding capital adequacy and dividends. Because we are a separate legal entity from our bank subsidiary and we do not have significant operations of our own, any dividends paid by us to our shareholders would have to be paid from funds at the holding company level that are legally available therefor. However, as a bank holding company, we are subject to general regulatory restrictions on the payment of cash dividends. Federal bank regulatory agencies have the authority to prohibit bank holding companies from engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their business, which depending on the financial condition and liquidity of the holding company at the time, could include the payment of dividends. Additionally, various federal and state statutory provisions limit the amount of dividends that our bank subsidiary can pay to us as its holding company without regulatory approval. Finally, holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our board of directors may declare in its unilateral discretion. Dividends are paid out of funds legally available for such purpose based on a variety of considerations, including, without limitation, our historical and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, capital levels, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory prohibitions and other limitations, general economic conditions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, we may not pay the amount of dividends referenced in our current intention above, or any dividends at all, to our shareholders in the future. Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We operate in multiple jurisdictions, and we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments. From time to time, legislative initiatives may be adopted, which may impact our effective tax rate and could adversely affect our deferred tax assets, tax positions and/or our tax liabilities. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our historical tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in defending our positions in connection with any such challenge. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS . None Item 2. PROPERTIES . Our principal executive offices are located in the Denver Tech Center area immediately south of Denver, Colorado and cover approximately 47,000 square feet. We also have approximately 57,000 square feet of office and operations space in Kansas City, Missouri. At December 31, 2022, we operated 38 banking centers in Colorado, 34 in Kansas and Missouri, nine in Wyoming, eight in Utah, two in Texas, four in New Mexico and three in Idaho. Of these banking centers, 69 were owned and 29 locations were leased. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS . From time to time, we are a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. We do not believe that any of our pending legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . None. PART I I Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTER S AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market for Registrant s Common Equity Shares of the Company s common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol NBHC . The Company had 231 shareholders of record as of February 24, 2023. Management estimates that the number of beneficial owners is significantly greater. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Performance Graph The following graph presents a comparison of the Company s performance to the indices named below. It assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017, with dividends invested on a total return basis. 

Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 NBHC 100.00 96.57 112.55 107.53 147.37 144.19 KBW Regional Banking Index 100.00 82.51 102.20 93.33 127.53 118.71 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 88.97 111.65 133.90 153.70 122.25 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth information about our repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 

Maximum Total number of approximate dollar shares purchased value of shares as part of publicly that may yet be Total number Average price announced plans purchased under the Period of shares purchased paid per share or programs plans or programs (2) October 1 - October 31, 2022 (1) 5,484 40.79 38,618,179 November 1 - November 30, 2022 (1) 1,481 48.65 38,618,179 December 1 - December 31, 2022 (1) 2,373 43.48 38,618,179 Total 9,338 42.72 

(1) Represents shares purchased other than through publicly announced plans purchased pursuant to the Company s stock incentive plans at the then current market value in satisfaction of stock option exercise prices, settlements of restricted stock and tax withholdings. (2) On February 24, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new program to repurchase up to 75.0 million of the Company s stock from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The remaining authorization under the program as of December 31, 2022 was 38.6 million. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans During the second quarter of 2014, shareholders approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ). Under the 2014 Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has the authority to grant, from time to time, awards of options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, other stock-based awards, or any combination thereof to eligible persons. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of Company common stock available for issuance under the 2014 Plan was 3,608,461 shares. During the second quarter of 2015, shareholders approved the Company s 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of common stock up to a limit of 25,000 per calendar year or 2,000 shares per offering period. The price an employee pays for shares is 90 of the fair market value of Company common stock on the last day of the offering period. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of Company common stock available for issuance under the ESPP was 262,482 shares. See note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further detail related to these equity compensation plans. 

Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity plans approved by security holders 717,088 29.79 3,870,943 Equity plans not approved by security holders Total 717,088 29.79 3,870,943 Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA . The following table sets forth a summary of selected historical financial information derived from our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the five years ended December 31, 2022. This information should be read together with the related notes thereto as well as Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this annual report. Such information is not necessarily indicative of anticipated future results. All amounts are presented in thousands, except share and per share data, or as otherwise noted. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Summary of Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Data: 

December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Cash and cash equivalents 195,505 845,695 605,565 110,190 109,556 Investment securities available-for-sale (at fair value) 706,289 691,847 661,955 638,249 791,102 Investment securities held-to-maturity 651,527 609,012 376,615 182,884 235,398 Non-marketable securities 89,049 50,740 17,260 29,751 27,555 Loans (1) 7,220,469 4,513,383 4,353,726 4,415,406 4,092,308 Allowance for credit losses (89,553) (49,694) (59,777) (39,064) (35,692) Loans, net 7,130,916 4,463,689 4,293,949 4,376,342 4,056,616 Loans held for sale 22,767 139,142 247,813 117,444 48,120 Other real estate owned 3,731 7,005 4,730 7,300 10,596 Premises and equipment, net 136,111 96,747 106,982 112,151 109,986 Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 339,019 127,349 132,955 126,388 128,497 Other assets 298,329 182,785 212,126 194,813 159,240 Total assets 9,573,243 7,214,011 6,659,950 5,895,512 5,676,666 Deposits 7,872,626 6,228,173 5,676,232 4,737,132 4,535,621 Long-term debt, net 53,890 39,478 Other liabilities 554,525 106,254 163,027 391,460 446,039 Total liabilities 8,481,041 6,373,905 5,839,259 5,128,592 4,981,660 Total shareholders equity 1,092,202 840,106 820,691 766,920 695,006 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 9,573,243 7,214,011 6,659,950 5,895,512 5,676,666 

(1) Total loans are net of unearned discounts and deferred fees and costs. Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 

As of and for the years ended December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Interest income 284,688 200,965 218,002 242,601 221,391 Interest expense 17,853 13,821 25,056 36,771 23,954 Net interest income 266,835 187,144 192,946 205,830 197,437 Provision expense (release) for credit losses 36,729 (9,293) 17,630 11,643 5,197 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 230,106 196,437 175,316 194,187 192,240 Non-interest income 67,312 110,364 140,258 82,752 70,775 Non-interest expense 211,234 191,830 206,177 180,745 189,334 Income before income taxes 86,184 114,971 109,397 96,194 73,681 Income tax expense 14,910 21,365 20,806 15,829 12,230 Net income 71,274 93,606 88,591 80,365 61,451 Share Information: Earnings per share, basic 2.20 3.04 2.87 2.57 2.00 Earnings per share, diluted 2.18 3.01 2.85 2.55 1.95 Dividends paid 0.94 0.87 0.80 0.75 0.54 Book value per share 29.04 28.04 26.79 24.60 22.59 Tangible common book value per share (1) 20.63 24.33 23.09 20.89 18.77 Total shareholders equity to total assets 11.41 11.65 12.32 13.01 12.24 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1) 8.38 10.26 10.80 11.27 10.39 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic 32,360,005 30,727,566 30,857,086 31,175,825 30,748,234 Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 32,680,932 31,068,159 31,075,857 31,530,817 31,430,074 Common shares outstanding 37,608,519 29,958,764 30,634,291 31,176,627 30,769,063 

(1) Tangible book value per share and tangible common equity to tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are book value per share and total shareholders equity to total assets. See the reconciliation under About Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Key Metrics 

As of and for the years ended December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Return on average assets 0.91 1.33 1.40 1.38 1.10 Return on average tangible assets (1) 0.95 1.37 1.44 1.42 1.15 Return on average tangible assets, adjusted (1)(2) 1.32 1.37 1.44 1.42 1.26 Return on average equity 7.88 11.06 11.24 10.89 9.28 Return on average tangible common equity (1) 9.91 12.87 13.27 13.07 11.60 Return on average tangible common equity, adjusted (1)(2) 13.75 12.87 13.27 13.07 12.76 Loan to deposit ratio (end of period) (9) 91.72 72.47 76.70 93.21 90.23 Non-interest bearing deposits to total deposits (end of period) 39.82 40.24 37.19 25.01 23.64 Net interest margin (3) 3.65 2.87 3.33 3.83 3.85 Net interest margin FTE (1)(3)(4) 3.73 2.95 3.42 3.93 3.93 Interest rate spread FTE (1)(4)(5) 3.54 2.79 3.21 3.65 3.77 Yield on earning assets (6) 3.90 3.08 3.76 4.52 4.31 Yield on earning assets FTE (1)(4)(6) 3.97 3.16 3.85 4.61 4.40 Cost of interest bearing liabilities 0.43 0.37 0.64 0.96 0.63 Cost of deposits 0.22 0.23 0.45 0.64 0.45 Non-interest income to total revenue FTE (4) 19.82 36.46 41.46 28.18 25.95 Non-interest expense to average assets 2.70 2.73 3.26 3.10 3.38 Efficiency ratio 63.22 64.48 61.88 62.63 70.59 Efficiency ratio FTE (1)(4) 62.19 63.38 60.94 61.55 69.43 Efficiency ratio FTE, adjusted (1)(2)(4) 57.07 62.99 60.59 61.15 68.64 Pre-provision net revenue 122,913 105,678 127,027 107,837 78,878 Pre-provision net revenue FTE (1)(4) 128,425 110,839 132,130 112,902 83,360 Pre-provision net revenue FTE adjusted for acquisition-related expense (1)(2)(4) 143,492 110,839 132,130 112,902 83,360 Total Loans Asset Quality Data (7)(8)(9) Non-performing loans to total loans 0.23 0.24 0.47 0.49 0.60 Non-performing assets to total loans and OREO 0.28 0.39 0.58 0.66 0.85 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.24 1.10 1.37 0.88 0.87 Allowance for credit losses to non-performing loans 542.35 458.77 293.21 179.62 145.94 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.03 0.03 0.06 0.19 0.02 

(1) Ratio represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See non-GAAP reconciliation below. (2) Ratios are adjusted for acquisition-related expenses. See non-GAAP reconciliation below. (3) Net interest margin represents net interest income, including accretion income on interest earning assets, as a percentage of average interest earning assets. (4) Presented on a fully taxable equivalent FTE basis using the statutory rate of 21 for all periods presented. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 5,512, 5,161, 5,103, 5,065 and 4,482 for the years ended 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. (5) Interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest bearing liabilities. (6) Interest earning assets include assets that earn interest/accretion or dividends. Any market value adjustments on investment securities or loans are excluded from interest-earning assets. (7) Non-performing loans consist of non-accruing loans and restructured loans on non-accrual. (8) Non-performing assets include non-performing loans, other real estate owned and other repossessed assets. (9) Total loans are net of unearned discounts and fees. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 About Non-GAAP Financial Measures Certain of the financial measures and ratios we present, including tangible assets, average tangible assets, return on average tangible assets, tangible common equity, tangible common equity to tangible assets, return on average tangible common equity, tangible common book value, tangible common book value per share, tangible common equity to tangible assets, tangible common book value, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, adjusted non-interest expense, non-interest expense to average assets, adjusted, adjusted net income, adjusted net income excluding core deposit intangible amortization expense, after tax, adjusted earnings per share - diluted, adjusted return on average tangible assets, adjusted return on average tangible common equity, non-interest expense adjusted for CDI asset amortization and acquisition-related expenses, non-interest expense adjusted for acquisition-related expenses, efficiency ratio adjusted for CDI and WMI amortization and acquisition-related expenses, pre-provision net revenue, pre-provision net revenue adjusted for acquisition-related expenses, tangible common book value, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), net of tax, tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), net of tax, adjusted net income excluding CDI amortization expense, after tax, net income adjusted for the impact of CDI and WMI amortization expense and acquisition-related expenses, after tax, net income excluding the impact of CDI and WMI amortization expense, after tax, and fully taxable equivalent metrics, are supplemental measures that are not required by, or are not presented in accordance with, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). We refer to these financial measures and ratios as non-GAAP financial measures. We consider the use of select non-GAAP financial measures and ratios to be useful for financial and operational decision making and useful in evaluating period-to-period comparisons. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance by excluding certain expenditures or assets that we believe are not indicative of our primary business operating results or by presenting certain metrics on an FTE basis. We believe that management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, analyzing and comparing past, present and future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP and you should not rely on non-GAAP financial measures alone as measures of our performance. The non-GAAP financial measures we present may differ from non-GAAP financial measures used by our peers or other companies. We compensate for these limitations by providing the equivalent GAAP measures whenever we present the non-GAAP financial measures and by including a reconciliation of the impact of the components adjusted for in the non-GAAP financial measure so that both measures and the individual components may be considered when analyzing our performance. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 A reconciliation of our GAAP financial measures to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures is as follows: Tangible Common Book Value Ratios 

December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total shareholders equity 1,092,202 840,106 820,691 766,920 695,006 Less: goodwill, core deposit CDI and wealth management WMI intangible assets, net (327,191) (121,392) (122,575) (123,758) (124,941) Add: deferred tax liability related to goodwill 10,984 10,070 9,155 8,241 7,327 Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 775,995 728,784 707,271 651,403 577,392 Total assets 9,573,243 7,214,011 6,659,950 5,895,512 5,676,666 Less: goodwill, CDI and WMI assets, net (327,191) (121,392) (122,575) (123,758) (124,941) Add: deferred tax liability related to goodwill 10,984 10,070 9,155 8,241 7,327 Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 9,257,036 7,102,689 6,546,530 5,779,995 5,559,052 Tangible common equity to tangible assets calculations: Total shareholders equity to total assets 11.41 11.65 12.32 13.01 12.24 Less: impact of goodwill, CDI and WMI assets, net (3.03) (1.39) (1.52) (1.74) (1.85) Tangible common equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 8.38 10.26 10.80 11.27 10.39 Tangible common book value per share calculations: Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 775,995 728,784 707,271 651,403 577,392 Divided by: ending shares outstanding 37,608,519 29,958,764 30,634,291 31,176,627 30,769,063 Tangible common book value per share (non-GAAP) 20.63 24.33 23.09 20.89 18.77 Tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income calculations: Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 775,995 728,784 707,271 651,403 577,392 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), net of tax 88,204 6,963 (9,766) (2,062) 11,275 Tangible common book value, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (non-GAAP) 864,199 735,747 697,505 649,341 588,667 Divided by: ending shares outstanding 37,608,519 29,958,764 30,634,291 31,176,627 30,769,063 Tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (non-GAAP) 22.98 24.56 22.77 20.83 19.13 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Return on Average Tangible Assets and Return on Average Tangible Equity 

As of and for the years ended December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net income 71,274 93,606 88,591 80,365 61,451 Add: impact of CDI and WMI amortization expense, after tax 1,799 909 910 899 1,649 Net income excluding the impact of CDI and WMI amortization expense, after tax (non-GAAP) 73,073 94,515 89,501 81,264 63,100 Net income excluding the impact of CDI and WMI amortization expense, after tax 73,073 94,515 89,501 81,264 63,100 Add: acquisition-related adjustments, after tax (non-GAAP) (1) 28,303 6,321 Net income adjusted for the impact of CDI and WMI amortization expense and acquisition-related expenses, after tax (non-GAAP) (1) 101,376 94,515 89,501 81,264 69,421 Average assets 7,829,792 7,020,111 6,326,268 5,837,121 5,607,532 Less: average goodwill, CDI and WMI assets, net of deferred tax liability related to goodwill (166,857) (111,944) (114,031) (116,104) (118,546) Average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 7,662,935 6,908,167 6,212,237 5,721,017 5,488,986 Average shareholders equity 904,381 846,539 788,286 737,923 662,420 Less: average goodwill, CDI and WMI assets, net of deferred tax liability related to goodwill (166,857) (111,944) (114,031) (116,104) (118,546) Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 737,524 734,595 674,255 621,819 543,874 Return on average assets 0.91 1.33 1.40 1.38 1.10 Return on average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 0.95 1.37 1.44 1.42 1.15 Adjusted return on average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 1.32 1.37 1.44 1.42 1.26 Return on average equity 7.88 11.06 11.24 10.89 9.28 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 9.91 12.87 13.27 13.07 11.60 Adjusted return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 13.75 12.87 13.27 13.07 12.76 (1) Acquisition-related adjustments: Provision expense adjustments: CECL day 1 provision expense (non-GAAP) 21,706 Non-interest expense adjustments: Acquisition-related expenses (non-GAAP) 15,067 7,957 Acquisition-related adjustments before tax (non-GAAP) 36,773 7,957 Tax expense impact (8,470) (1,636) Acquisition-related adjustments, after tax (non-GAAP) 28,303 6,321 Fully Taxable Equivalent Yield on Earning Assets and Net Interest Margin 

As of and for the years ended December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Interest income 284,688 200,965 218,002 242,601 221,391 Add: impact of taxable equivalent adjustment 5,512 5,161 5,103 5,065 4,482 Interest income FTE (non-GAAP) 290,200 206,126 223,105 247,666 225,873 Net interest income 266,835 187,144 192,946 205,830 197,437 Add: impact of taxable equivalent adjustment 5,512 5,161 5,103 5,065 4,482 Net interest income FTE (non-GAAP) 272,347 192,305 198,049 210,895 201,919 Average earning assets 7,308,753 6,521,300 5,795,864 5,368,073 5,131,694 Yield on earning assets 3.90 3.08 3.76 4.52 4.31 Yield on earning assets FTE (non-GAAP) 3.97 3.16 3.85 4.61 4.40 Net interest margin 3.65 2.87 3.33 3.83 3.85 Net interest margin FTE (non-GAAP) 3.73 2.95 3.42 3.93 3.93 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Efficiency Ratio and Pre-provision Net Revenue 

As of and for the years ended December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net interest income 266,835 187,144 192,946 205,830 197,437 Add: impact of taxable equivalent adjustment 5,512 5,161 5,103 5,065 4,482 Net interest income FTE (non-GAAP) 272,347 192,305 198,049 210,895 201,919 Non-interest income 67,312 110,364 140,258 82,752 70,775 Non-interest expense 211,234 191,830 206,177 180,745 189,334 Less: CDI and WMI asset amortization (2,338) (1,183) (1,183) (1,183) (2,170) Less: acquisition-related expenses (non-GAAP) (15,067) Non-interest expense adjusted for CDI and WMI asset amortization and acquisition-related expenses (non-GAAP) 193,829 190,647 204,994 179,562 187,164 Non-interest expense 211,234 191,830 206,177 180,745 189,334 Less: acquisition-related expenses (non-GAAP) (15,067) Non-interest expense, adjusted for impact of CDI and WMI amortization expense and acquisition-related expenses (non-GAAP) 196,167 191,830 206,177 180,745 189,334 Efficiency ratio 63.22 64.48 61.88 62.63 70.59 Efficiency ratio FTE (non-GAAP) 62.19 63.38 60.94 61.55 69.43 Efficiency ratio adjusted for CDI and WMI amortization and acquisition-related expenses FTE (non-GAAP) 57.07 62.99 60.59 61.15 68.64 Pre-provision net revenue (non-GAAP) 122,913 105,678 127,027 107,837 78,878 Pre-provision net revenue, FTE (non-GAAP) 128,425 110,839 132,130 112,902 83,360 Pre-provision net revenue FTE, adjusted for acquisition-related expenses (non-GAAP) 143,492 110,839 132,130 112,902 83,360 Adjusted Net Income and Earnings Per Share As of and for the years ended December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Adjustments to net income: Net income 71,274 93,606 88,591 80,365 61,451 Add: Acquisition-related adjustments, after tax (non-GAAP) 28,303 6,321 Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 99,577 93,606 88,591 80,365 67,772 Adjustments to earnings per share: Earnings per share - diluted 2.18 3.01 2.85 2.55 1.95 Add: Acquisition-related adjustments, after tax (non-GAAP) 0.87 0.21 Adjusted earnings per share - diluted (non-GAAP) 3.05 3.01 2.85 2.55 2.16 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and with the other financial and statistical data presented in this annual report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors and should be read herewith. Management s discussion focuses on 2022 results compared to 2021. For a discussion of 2021 results compared to 2020, refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. All amounts are in thousands, except share and per share data, or as otherwise noted. Overview Our focus is on building relationships by creating a win-win scenario for our clients and our Company. We believe in providing solutions and services to our clients that are based on fairness and simplicity. We have established a solid financial services franchise with a sizable presence for deposit gathering and building client relationships necessary for growth. We are executing on strategic acquisition opportunities to expand our presence in attractive markets and to diversify our revenue streams. Additionally, we are innovating and building strategic fintech partnerships with the goal of delivering a comprehensive digital financial ecosystem for our clients. We are focused on providing small and medium-sized businesses with alternative digital access to address borrowing, depository and cash management needs, while also providing information management and access to digital payment tools, under the safety of a regulated bank. We believe that our established presence in our core markets of Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho, as well as our ongoing investment in digital solutions and strategic acquisitions, position us well for growth opportunities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 9.6 billion in assets, 7.2 billion in loans, 7.9 billion in deposits, 1.1 billion in equity and 0.8 billion in assets under management in our trust and wealth management business. Operating Highlights and Key Challenges On September 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Community Bancorporation, the holding company for Rock Canyon Bank RCB ), headquartered in Provo, Utah. At the close of the acquisition, the Company acquired seven banking centers in the greater Salt Lake City region. The acquisition added 832.2 million in total assets, 537.7 million in loans and 734.5 million in deposits as of September 1, 2022. The merger consideration totaled 140.4 million and consisted of 124.3 million in Company stock and 16.1 million in cash. All core operating systems were converted during the fourth quarter of 2022. On October 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Bancshares of Jackson Hole Incorporated, the holding company for Bank of Jackson Hole BOJH ), with operations in Jackson Hole, Wyoming and Idaho. At the close of the acquisition, the Company acquired 12 banking centers. As of October 1, 2022, the acquisition added 1.5 billion in total assets, 1.2 billion in loans and 1.4 billion in deposits and an attractive Wyoming-based trust and wealth management business with 0.8 billion in assets under management. The merger consideration totaled 213.4 million and consisted of 162.5 million in Company stock and 51.0 million in cash. All core operating systems were converted in December of 2022. Profitability and returns 

Net income totaled 71.3 million, or 2.18 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 93.6 million, or 3.01 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusting for 36.8 million of non-recurring acquisition-related expenses, including CECL Day 1 provision expense totaling 21.7 million, net income totaled 99.6 million, or 3.05 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The return on average tangible assets was 0.95 for 2022, compared to 1.37 for 2021. Adjusting for non-recurring acquisition-related expenses, the return on average tangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.32 . 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 The return on average tangible common equity was 9.91 for 2022, compared to 12.87 for 2021. Adjusting for non-recurring acquisition-related expenses, the return on average tangible common equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 13.75 . 
 Strategic execution 

Completed the acquisition of RCB on September 1, 2022, further expanding our presence in the Salt Lake City region. Additionally, the Company became the #1 SBA lender by loan volume in the state of Utah. Completed the acquisition of BOJH on October 1, 2022, located in the fast-growing Wyoming and Boise markets, adding a favorable Wyoming-domiciled trust business. Continued to invest in digital solutions for our clients through our financial eco-system, 2UniFi SM , for small and medium-sized businesses that we believe will increase access to financial services while reducing the costs of banking services. Maintained a conservatively structured loan portfolio represented by diverse industries and concentrations with most industry sector concentrations at 10 or less of total loans and all concentration levels remain well below our self-imposed limits. 
 Loan portfolio 

Excluding the newly acquired loans, loans increased 1.0 billion or 21.7 led by originated commercial loan growth of 629.0 million. New loan fundings during 2022 totaled a record 2.0 billion, led by commercial loan fundings of 1.2 billion. The RCB acquisition added loans totaling 537.7 million on September 1, 2022, and the BOJH acquisition added loans totaling 1.2 billion on October 1, 2022. Loans outstanding totaled a record 7.2 billion, increasing 2.7 billion, or 60.0 , from the prior year. 
 Credit quality 

Allowance for credit losses totaled 1.24 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.10 at December 31, 2021. The Company recorded an increase in the allowance for credit losses of 39.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which included 27.4 million from the RCB and BOJH loan portfolios. The remainder of the provision expense was driven by record loan growth and higher allowance requirements from changes in the CECL model s underlying macro-economic forecast. Net charge-offs of 1.8 million and 1.3 million were recorded during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net charge-offs to average total loans totaled 0.03 and 0.03 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Credit quality remained strong, as non-performing loans (comprised of non-accrual loans and non-accrual troubled debt restructured loans) decreased to 0.23 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.24 at December 31, 2021. Non-performing assets to total loans and OREO decreased 11 basis points to 0.28 at December 31, 2022. 
 Client deposit funded balance sheet 

.9 

 Average transaction deposits for the fourth quarter of 2022 totaled 7.1 billion, increasing 33.6 , compared to 5.3 billion for the same period in the prior year. Average total deposits for the fourth quarter of 2022 totaled 8.0 billion, increasing 29.6 , compared to 6.2 billion for the same period in the prior year. The mix of transaction deposits to total deposits improved 240 basis points to 88.9 at December 31, 2022, from 86.5 at December 31, 2021. The RCB acquisition added 734.5 million of total deposits, including 653.0 million of transaction deposits and 81.5 million of time deposits on September 1, 2022, and the BOJH acquisition added 1.4 billion of total deposits, including 1.3 billion of transaction deposits and 0.1 billion of time deposits on October 1, 2022. Cost of deposits increased 15 basis points when comparing the fourth quarter of 2022 to the fourth quarter of 2021. The increase represents less than a five percent beta this rate cycle. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Revenues 

Fully taxable equivalent net interest income totaled a record 272.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 an increase of 80.0 million, or 41.6 , compared to the prior year due to an increase in average earning assets, several increases in the federal funds rate since March 2022, and excess cash being deployed into higher-yielding originated loans. The FTE net interest margin widened 78 basis points from the prior year to 3.73 for the year ended December 31, 2022, benefitting from an 81 basis point increase in earning asset yields to 3.97 . The cost of funds totaled 0.26 , compared to 0.23 during 2021. Non-interest income totaled 67.3 million during 2022, decreasing 43.1 million, or 39.0 , from 2021, largely driven by 39.6 million of lower mortgage banking income due to slower refinance activity in 2022 and competition driving tighter gain on sale margins. During 2022, service charges and bank card fees increased a combined 2.1 million. Other non-interest income decreased 5.6 million largely due to market adjustments on company-owned life insurance and higher unrealized gains on equity method investments included in the prior year. The year ended December 31, 2021 included 4.6 million of non-recurring banking center consolidation-related income. 
 Expenses 

Non-interest expense totaled 211.2 million during 2022, representing an increase of 19.4 million, or 10.1 , from 2021, primarily driven by expenses from acquisitions. Included in the year ended December 31, 2022 were 36.8 million of non-recurring acquisition-related expenses, including 21.7 million of CECL Day 1 provision expense for credit losses, 8.2 million of professional fees, 1.7 million of salaries and benefits, 2.1 million of data processing expense, 1.6 million of occupancy and equipment expense and 1.5 million in other non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The FTE efficiency ratio during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 62 , compared to 63 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusting for CDI and WMI asset amortization and non-recurring acquisition-related expenses, the FTE efficiency ratio improved 592 basis points to 57 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in the prior year. Income tax expense totaled 14.9 million during 2022, compared to 21.4 million during 2021. The 2022 and 2021 effective tax rates were 17.3 and 18.6 , respectively. 
 Strong capital position 

Capital ratios continue to be strong and in excess of federal bank regulatory agency well capitalized thresholds. At December 31, 2022, our consolidated tier 1 leverage ratio was 9.29 , and our common equity tier 1 and consolidated tier 1 risk based capital ratios were 10.54 . At December 31, 2022, common book value per share was 29.04. The tangible common book value per share decreased 3.70 to 20.63 at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, as earnings, net of dividends paid, were outpaced by a 2.16 increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss and the impact of the RCB and BOJH acquisitions. 
 Key Challenges There are a number of significant challenges confronting us and our industry. We face continual challenges implementing our business strategy. These include growing our assets, particularly loans, and deposits amidst intense competition, changing interest rates, adhering to changes in the regulatory environment and identifying and consummating disciplined acquisition and other expansionary opportunities in a very competitive and inflationary environment. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruption to the U.S. labor market, supply chain, consumer spending and business operations. The prolonged economic impacts from the pandemic, including inflationary pressures and demand for labor, are likely to continue to present challenges to our business and to our clients. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 We are focused on growing our loan portfolio while adhering to our established underwriting standards and self-imposed concentration limits. A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate and any deterioration in real estate values or credit quality or elevated levels of non-performing assets would ultimately have a negative impact on the quality of our loan portfolio. The agriculture industry continues to be impacted by elevated and volatile commodity prices and intermittent disruptions in supply chains. Our food and agribusiness portfolio is only 4.9 of total loans and is well-diversified across food production, crop and livestock types. Crop and livestock loans represent 1.4 of total loans. We have maintained relationships with food and agribusiness clients that generally possess low leverage and, correspondingly, low bank debt to assets, minimizing any potential credit losses in the future. Future growth in our interest income will ultimately be dependent on our ability to originate high-quality loans and other high-quality earning assets such as investment securities. Cash balances total 195.5 million at December 31, 2022 and have decreased 650.2 million from December 31, 2021. Investment securities totaled 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and increased 57.0 million, or 4.4 , compared to December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, our loans outstanding totaled a record 7.2 billion, increasing 2.7 billion, or 60.0 , compared to December 31, 2021. Loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 included 1.7 billion of loans acquired through the RCB and BOJH acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our weighted average rate on new loans funded at the time of origination was 5.25 , compared to the weighted average yield of our originated loan portfolio of 4.58 (FTE). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Federal Reserve increased prevailing interest rates by a total of 425 basis points. Our future earnings will be impacted by the Federal Reserve s future interest rate policy decisions. Continued regulation, impending new liquidity and capital constraints, and a continual need to bolster cybersecurity are adding costs and uncertainty to all U.S. banks and could affect profitability. Also, nontraditional participants in the market may offer increased competition as non-bank payment businesses, including fintechs, are expanding into traditional banking products. While certain external factors are out of our control and may provide obstacles to our business strategy, we are prepared to deal with these challenges and expand our offerings in digital technology, including by partnering with and investing in fintechs where appropriate. We seek to remain flexible, yet methodical and proactive, in our strategic decision making so that we can quickly respond to market changes and the inherent challenges and opportunities that accompany such changes. Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates We use accounting principles and methods that conform to GAAP and general banking practices. We are required to apply significant judgment and make material estimates in the preparation of our financial statements and with regard to various accounting, reporting and disclosure matters. Assumptions and estimates are required to apply these principles where actual measurement is not possible or practical. The most significant of these estimates relate to the determination of the allowance for credit losses and accounting for acquired loans. See additional discussion of our ACL policy in note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Allowance for credit losses The determination of the ACL, which represents management s estimate of lifetime credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio at the balance sheet date, involves a high degree of judgment and complexity. The Company estimates the collective ACL by first disaggregating the loan portfolio into segments based upon broad characteristics such as primary use and underlying collateral. Within these segments, the portfolio is further disaggregated into classes of loans with similar attributes and risk characteristics. The collective ACL is determined at the class level, analyzing loss history based upon specific loss drivers and risk factors affecting each loan class. The Company utilizes a discounted cash flow DCF model that incorporates forecasts of certain national macroeconomic factors (reasonable and supportable forecasts) which drive the losses predicted in establishing the Company s collective ACL. Management accounts for the inherent uncertainty of the underlying economic forecast by reviewing and weighting alternate forecast scenarios. For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts to historical long-term average loss rates on a straight-line basis. Additionally, the collective ACL calculation includes subjective adjustments for qualitative risk factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses to differ from historical experience. Changes in these assumptions, estimates or the conditions 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 surrounding them may have a material impact on our financial condition. For further discussion of the ACL, see notes 2 and 7 to our consolidated financial statements. Accounting for Acquired Loans ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, requires that acquired loans are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition. The fair value for acquired loans at the time of acquisition is based on a variety of factors including discounted expected cash flows, adjusted for estimated prepayments and credit losses. In accordance with ASC 326, the fair value adjustment is recorded as premium or discount to the unpaid principal balance of each acquired loan. Loans that have been identified as having experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are purchase credit deteriorated PCD loans. The net premium or discount on PCD loans is adjusted by our allowance for credit losses recorded at the time of acquisition. The remaining net premium or discount is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using the level yield method. The net premium or discount on non-PCD loans, that includes credit quality and interest rate considerations, is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using the level yield method. The Company then records the necessary allowance for credit losses on the non-PCD loans through provision for credit losses expense. Future Accounting Pronouncements In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures , which eliminates the accounting guidance on TDRs and requires disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination. The guidance also updates the requirements related to accounting for credit losses under ASC Topic 326 and adds enhanced disclosures for creditors with respect to loan refinancing and restructuring for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2022 for entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13. The Company does not expect the adoption of that pronouncement to have a material impact on its financial statements. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging Portfolio Layer Method . The purpose of this updated guidance is to further align risk management objectives with hedge accounting results on the application of the last-of-layer method, which was first introduced in ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities . ASU 2022-01 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company does not expect the adoption of that pronouncement to have a material impact on its financial statements. Financial Condition Total assets were 9.6 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 7.2 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.4 billion, or 32.7 primarily due to the acquisitions of RCB and BOJH. At December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents decreased 650.2 million, compared to December 31, 2021, as excess cash liquidity was deployed into higher yielding investment securities and loans. At December 31, 2022, investment securities increased 57.0 million, or 4.4 , and total loans increased 2.7 billion, or 60.0 compared to December 31, 2021. Total loans increased 1.7 billion through the acquisitions of RCB and BOJH. During 2022, lower cost demand, savings and money market deposits transaction deposits increased 1.6 billion, or 29.8 , compared to the prior year, largely due to the acquisitions of RCB and BOJH and the continued development of full banking relationships with our clients. The increase in transaction deposits provided lower-cost funding utilized to fund loan growth. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Investment securities Available-for-sale Total investment securities available-for-sale were 706.3 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 691.8 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 14.4 million, or 2.1 . During 2022 and 2021, purchases of available-for-sale securities totaled 259.8 million and 288.6 million, respectively. Maturities and paydowns of available-for-sale securities during 2022 and 2021 totaled 141.9 million and 235.9 million, respectively. The Company sold 128.4 million of the available-for-sale securities acquired through the BOJH acquisition. The remaining BOJH available-for-sale portfolio was reclassified to held-to-maturity on Day 1. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during 2021. Available-for-sale investment securities are summarized as follows as of the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted Weighted Amortized Fair Percent of average Amortized Fair Percent of average cost value portfolio yield cost value portfolio yield Treasury securities 74,031 71,388 10.1 2.54 0.0 0.00 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 263,939 226,131 32.0 1.72 231,523 227,696 32.9 1.38 Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 478,866 405,926 57.5 1.69 467,490 461,334 66.7 1.47 Municipal securities 155 153 0.0 3.17 230 237 0.0 3.17 Corporate debt 2,000 1,920 0.3 5.87 2,000 2,111 0.3 5.80 Other securities 771 771 0.1 0.00 469 469 0.1 0.00 Total investment securities available-for-sale 819,762 706,289 100.0 1.79 701,712 691,847 100.0 1.46 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, nearly all the available-for-sale investment portfolio was primarily backed by mortgages. The residential mortgage pass-through securities portfolio is comprised of both fixed rate and adjustable rate Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC ), Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA and Government National Mortgage Association GNMA securities. The other mortgage-backed securities MBS are comprised of securities backed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA securities. Mortgage-backed securities may have actual maturities that differ from contractual maturities depending on the repayment characteristics and experience of the underlying financial instruments. The estimated weighted average life of the available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities portfolio was 5.4 years and 4.2 years at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This estimate is based on assumptions and actual results may differ. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the duration of the total available-for-sale investment portfolio was 4.4 years and 3.8 years, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, adjustable rate securities comprised 11.5 and 1.7 , respectively, of the available-for-sale mortgage-backed security portfolio. The remainder of the portfolio was comprised of fixed rate amortizing securities with 10 to 30 year contractual maturities, with a weighted average coupon of 1.75 per annum and 1.70 per annum at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The available-for-sale investment portfolio included 113.5 million of unrealized losses at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the available-for-sale investment portfolio included 3.4 million of unrealized gains and 13.3 million of unrealized losses. We believe any unrealized losses are a result of prevailing interest rates, and as such, we do not believe that any of the securities with unrealized losses were impaired. Management believes that default of the available-for-sale securities is highly unlikely. FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury securities have a long history of zero credit losses, an explicit guarantee by the U.S. government (although limited for FNMA and FHLMC securities) and yields that generally trade based on market views of prepayment and liquidity risk rather than credit risk. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Held-to-maturity At December 31, 2022, we held 651.5 million of held-to-maturity investment securities, compared to 609.0 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 42.5 million, or 7.0 . Purchases of held-to-maturity securities totaled 101.7 million and 397.8 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Maturities and paydowns of held-to-maturity securities totaled 133.4 million and 161.9 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company sold a portion of the available-for-sale securities acquired through the BOJH acquisition. The Company transferred the remaining 75.3 million of available-for-sale securities acquired through the BOJH acquisition to held-to-maturity. Held-to-maturity investment securities are summarized as follows as of the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted Weighted Amortized Fair Percent of average Amortized Fair Percent of average cost value portfolio yield cost value portfolio yield Treasury securities 49,045 47,629 7.5 3.14 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 339,815 298,816 52.2 2.29 312,916 309,614 51.4 1.56 Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 262,667 213,479 40.3 1.60 296,096 289,646 48.6 1.25 Total investment securities held-to-maturity 651,527 559,924 100.0 2.07 609,012 599,260 100.0 1.41 The residential mortgage pass-through and other residential MBS held-to-maturity investment portfolios are comprised of fixed rate FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA securities. The fair value of the held-to-maturity investment portfolio included 0.2 million of unrealized gains and 91.8 million of unrealized losses at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the held-to-maturity investment portfolio included 2.2 million of unrealized gains and 11.9 million of unrealized losses. The Company does not measure expected credit losses on a financial asset, or groups of financial assets, in which historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts results in an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero. Management evaluated held-to-maturity securities noting they are backed by loans guaranteed by either U.S. government agencies or U.S. government sponsored entities, and management believes that default is highly unlikely given this governmental backing and long history without credit losses. Additionally, management notes that yields on which the portfolio generally trades are based upon market views of prepayment and liquidity risk and not credit risk. The Company has no intention to sell the securities and believes it will not be required to sell the securities before the recovery of their amortized cost. Mortgage-backed securities may have actual maturities that differ from contractual maturities depending on the repayment characteristics and experience of the underlying financial instruments. The estimated weighted average expected life of the held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 6.0 years and 4.1 years, respectively. This estimate is based on assumptions and actual results may differ. The duration of the total held-to-maturity portfolio was 4.8 years and 3.8 years as of December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Non-marketable securities Non-marketable securities totaled 89.0 million and 50.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and included FRB stock, FHLB stock and other non-marketable securities. At December 31, 2022, the Company held 20.3 million of FHLB stock and 18.1 million of FRB stock for regulatory or debt facility purposes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, purchases of FHLB and FRB stock totaled 23.8 million, and FHLB and FRB stock from the acquisitions of RCB and BOJH totaled 4.0 million. Redemptions of FHLB stock totaled 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 4.0 million during 2022. At December 31, 2021, the Company held 0.7 million of FHLB stock and 13.9 million of FRB stock. There were no purchases of FHLB and FRB stock during 2021. These are restricted securities which, lacking a market, are carried at cost. The Company is not aware of any events or changes in circumstances that may have an adverse effect on the investments carried at cost. At December 31, 2022, other non-marketable securities totaled 50.7 million and consisted of equity method investments totaling 21.7 million and convertible preferred stock without readily determinable fair values totaling 29.0 million. At December 31, 2021, other non-marketable securities totaled 36.2 million and consisted of equity method investments totaling 14.2 million and convertible preferred stock without readily determinable fair values totaling 22.0 million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, purchases of other non-marketable securities totaled 13.5 million and 27.7 million, respectively. The Company continues to invest with fintech solution providers to support our digital ecosystem buildout, support our core bank products and offerings, and to leverage efficiencies and technological solutions in our shared services areas. Loans overview At December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio was comprised of new loans that we have originated and loans that were acquired in connection with our eight acquisitions to date. The Company added 537.7 million of loans to the acquired loan portfolio on September 1, 2022 from the acquisition of RCB and 1.2 billion of loans on October 1, 2022 from the acquisition of BOJH. As discussed in note 4 to our consolidated financial statements, under ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, all acquired loans are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition. The fair value for acquired loans at the time of acquisition is based on a variety of factors including discounted expected cash flows, adjusted for estimated prepayments and credit losses. In accordance with ASC 326, the fair value adjustment is recorded as premium or discount to the unpaid principal balance of each acquired loan. Loans that have been identified as having experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are PCD loans. The net premium or discount on PCD loans is adjusted by our allowance for credit losses recorded at the time of acquisition. The remaining net premium or discount is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using a level yield method. The net premium or discount on non-PCD loans, that includes credit quality and interest rate considerations, is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using a level yield method. The Company then records the necessary allowance for credit losses on the non-PCD loans through provision for credit losses expense. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 The table below shows the loan portfolio composition at the respective dates: 

December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Originated: Commercial: Commercial and industrial 1,841,313 1,479,895 24.4 Municipal and non-profit 959,305 928,705 3.3 Owner-occupied commercial real estate 656,361 503,663 30.3 Food and agribusiness 284,714 200,412 42.1 Total commercial 3,741,693 3,112,675 20.2 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 841,657 611,765 37.6 Residential real estate 827,030 616,135 34.2 Consumer 16,986 17,336 (2.0) Total originated 5,427,366 4,357,911 24.5 Acquired: Commercial: Commercial and industrial 183,522 16,252 >100 Municipal and non-profit 321 340 (5.6) Owner-occupied commercial real estate 256,979 29,973 >100 Food and agribusiness 69,265 3,177 >100 Total commercial 510,087 49,742 >100 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 854,393 52,964 >100 Residential real estate 424,251 52,521 >100 Consumer 4,372 245 >100 Total acquired 1,793,103 155,472 >100 Total loans 7,220,469 4,513,383 60.0 The Company maintains a granular and well-diversified loan portfolio with self-imposed concentration limits. The loan portfolio increased 2.7 billion, or 60.0 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Excluding loans totaling 537.7 million from the acquisition of RCB and 1.2 billion from the acquisition of BOJH, loans increased 980.9 million led by originated commercial loan growth of 629.0 million, or 20.2 . Our commercial and industrial loan portfolio is highly diversified across industry sectors and geography. As of December 31, 2022, there were no industry sectors representing more than 10 of our total loan portfolio. Key segments included government/non-profit loans of 559.9 million, or 7.8 of total loans, and health care/hospital loans of 402.8 million, or 5.6 of total loans. Non-owner occupied CRE loans were 169.5 of the Company s risk based capital, or 23.5 of total loans, and no specific property type comprised more than 5.0 of total loans. The Company maintains very little exposure to non-owner occupied CRE retail properties and office properties, comprising 2.0 and 1.6 of total loans, respectively. Multi-family loans totaled 214.8 million, or 3.0 of total loans as of December 31, 2022. When considering the loan portfolio in its entirety, 76.9 of loans were located within our footprint of Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho as of December 31, 2022, based on the domicile of the borrower or, in the case of collateral-dependent loans, the geographical location of the collateral. New loan origination is a direct result of our ability to recruit and retain top banking talent, connect with clients in our markets and provide needed services at competitive rates. Loan fundings totaled a record 2.0 billion over the past 12 months, led by commercial loan fundings of 1.2 billion. Fundings are defined as closed end funded loans and revolving lines 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 of credit advances net of any current period paydowns. Management utilizes this more conservative definition of fundings to better approximate the impact of fundings on loans outstanding and ultimately net interest income. The following tables represent new loan fundings during 2022 and 2021: 

Fourth quarter Third quarter Second quarter First quarter Total 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 177,693 201,106 152,550 169,168 700,517 Municipal and non-profit 20,393 20,845 81,428 49,906 172,572 Owner occupied commercial real estate 40,912 65,125 78,905 67,597 252,539 Food and agribusiness 28,518 76,293 (4,186) 18,620 119,245 Total commercial 267,516 363,369 308,697 305,291 1,244,873 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 133,271 166,739 88,612 63,416 452,038 Residential real estate 95,067 99,951 93,220 49,040 337,278 Consumer 1,396 1,505 1,989 1,904 6,794 Total 497,250 631,564 492,518 419,651 2,040,983 Included in the table above are net fundings under revolving lines of credit of 96,903, 124,834, 21,762 and 66,430 for the dates noted in the table above, respectively. 

Fourth quarter Third quarter Second quarter First quarter Total 2021 2021 2021 2021 2021 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 229,529 196,289 147,030 144,531 717,379 Municipal and non-profit 101,450 43,516 25,131 7,999 178,096 Owner occupied commercial real estate 28,914 53,445 48,225 27,093 157,677 Food and agribusiness 11,016 8,442 26,956 (10,104) 36,310 Total Commercial 370,909 301,692 247,342 169,519 1,089,462 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 46,128 55,392 58,532 49,195 209,247 Residential real estate 55,873 54,442 53,962 74,145 238,422 Consumer 2,524 1,810 2,267 1,353 7,954 Total 475,434 413,336 362,103 294,212 1,545,085 Included in the table above are net fundings (paydowns) under revolving lines of credit of 138,777, 29,154, 59,520 and 26,395) for the dates noted in the table above, respectively. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 The tables below show the contractual maturities of our loans for the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 Due within Due after 1 but Due after 5 but Due after 1 year within 5 years within 15 years 15 Years Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial 234,028 1,421,752 353,909 15,146 2,024,835 Municipal and non-profit 1,184 134,012 513,872 310,558 959,626 Owner occupied commercial real estate 61,598 261,305 478,104 112,333 913,340 Food and agribusiness 83,254 203,910 46,624 20,191 353,979 Total commercial 380,064 2,020,979 1,392,509 458,228 4,251,780 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 234,962 863,842 579,843 17,403 1,696,050 Residential real estate 72,035 169,024 372,638 637,584 1,251,281 Consumer 6,142 12,494 2,721 1 21,358 Total loans 693,203 3,066,339 2,347,711 1,113,216 7,220,469 

December 31, 2021 Due within Due after 1 but Due after 5 but Due after 1 year within 5 years within 15 years 15 Years Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial 143,152 1,119,195 226,793 7,007 1,496,147 Municipal and non-profit 23,827 112,022 559,493 233,703 929,045 Owner occupied commercial real estate 40,510 160,853 266,664 65,609 533,636 Food and agribusiness 79,507 107,799 11,193 5,090 203,589 Total commercial 286,996 1,499,869 1,064,143 311,409 3,162,417 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 200,042 316,473 147,783 431 664,729 Residential real estate 12,605 30,233 201,918 423,900 668,656 Consumer 3,504 11,507 2,570 17,581 Total loans 503,147 1,858,082 1,416,414 735,740 4,513,383 The stated interest rate (which excludes the effects of non-refundable loan origination and commitment fees, net of costs and the accretion of fair value marks) of total loans with maturities over one year is as follows at the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 Fixed Variable Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Balance average rate Balance average rate Balance average rate Commercial Commercial and industrial 726,568 4.62 1,064,239 7.00 1,790,807 6.04 Municipal and non-profit (1) 965,635 3.50 22,483 4.77 988,118 3.63 Owner occupied commercial real estate 417,675 4.51 434,066 6.00 851,741 5.33 Food and agribusiness 49,961 5.26 220,764 7.19 270,725 6.83 Total commercial 2,159,839 4.14 1,741,552 6.75 3,901,391 5.35 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 569,788 4.28 891,299 5.88 1,461,087 5.25 Residential real estate 500,170 3.75 679,075 4.88 1,179,245 4.40 Consumer 11,480 4.98 3,736 7.21 15,216 5.52 Total loans with > 1 year maturity 3,241,277 4.11 3,315,662 6.13 6,556,939 5.15 
 53 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2021 Fixed Variable Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Balance average rate Balance average rate Balance average rate Commercial Commercial and industrial 480,034 4.05 872,961 3.41 1,352,995 3.63 Municipal and non-profit (1) 881,339 3.37 23,879 2.76 905,218 3.35 Owner occupied commercial real estate 293,190 4.70 199,936 3.75 493,126 4.45 Food and agribusiness 49,303 5.21 74,779 3.95 124,082 4.45 Total commercial 1,703,866 3.88 1,171,555 3.49 2,875,421 3.72 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 214,463 4.28 250,224 3.51 464,687 3.86 Residential real estate 360,648 3.45 295,403 4.00 656,051 3.70 Consumer 11,567 4.37 2,510 3.52 14,077 4.21 Total loans with > 1 year maturity 2,290,544 3.85 1,719,692 3.58 4,010,236 3.74 

(1) Included in municipal and non-profit fixed rate loans are loans totaling 340,081 and 343,089 that have been swapped to variable rates at current market pricing at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in the municipal and non-profit segment are tax exempt loans totaling 772,908 and 746,508 with an FTE weighted average rate of 4.08 and 3.97 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Asset quality Asset quality is fundamental to our success and remains a strong point, driven by our disciplined adherence to our self-imposed concentration limits across industry sector and real estate property type. Accordingly, for the origination of loans, we have established a credit policy that allows for responsive, yet controlled lending with credit approval requirements that are scaled to loan size. Within the scope of the credit policy, each prospective loan is reviewed in order to determine the appropriateness and the adequacy of the loan characteristics and the security or collateral prior to making a loan. We have established underwriting standards and loan origination procedures that require appropriate documentation, including financial data and credit reports. For loans secured by real property, we require property appraisals, title insurance or a title opinion, hazard insurance and flood insurance, in each case where appropriate. Additionally, we have implemented procedures to timely identify loans that may become problematic in order to ensure the most beneficial resolution for the Company. Asset quality is monitored by our credit risk management department and evaluated based on quantitative and subjective factors such as the timeliness of contractual payments received. Additional factors that are considered, particularly with commercial loans over 500,000, include the financial condition and liquidity of individual borrowers and guarantors, if any, and the value of our collateral. To facilitate the oversight of asset quality, loans are categorized based on the number of days past due and on an internal risk rating system, and both are discussed in more detail below. Our internal risk rating system uses a series of grades which reflect our assessment of the credit quality of loans based on an analysis of the borrower s financial condition, liquidity and ability to meet contractual debt service requirements. Loans that are perceived to have acceptable risk are categorized as Pass loans. Special mention loans represent loans that have potential credit weaknesses that deserve close attention. Special mention loans include borrowers that have potential weaknesses or unwarranted risks that, unless corrected, may threaten the borrower s ability to meet debt service requirements. However, these borrowers are still believed to have the ability to respond to and resolve the financial issues that threaten their financial situation. Loans classified as Substandard have a well-defined credit weakness and are inadequately protected by the current paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Although these loans are identified as potential problem loans, they may never become non-performing. Substandard loans have a distinct possibility of loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful loans are loans that management believes that collection of payments in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement are highly questionable and improbable. Doubtful loans are deemed impaired and put on non-accrual status. In the event of borrower default, we may seek recovery in compliance with state lending laws, the respective loan agreements, and credit monitoring and remediation procedures that may include modifying or restructuring a loan from its 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 original terms, for economic or legal reasons, to provide a concession to the borrower from their original terms due to borrower financial difficulties in order to facilitate repayment. Such restructured loans are considered TDRs in accordance with ASC 310-40. Assets that have been foreclosed on or acquired through deed-in-lieu of foreclosure are classified as OREO until sold, and are carried at the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell, with any initial valuation adjustments charged to the ACL and any subsequent declines in carrying value charged to impairments on OREO. Non-performing assets and past due loans Non-performing assets consist of non-accrual loans and OREO. Interest income that would have been recorded had non-accrual loans performed in accordance with their original contract terms during 2022 and 2021 was 0.7 million and 0.8 million, respectively. Past due status is monitored as an indicator of credit deterioration. Loans are considered past due or delinquent when the contractual principal or interest due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement remains unpaid after the due date of the scheduled payment. Loans that are 90 days or more past due are put on non-accrual status unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. The following table sets forth the non-performing assets and past due loans as of the dates presented: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 Non-accrual loans: Non-accrual loans, excluding restructured loans 14,034 8,466 12,190 16,894 21,017 Restructured loans on non-accrual 2,478 2,366 8,197 4,854 3,439 Non-performing loans 16,512 10,832 20,387 21,748 24,456 OREO 3,731 7,005 4,730 7,300 10,596 Other repossessed assets 17 Total non-performing assets 20,243 17,837 25,134 29,048 35,052 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing interest 2,986 1,687 968 6,349 5,066 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest 95 420 162 1,662 1,047 Non-accrual loans 16,512 10,832 20,387 21,748 24,456 Total past due and non-accrual loans 19,593 12,939 21,517 29,759 30,569 Accruing restructured loans 4,654 7,186 13,945 6,885 5,944 Allowance for credit losses 89,553 49,694 59,777 39,064 35,692 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.23 0.24 0.47 0.49 0.60 Total 90 days past due and still accruing interest and non-accrual loans to total loans 0.23 0.25 0.47 0.53 0.62 Total non-performing assets to total loans and OREO 0.28 0.39 0.58 0.66 0.85 ACL to non-performing loans 542.35 458.77 293.21 179.62 145.94 During 2022, total non-performing loans increased 5.7 million, from December 31, 2021, primarily driven by the inclusion of the RCB and BOJH portfolios. During 2022, accruing TDRs decreased 2.5 million, or 35.2 . OREO decreased 3.3 million, or 46.7 , to 3.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. Total non-performing assets to total loans and OREO decreased 11 basis points to 0.28 at December 31, 2022. Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing interest increased 1.3 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, and loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest decreased 0.3 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for credit losses The ACL represents the amount that we believe is necessary to absorb estimated lifetime credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date and involves a high degree of judgment and complexity. On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments which replaced the incurred loss methodology for recognizing credit losses with a CECL model. The Company utilizes a DCF model developed within a third-party software tool to establish expected lifetime credit losses for the loan portfolio. The ACL is calculated as the difference between the amortized cost basis and the projections from the DCF analysis. The DCF model allows for individual life of loan cash flow modeling, excluding extensions and renewals, using loan-specific interest rates and repayment schedules including estimated prepayment rates and loss recovery timing delays. The model incorporates forecasts of certain national macro-economic factors, including unemployment rates, home price index HPI ), retail sales and gross domestic product GDP ), which drive correlated loss rates. The determination and application of the ACL accounting policy involves judgments, estimates and uncertainties that are subject to change. For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period, we revert to historical long-term average loss rates on a straight-line basis. We measure expected credit losses for loans on a pooled basis when similar risk characteristics exist. We have identified four primary loan segments within the ACL model that are further stratified into 11 loan classes to provide more granularity in analyzing loss history and to allow for more definitive qualitative adjustments based upon specific risk factors affecting each loan class. Generally, the underlying risk of loss for each of these loan segments will follow certain norms/trends in various economic environments. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis and are not included in the collective evaluation. Following are the loan classes within each of the four primary loan segments: 

Non-owner occupied Commercial commercial real estate Residential real estate Consumer Commercial and industrial Construction Senior lien Consumer Owner occupied commercial real estate Acquisition and development Junior lien Food and agribusiness Multifamily Municipal and non-profit Non-owner occupied Loans on non-accrual, in bankruptcy and TDRs with a balance greater than 250,000 are excluded from the pooled analysis and are evaluated individually. If management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are evaluated based on the criteria listed below, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. Typically, these loans consist of commercial, commercial real estate and agriculture loans and exclude homogeneous loans such as residential real estate and consumer loans. Specific allowances are determined by collectively analyzing: 

the borrower s resources, ability and willingness to repay in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement; the likelihood of receiving financial support from any guarantors; the adequacy and present value of future cash flows, less disposal costs, of any collateral; and the impact current economic conditions may have on the borrower s financial condition and liquidity or the value of the collateral. 
 The collective resulting ACL for loans is calculated as the sum of the general reserves, specific reserves on individually evaluated loans, and qualitative factor adjustments. While these amounts are calculated by individual loan or on a pool basis by segment and class, the entire ACL is available for any loan that, in our judgment, should be charged-off. The determination and application of the ACL accounting policy involves judgments, estimates, and uncertainties that are subject to change. Changes in these assumptions, estimates or the conditions surrounding them may have a material impact on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Net charge-offs on loans during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 1.8 million, or 0.03 of total loans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an increase in the allowance for credit losses of 39.9 million, which included a 21.2 million provision expense as a Day 1 allowance reserve for the RCB and BOJH portfolios and a 6.2 million credit allowance for Day 1 PCD loans. The remainder of the provision expense during the year was driven by strong loan growth and higher reserve requirements from changes in the CECL model s underlying macro-economic forecast. Specific reserves on loans totaled 5.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Net charge-offs on loans during the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 1.3 million, or 0.03 of total loans. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses totaled 49.7 million, which included a provision release of 8.8 million for funded loans. The provision release was driven by strong asset quality and an improved outlook in the CECL model s underlying economic forecast. Specific reserves on loans totaled 1.6 million at December 31, 2021. The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest receivable AIR from the ACL calculation. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, AIR totaled 31.8 million and 15.7 million, respectively, from total loans. The increase in AIR was driven by originated loan growth and the acquired loan portfolios. When a loan is placed on non-accrual, any recorded AIR is reversed against interest income. Total ACL After considering the above mentioned factors, we believe that the ACL of 89.6 million is adequate to cover estimated lifetime losses inherent in the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. However, it is likely that future adjustments to the ACL will be necessary. Any changes to the underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates, including but not limited to changes in the underlying macro-economic forecast, used in determining the ACL, could negatively or positively affect the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. The following schedule presents, by class stratification, the changes in the ACL during the years listed: 

As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 Total loans NCOs (1) Total loans NCOs (1) Total loans NCOs (1) Total loans NCOs (1) Total loans NCOs (1) Beginning balance 49,694 59,777 39,064 35,692 31,264 Cumulative effect adjustment (2) 5,836 Day 1 CECL provision expense 21,228 PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition 6,238 Charge-offs: Commercial (1,340) 0.02 (1,171) 0.02 (2,023) 0.04 (7,422) 0.17 (895) 0.00 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 0.00 0.00 (412) 0.01 (116) 0.00 (11) 0.00 Residential real estate (2) 0.00 (24) 0.00 (67) 0.00 (124) 0.00 (118) 0.00 Consumer (845) 0.01 (621) 0.01 (726) 0.01 (937) 0.02 (1,134) 0.02 Total charge-offs (2,187) (1,816) (3,228) (8,599) (2,158) Recoveries 385 552 571 328 1,389 Net charge-offs (1,802) 0.03 (1,264) 0.03 (2,657) 0.06 (8,271) 0.19 (769) 0.02 Provision expense (release) for credit losses 14,195 (8,819) 17,534 11,643 5,197 Ending allowance for credit losses 89,553 49,694 59,777 39,064 35,692 Ratio of ACL to total loans outstanding at period end 1.24 1.10 1.37 0.88 0.87 Ratio of ACL to total non-performing loans at period end 542.35 458.77 293.21 179.62 145.94 Total loans 7,220,469 4,513,383 4,353,726 4,415,406 4,092,308 Average total loans outstanding during the period 5,349,916 4,358,707 4,578,894 4,288,226 3,819,603 Non-performing loans 16,512 10,832 20,387 21,748 24,456 

(1) Ratio of net charge-offs to average total loans. (2) Related to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 At their respective acquisition dates, RCB had 2.1 million and BOJH had 0.5 million of previously charged off loans for which the Company continued to have contractual rights to the cash flows. In accordance with ASC Topic 326, PCD loan accounting is to be applied by the acquirer whereby an allowance for credit losses should be recorded for this subset of loans at the acquisition date, and if deemed non-collectible, the loans are to be fully charged off on the acquirer s books. Such amounts were fully reserved for, charged off on the acquisition date and excluded from the table above. The following tables present the allocation of the ACL and the percentage of the total amount of loans in each loan category listed as of the dates presented: 

December 31, 2022 ACL as a Total loans of total loans Related ACL of total ACL Commercial 4,251,780 58.9 37,608 42.0 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 1,696,050 23.5 32,050 35.8 Residential real estate 1,251,281 17.3 19,306 21.5 Consumer 21,358 0.3 589 0.7 Total 7,220,469 100.0 89,553 100.0 

December 31, 2021 ACL as a Total loans of total loans Related ACL of total ACL Commercial 3,162,417 70.1 31,256 62.9 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 664,729 14.7 10,033 20.2 Residential real estate 668,656 14.8 8,056 16.2 Consumer 17,581 0.4 349 0.7 Total 4,513,383 100.0 49,694 100.0 

December 31, 2020 ACL as a Total loans of total loans Related ACL of total ACL Commercial 3,044,065 70.0 30,376 50.8 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 631,996 14.5 17,448 29.2 Residential real estate 658,659 15.1 11,492 19.2 Consumer 19,006 0.4 461 0.8 Total 4,353,726 100.0 59,777 100.0 

December 31, 2019 ACL as a Total loans of total loans Related ACL of total ACL Commercial 2,992,307 67.8 30,442 77.9 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 630,906 14.3 4,850 12.4 Residential real estate 770,417 17.4 3,468 8.9 Consumer 21,776 0.5 304 0.8 Total 4,415,406 100.0 39,064 100.0 

December 31, 2018 ACL as a Total loans of total loans Related ACL of total ACL Commercial 2,644,571 64.6 27,137 76.1 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 592,212 14.5 4,406 12.3 Residential real estate 830,815 20.3 3,800 10.6 Consumer 24,710 0.6 349 1.0 Total 4,092,308 100.0 35,692 100.0 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Deposits Deposits from banking clients serve as a primary funding source for our banking operations and our ability to gather and manage deposit levels is critical to our success. Deposits not only provide a lower-cost funding source for our loans, but also provide a foundation for the client relationships that are critical to future loan growth. The following table presents information regarding our deposit composition at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Increase (decrease) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount Change Non-interest bearing demand deposits 3,134,716 39.9 2,506,265 40.2 628,451 25.1 Interest bearing demand deposits 913,852 11.6 555,401 8.9 358,451 64.5 Savings accounts 885,488 11.2 774,559 12.4 110,929 14.3 Money market accounts 2,065,170 26.2 1,558,032 25.0 507,138 32.5 Total transaction deposits 6,999,226 88.9 5,394,257 86.5 1,604,969 29.8 Time deposits 670,197 8.5 703,741 11.4 (33,544) (4.8) Time deposits > 250,000 203,203 2.6 130,175 2.1 73,028 56.1 Total time deposits 873,400 11.1 833,916 13.5 39,484 4.7 Total deposits 7,872,626 100.0 6,228,173 100.0 1,644,453 26.4 The following table shows uninsured time deposits by scheduled maturity as of December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 Three months or less 13,477 Over 3 months through 6 months 24,567 Over 6 months through 12 months 37,800 Thereafter 95,926 Total uninsured time deposits 171,770 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, time deposits that were scheduled to mature within 12 months totaled 469.8 million and 555.4 million, respectively. Of the time deposits scheduled to mature within 12 months at December 31, 2022, 98.2 million were in denominations of 250,000 or more, and 371.6 million were in denominations less than 250,000. Long-term debt The Company holds a subordinated note purchase agreement to issue and sell a fixed-to-floating rate note totaling 40.0 million. The balance on the note at December 31, 2022, net of long-term debt issuance costs totaling 0.5 million, totaled 39.5 million. Interest expense totaling 1.3 million and 0.2 million was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The note is subordinated, unsecured and matures on November 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the note is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at 3.00 per annum until November 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From November 15, 2026 until November 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in arrears, and the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 203 basis points. The Company deployed the net proceeds from the sale of the note for general corporate purposes. Prior to November 5, 2026, the Company may redeem the note only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on November 5, 2026 through maturity, the note may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the note being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the note being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The note is not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. As part of the acquisition of BOJH on October 1, 2022, the Company assumed three subordinated note purchase agreements to issue and sell fixed-to-floating rates totaling 15.0 million. The balance on the notes at December 31, 2022, net of a fair 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 value adjustment related to the acquisition totaling 0.6 million, totaled 14.4 million. Interest expense related to the notes totaling 0.2 million was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The three notes, containing similar terms, are subordinated, unsecured and mature on June 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at 3.75 per annum until June 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From June 15, 2026 until June 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in arrears, and the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 306 basis points. Prior to June 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the notes only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on June 15, 2026 through maturity, the notes may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Other borrowings As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold securities under agreements to repurchase totaling 20.2 million and 22.8 million, respectively. In addition, as a member of the FHLB, the Company has access to a line of credit and term financing from the FHLB with total available credit of 1.1 billion at December 31, 2022. The Company may utilize its FHLB line of credit as a funding mechanism for originated loans and loans held for sale. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 385.0 million of outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. At December 31, 2021, the Company had no outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. The Company may pledge investment securities and loans as collateral for FHLB advances. There were no investment securities pledged at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Loans pledged were 2.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.3 billion at December 31, 2021. The Company incurred 1.7 million of interest expense related to FHLB advances or other short-term borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022. Regulatory Capital Our subsidiary banks and the holding company are subject to the regulatory capital adequacy requirements of the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC, as applicable. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly further discretionary actions by regulators that could have a material adverse effect on us. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our subsidiary banks and the consolidated holding company exceeded all capital ratio requirements under prompt corrective action and other regulatory requirements, as further detailed in note 15 of our consolidated financial statements. Results of Operations Our net income depends largely on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest earning assets and interest expense on interest bearing liabilities. Our results of operations are also affected by provisions for credit losses and non-interest income, such as service charges, bank card income, swap fee income, and gain on sale of mortgages. Our primary operating expenses, aside from interest expense, consist of salaries and benefits, occupancy costs, telecommunications data processing expense, and intangible asset amortization. Any expenses related to the resolution of problem assets are also included in non-interest expense. Overview of results of operations Net income totaled 71.3 million, or 2.18 per diluted share, during 2022, compared to net income of 93.6 million, or 3.01 per diluted share, during 2021. Adjusting for acquisition-related provision expense and non-recurring acquisition-related expenses of 36.8 million during 2022, adjusted net income totaled 99.6 million or 3.05 per diluted share, during the year ended December 31, 2022. The return on average tangible assets was 0.95 and 1.37 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the return on average tangible common equity was 9.91 and 12.87 , respectively. Adjusting for acquisition-related expenses, the return on average tangible assets was 1.32 and the return on average tangible common equity was a record 13.75 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increases in the Federal Reserve s interest rates are driving higher loan yields. The increasing interest rates, in combination with our strong originated loan 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 growth and growth from our acquisitions resulted in increasing levels of net interest income. However, the rise in interest rates in 2022 has resulted in lower mortgage banking income. Net interest income We regularly review net interest income metrics to provide us with indicators of how the various components of net interest income are performing. We regularly review: (i) our loan mix and the yield on loans; (ii) the investment portfolio and the related yields; (iii) our deposit mix and the cost of deposits; and (iv) net interest income simulations for various forecast periods. The effects of trade-date accounting of investment securities for which the cash had not settled are not considered interest earning assets and are excluded from this presentation for time frames prior to their cash settlement, as are the market value adjustments on the investment securities available-for-sale and loans. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 The table below presents the components of net interest income on a FTE basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

For the year ended For the year ended For the year ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Average balance Interest Average rate Average balance Interest Average rate Average balance Interest Average rate Interest earning assets: Originated loans FTE (1)(2)(3) 4,767,713 218,561 4.58 4,129,684 164,527 3.98 4,237,091 171,592 4.05 Acquired loans 594,222 40,060 6.74 202,174 17,340 8.58 299,901 27,909 9.31 Loans held for sale 58,788 2,563 4.36 178,373 5,110 2.86 185,182 5,628 3.04 Investment securities available-for-sale 839,872 15,091 1.80 667,859 10,014 1.50 591,870 11,406 1.93 Investment securities held-to-maturity 604,423 9,109 1.51 576,343 7,311 1.27 248,006 5,099 2.06 Other securities 17,598 1,034 5.88 15,032 838 5.57 26,903 1,157 4.30 Interest earning deposits 426,137 3,782 0.89 751,835 986 0.13 206,911 314 0.15 Total interest earning assets FTE (2) 7,308,753 290,200 3.97 6,521,300 206,126 3.16 5,795,864 223,105 3.85 Cash and due from banks 90,657 78,979 74,461 Other assets 490,206 472,775 511,721 Allowance for credit losses (59,824) (52,943) (55,778) Total assets 7,829,792 7,020,111 6,326,268 Interest bearing liabilities: Interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits 3,235,834 9,347 0.29 2,772,091 6,240 0.23 2,730,857 8,605 0.32 Time deposits 826,293 5,249 0.64 914,837 7,362 0.80 1,038,107 15,024 1.45 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 21,298 43 0.20 20,338 23 0.11 28,585 132 0.46 Long-term debt, net 43,048 1,519 3.53 6,200 196 3.16 0.00 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 40,870 1,695 4.15 0.00 95,418 1,295 1.36 Total interest bearing liabilities 4,167,343 17,853 0.43 3,713,466 13,821 0.37 3,892,967 25,056 0.64 Demand deposits 2,652,561 2,355,171 1,497,940 Other liabilities 105,507 104,935 147,075 Total liabilities 6,925,411 6,173,572 5,537,982 Shareholders equity 904,381 846,539 788,286 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 7,829,792 7,020,111 6,326,268 Net interest income FTE (2) 272,347 192,305 198,049 Interest rate spread FTE (2) 3.54 2.79 3.21 Net interest earning assets 3,141,410 2,807,834 1,902,897 Net interest margin FTE (2) 3.73 2.95 3.42 Average transaction deposits 5,888,395 5,127,262 4,228,797 Average total deposits 6,714,688 6,042,099 5,266,904 Ratio of average interest earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 175.38 175.61 148.88 

(1) Originated loans are net of deferred loan fees, less costs, which are included in interest income over the life of the loan. (2) Presented on an FTE basis using the statutory tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 5,512, 5,161 and 5,103 for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (3) Loan fees included in interest income totaled 9,453, 18,207 and 15,713 during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net interest income totaled 266.8 million, 187.1 million and 192.9 million during the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net interest income on an FTE basis totaled 272.3 million, 192.3 million and 198.0 million during the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the FTE net interest margin widened 78 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 basis points to 3.73 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The yield on earning assets increased 81 basis points to 3.97 , primarily driven by multiple increases in the federal funds rate since March 2022 as well as excess cash being deployed into higher-yielding originated loans and investment securities. The cost of funds increased three basis points to 0.26 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Average loans comprised 5.4 billion, or 73.4 , of total average interest earning assets during 2022, compared to 4.3 billion, or 66.4 , during 2021. The increase in average loan balances was largely driven by a 638.0 million increase in average originated loans. Average acquired loans increased 392.0 million as a result of the RCB and BOJH acquisitions. Average investment securities comprised 19.8 and 19.1 of total interest earning assets during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Average interest bearing cash balances totaled 426.1 million during 2022, compared to 751.8 million during 2021 as the excess cash liquidity has been deployed into higher-yielding earning assets. Average balances of interest bearing liabilities increased 453.9 million during 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was driven by interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits totaling 463.7 million, FHLB advances totaling 40.9 million, long-term debt totaling 36.8 million and securities sold under agreements to repurchase totaling 1.0 million. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in average time deposits totaling 88.5 million. The RCB acquisition added 0.7 billion of total deposits, including 0.6 billion of transaction deposits and 0.1 billion of time deposits on September 1, 2022. The BOJH acquisition added 1.4 billion of total deposits, including 1.3 billion of transaction deposits and 0.1 billion of time deposits on October 1, 2022. Total interest expense related to interest bearing liabilities was 17.9 million and 13.8 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, at an average cost of 0.43 and 0.37 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the cost of deposits decreased one basis point to 0.22 during 2022, compared to 2021. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the changes in net interest income on an FTE basis by major category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, identifying changes related to volume and changes related to rates for 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

The year ended December 31, 2022 The year ended December 31, 2021 compared to compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 the year ended December 31, 2020 Increase (decrease) due to Increase (decrease) due to Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Interest income: Originated loans FTE (1)(2)(3) 29,248 24,786 54,034 (4,279) (2,786) (7,065) Acquired loans 26,430 (3,710) 22,720 (8,382) (2,187) (10,569) Loans held for sale (5,214) 2,667 (2,547) (195) (323) (518) Investment securities available-for-sale 3,091 1,986 5,077 1,139 (2,531) (1,392) Investment securities held-to-maturity 423 1,375 1,798 4,165 (1,953) 2,212 Other securities 151 45 196 (662) 343 (319) Interest earning deposits (2,891) 5,687 2,796 715 (43) 672 Total interest income 51,238 32,836 84,074 (7,499) (9,480) (16,979) Interest expense: Interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits 1,340 1,767 3,107 93 (2,458) (2,365) Time deposits (562) (1,551) (2,113) (992) (6,670) (7,662) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 2 18 20 (9) (100) (109) Long-term debt, net 1,300 23 1,323 196 196 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 1,695 1,695 (1,295) (1,295) Total interest expense 3,775 257 4,032 (712) (10,523) (11,235) Net change in net interest income 47,463 32,579 80,042 (6,787) 1,043 (5,744) 

(1) Originated loans are net of deferred loan fees, less costs, which are included in interest income over the life of the loan. (2) Presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis using the statutory tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 5,512, 5,161 and 5,103 for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (3) Loan fees included in interest income totaled 9,453, 18,207 and 15,713 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Below is a breakdown of average deposits and the average rates paid during the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended For the years ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Average Average Average Average Average rate Average rate Average rate Average rate balance paid balance paid balance paid balance paid Non-interest bearing demand 3,142,296 0.00 2,459,063 0.00 2,652,561 0.00 2,355,171 0.00 Interest bearing demand 939,973 0.53 547,740 0.17 678,151 0.32 548,612 0.20 Money market accounts 2,115,876 0.53 1,549,844 0.25 1,744,797 0.33 1,506,274 0.27 Savings accounts 890,724 0.21 749,978 0.16 812,886 0.17 717,205 0.16 Time deposits 892,122 0.91 851,779 0.61 826,293 0.64 914,837 0.80 Total average deposits 7,980,991 0.33 6,158,404 0.18 6,714,688 0.22 6,042,099 0.23 Provision for credit losses The provision for loan losses represents the amount of expense that is necessary to bring the ACL to a level that we deem appropriate to absorb estimated lifetime losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The determination of the ACL, and the resultant provision for credit losses, is subjective and involves significant estimates and assumptions. The allowance for credit losses totaled 1.24 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to the allowance for credit losses of 1.10 at December 31, 2021. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 The Company recorded a credit loss provision expense of 36.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which included 21.7 million of Day 1 reserve funding for the RCB and BOJH loan portfolios. The remainder of the provision expense was driven by strong loan growth and higher reserve requirements from changes in the CECL model s underlying macro-economic forecast. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a provision release of 9.3 million, which included a provision release of 8.8 million for funded loans and a provision release of 0.5 million for unfunded loan commitments, driven by strong asset quality and an improved outlook in the CECL model s underlying economic forecast. Non-interest income The table below details the components of non-interest income for the years presented: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Increase (decrease) Increase (decrease) 2022 2021 2020 Amount Change Amount Change Service charges 16,357 14,894 14,962 1,463 9.8 (68) (0.5) Bank card fees 18,299 17,693 15,446 606 3.4 2,247 14.5 Mortgage banking income 23,774 63,360 102,384 (39,586) (62.5) (39,024) (38.1) Bank-owned life insurance income 2,272 2,208 2,360 64 2.9 (152) (6.4) Other non-interest income 6,603 12,174 4,719 (5,571) (45.8) 7,455 >100.0 OREO-related income 7 35 387 (28) (80.0) (352) (91.0) Total non-interest income 67,312 110,364 140,258 (43,052) (39.0) (29,894) (21.3) Non-interest income totaled 67.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 110.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by 39.6 million lower mortgage banking income due to slower refinance activity in 2022 and competition driving tighter gain on sale margins. The year ended December 31, 2021 included a 1.3 million gain from the sale of mortgage servicing rights included in mortgage banking income. Other non-interest income decreased 5.6 million primarily due to market adjustments on company-owned life insurance, lower unrealized gains on equity method investments and non-recurring banking center consolidation-related income included in 2021. Service charges and bank card fees increased a combined 2.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, due to the growth in our deposit base and changes in consumer behavior. Non-interest expense The table below details the components of non-interest expense for the years presented: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Increase (decrease) Increase (decrease) 2022 2021 2020 Amount Change Amount Change Salaries and benefits 124,971 127,504 141,170 (2,533) (2.0) (13,666) (9.7) Occupancy and equipment 31,496 25,283 27,473 6,213 24.6 (2,190) (8.0) Data processing 12,657 9,310 9,042 3,347 36.0 268 3.0 Marketing and business development 3,821 2,509 2,802 1,312 52.3 (293) (10.5) FDIC deposit insurance 2,121 1,850 1,168 271 14.6 682 58.4 Bank card expenses 5,480 5,177 4,388 303 5.9 789 18.0 Professional fees 14,418 5,423 2,946 8,995 165.9 2,477 84.1 Other non-interest expense 14,332 10,414 10,547 3,918 37.6 (133) (1.3) Problem asset workout 248 2,063 3,148 (1,815) (88.0) (1,085) (34.5) Gain on OREO sales, net (648) (475) (38) (173) 36.4 (437) >100.0 Core deposit intangible asset amortization 2,338 1,183 1,183 1,155 97.6 0.0 Banking center consolidation-related expense 1,589 2,348 (1,589) (100.0) (759) (32.3) Total non-interest expense 211,234 191,830 206,177 19,404 10.1 (14,347) (7.0) During the year ended December 31, 2022, non-interest expense increased 19.4 million, or 10.1 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The year ended December 31, 2022 included 15.1 million of non-recurring acquisition-related expenses with 8.2 million included in professional fees, 1.7 million included in salaries and benefits, 2.1 million included in data processing, 1.6 million included in occupancy and equipment, 0.9 million included in other non-interest expense 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 and 0.6 million included in marketing and business development. Compared to 2021, our on-going operating expenses increased driven by growth from our recent acquisitions. Excluding non-recurring acquisition-related expenses, occupancy and equipment increased 4.6 million, data processing increased 1.2 million, core deposit and wealth management intangible assets amortization increased 1.2 million, professional fees increased 0.8 million and other non-interest expense increased 3.0 million. Partially offsetting these increases was a 0.8 million decrease in salaries and benefits as the decrease in mortgage banking-related compensation more than offset additional expense for the RCB and BOJH associates. The year ended December 31, 2022 included 4.3 million for continued investment in our digital platform 2UniFi SM , and the year ended December 31, 2021 included banking center consolidation-related expense of 1.6 million. Income taxes Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 740. Under this guidance, deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities given the provisions of enacted tax laws. ASC Topic 740 requires the establishment of a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax asset unless it is more-likely-than-not that the tax benefit of the deferred tax asset will be realized. For purposes of projecting whether the deferred tax asset will be realized, we consider tax regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, estimates of future taxable income, and available tax planning strategies. If tax regulations, operating results, or the ability to implement tax planning strategies varies, adjustments to the carrying value of the deferred tax assets may be required. We believe that it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. Income tax expense totaled 14.9 million during 2022, compared to 21.4 million during 2021. The decrease in income tax expense was driven by the lower taxable income due to 2022 s acquisition-related expenses. Included in income tax expense was 0.3 million and 0.6 million of tax benefit from stock compensation activity during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Adjusting for the stock compensation activity, the effective tax rate for 2022 was 17.6 compared to an adjusted rate of 19.1 for 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our marginal tax rate (the rate we pay on each incremental dollar of earnings) was approximately 23 . However, our effective tax rate (income tax expense divided by income before income taxes) for a given period differs from our marginal rate largely due to income and expense items that are non-taxable or non-deductible in the calculation of income tax expense. The lower effective tax rate compared to the federal statutory tax rate was primarily due to interest income from tax-exempt lending, bank-owned life insurance income, and the relationship of these items to pre-tax income. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Liquidity is monitored and managed to ensure that sufficient funds are available to operate our business and pay our obligations to depositors and other creditors, while providing ample available funds for opportunistic and strategic investments. Management believes that the Company s excess cash, borrowing capacity and access to sufficient sources of capital are adequate to meet its short-term and long-term liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, prepayments and maturities of loans and investment securities, the sale of investment securities, and funds provided from operations. We anticipate having access to other third party funding sources, including the ability to raise funds through FHLB advances, issuance of debt, federal funds purchased, and the issuance of shares of our common stock or other equity or equity-related securities, that may also be a source of liquidity. We anticipate that these sources of liquidity will provide adequate funding and liquidity for at least a 12-month period, and we may utilize any combination of these funding sources for long-term liquidity needs if deemed prudent. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 On-balance sheet liquidity is represented by our cash and cash equivalents and unencumbered investment securities, and is detailed in the table below as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and due from banks 194,756 845,195 Interest bearing bank deposits 749 500 Unencumbered investment securities, at fair value 476,250 781,166 Total 671,755 1,626,861 Total on-balance sheet liquidity decreased 954.9 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The decrease was due to 304.9 million lower unencumbered available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities balances and lower cash and due from banks of 650.4 million as excess cash liquidity was deployed into higher earning investment securities and loans. At present, financing activities primarily consist of changes in deposits and repurchase agreements, and advances from the FHLB, in addition to the payment of dividends and the repurchase of our common stock. Maturing time deposits represent a potential use of funds. As of December 31, 2022, 469.8 million of time deposits were scheduled to mature within 12 months. Based on the current interest rate environment and market conditions, our consumer banking strategy is to focus on lower cost transaction accounts and time deposits. During 2021, the Company entered into a subordinated note purchase agreement to issue and sell a fixed-to-floating note. The Company deployed the net proceeds from the sale of the note for general corporate purposes. The note is not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Additionally, as part of the acquisition of BOJH on October 1, 2022, the Company assumed three subordinated note purchase agreements to issue and sell fixed-to-floating rate notes. Through our relationship with the FHLB, the Company may pledge qualifying loans and investment securities allowing us to obtain additional liquidity through FHLB advances and lines of credit. There were no investment securities pledged at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company had loans of 2.0 billion and 1.3 billion pledged as collateral for FHLB advances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. FHLB advances, lines of credit and other short-term borrowing availability totaled 1.1 billion at December 31, 2022. The Company can obtain additional liquidity through the FHLB facility, if required, and also has access to federal funds lines of credit with correspondent banks. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 385.0 million of outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. Our primary uses of funds are loan fundings, investment security purchases, withdrawals of deposits, settlement of repurchase agreements, capital expenditures, operating expenses, and share repurchases. For additional information regarding our operating, investing and financing cash flows, see our consolidated statements of cash flows in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Exclusive from the investing activities related to acquisitions, our primary investing activities are loan fundings and pay-offs and paydowns of loans and purchases and sales of investment securities. At December 31, 2022, pledgeable investment securities represented a significant source of liquidity. Our available-for-sale investment securities are carried at fair value and our held-to-maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. Our collective investment securities portfolio totaled 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022, inclusive of pre-tax net unrealized losses of 113.5 million on the available-for-sale securities portfolio. Additionally, our held-to-maturity securities portfolio had 91.6 million of pre-tax net unrealized losses at December 31, 2022. The gross unrealized gains and losses are detailed in note 5 of our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, our investment securities portfolio consisted primarily of MBS, all of which were issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises. The anticipated repayments and marketability of these securities offer substantial resources and flexibility to meet new loan demand, reinvest in the investment securities portfolio, or provide optionality for reductions in our deposit funding base. We enter into contractual obligations that require a future cash settlement. These may include operating lease obligations, purchase obligations, time deposits and issuance of long-term debt. For the year ended December 31, 2022, contractual obligations totaled 967.5 million with 495.4 million estimated to be paid within one year. Included within those contractual obligations were time deposits totaling 873.4 million, with 469.8 million of that estimated to be paid within one year. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Capital Under the Basel III requirements, at December 31, 2022, the Company and the Banks met all capital adequacy requirements, and the Banks had regulatory capital ratios in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions. For more information on regulatory capital, see note 15 in our consolidated financial statements. Our shareholders equity is impacted by earnings, changes in unrealized gains and losses on securities, net of tax, stock-based compensation activity, share repurchases, shares issued in connection with acquisitions and the payment of dividends. The Board of Directors has from time to time authorized multiple programs to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock either in open market or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable regulations of the SEC. On February 24, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to 75.0 million of the Company s stock. The remaining authorization under the program as of December 31, 2022 was 38.6 million. On January 19, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.25 per common share, payable on March 15, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 24, 2023. Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for managing interest rate risk and employing risk management policies that monitor and limit this exposure. Interest rate risk is measured using net interest income simulations and market value of portfolio equity analyses. These analyses use various assumptions, including the nature and timing of interest rate changes, yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, and reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows. The principal objective of the Company s asset and liability management function is to evaluate the interest rate risk within the balance sheet and pursue a controlled assumption of interest rate risk while maximizing earnings and preserving adequate levels of liquidity and capital. The asset and liability management function is under the guidance of the Asset Liability Committee with direction from the Board of Directors. The Asset Liability Committee meets monthly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of the Company s assets and liabilities to interest rate changes, local and national market conditions and rates. The Asset Liability Committee also reviews the liquidity, capital, deposit mix, loan mix and investment positions of the Company. Instantaneous parallel rate shift scenarios are modeled and utilized to evaluate risk and establish exposure limits for acceptable changes in net interest margin. These scenarios, known as rate shocks, simulate an instantaneous change in interest rates and utilize various assumptions, including, but not limited to, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, reinvestment and replacement of asset and liability cash flows. We also analyze the economic value of equity as a secondary measure of interest rate risk. This is a complementary measure to net interest income where the calculated value is the result of the market value of assets less the market value of liabilities. The economic value of equity is a longer term view of interest rate risk because it measures the present value of the future cash flows. The impact of changes in interest rates on this calculation is analyzed for the risk to our future earnings and is used in conjunction with the analyses on net interest income. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Our interest rate risk model indicated that the Company was asset sensitive in terms of interest rate sensitivity at December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, our asset sensitivity decreased for a rising rate environment as a result of the decrease in excess cash liquidity. The table below illustrates the impact of an immediate and sustained 200 and 100 basis point increase and a 100 and 200 basis point decrease in interest rates on net interest income based on the interest rate risk model at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Hypothetical shift in interest change in projected net interest income rates (in bps) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 200 2.60 11.12 100 1.31 5.37 (100) (2.93) (200) (8.24) Many assumptions are used to calculate the impact of interest rate fluctuations. Actual results may be significantly different than our projections due to several factors, including the timing and frequency of rate changes, market conditions and the shape of the yield curve. The computations of interest rate risk shown above do not include actions that management may undertake to manage the risks in response to anticipated changes in interest rates and actual results may also differ due to any actions taken in response to the changing rates. As part of the asset/liability management strategy to manage primary market risk exposures expected to be in effect in future reporting periods, management has executed interest rate derivatives primarily using floors and collars. For further discussion of the Company s derivative contracts refer to note 21. The strategy with respect to liabilities has been to continue to emphasize transaction deposit growth, particularly non-interest or low interest bearing non-maturing deposit accounts while building long-term client relationships. Non-maturing deposit accounts totaled 88.9 of total deposits at December 31, 2022, compared to 86.5 at December 31, 2021. We currently have no brokered time deposits. Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increasing operating costs and non-interest expense. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, changes in interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than do changes in the general rate of inflation and changes in prices. Interest rate changes do not necessarily move in the same direction, nor have the same magnitude, as changes in the prices of goods and services. Although not as critical to the banking industry as many other industries, inflationary factors may have some impact on our ability to grow total assets, earnings and capital levels. While we plan to continue our disciplined approach to expense management, an inflationary environment may cause wage pressures and general increases in our cost of doing business, which may increase our non-interest expense. Off-Balance Sheet Activities In the normal course of business, we are a party to various contractual obligations, commitments and other off-balance sheet activities that contain credit, market, and operational risk that are not required to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. The most significant of these are the loan commitments that we enter into to meet the financing needs of clients, including commitments to extend credit, commercial and consumer lines of credit and standby letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had loan commitments totaling 2.0 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively, and standby letters of credit that totaled 13.9 million and 7.3 million, respectively. Unused commitments do not necessarily represent future credit exposure or cash requirements, as commitments often expire without being drawn upon. Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . The information called for by this item is provided under the caption Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk in Part I, Item 2-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , - PCAOB ID 

 70 

 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

 74 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 75 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 76 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

 77 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 78 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 79 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors National Bank Holdings Corporation: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of National Bank Holdings Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Allowance for credit losses for loans individually evaluated on a collective basis As discussed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for credit losses related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment (the collective ACL) was 84.2 million of a total ACL of 89.6 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company estimated the December 31, 2022 collective ACL by first disaggregating the loan portfolio into segments based upon broad characteristics such as primary use and underlying collateral. Within these segments, the portfolio was further disaggregated into classes of loans with similar attributes and risk characteristics. The 2022 collective ACL was determined at the class level, analyzing loss history based upon specific loss drivers and risk factors affecting each loan class. The Company utilized a discounted cash flow (DCF) model developed within a third-party software tool to establish expected lifetime credit losses for the loan portfolio. The 2022 collective ACL was calculated as the difference between the amortized cost basis and the projections from the DCF analysis. The DCF model allows for individual life of loan cash flow modeling, excluding extensions and renewals, using loan-specific interest rates and repayment schedules including estimated prepayment rates and loss recovery timing delays. The model incorporates forecasts of certain national macroeconomic factors (reasonable and supportable forecasts), which drive correlated Probability of Default (PD) and Loss Given Default (LGD) rates, which in turn, drive the losses predicted in establishing the Company s 2022 collective ACL. Management accounts for the inherent uncertainty of the underlying economic forecast by reviewing and weighting alternate forecast scenarios. PD and LGD rates along with prepayment rates and loss recovery time delays are determined at a loan class level making use of both internal and peer historical loss rate data. For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts to historical long-term average loss rates on a straight-line basis. The length of the forecast period spans four quarters. The length of the reversion period is based on management s assessment of the length and pattern of the current economic cycle and typically ranges from four to eight quarters. Additionally, the 2022 collective ACL calculation includes subjective adjustments for qualitative risk factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses to differ from historical experience. We identified the assessment of the 2022 collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge in the industry, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the 2022 collective ACL. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the 2022 collective ACL methodology, including (1) the DCF model and significant assumptions: PD, LGD, prepayment rates, discount rates, loss recovery time delays, the use of peer data, portfolio segmentation, the length and weighting of the reasonable and supportable forecast, and the reversion period, and (2) the qualitative risk factors. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the underlying models and assumptions. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the 2022 collective ACL estimate, including controls over the: Development of the 2022 collective ACL methodology Continued use and appropriateness of changes made to the DCF model Performance monitoring of the DCF model Identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the DCF model Continued use and appropriateness of changes made to the qualitative factors, including the significant assumptions used in the measurement of the qualitative factors Analysis of the overall ACL results, trends, and ratios. We evaluated the Company s process to develop the 2022 collective ACL estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and significant assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and significant assumptions, including an evaluation of whether additional factors or alternative assumptions 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 should be used. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: Evaluating the Company s 2022 collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles Assessing the conceptual soundness and performance testing of the DCF model by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use Evaluating judgments made by the Company in the continued use and appropriateness of changes made to the PD, LGD, prepayment rates, loss recovery time delays, use of peer data, and the reversion period assumptions by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends, and the applicable industry and regulatory practices Evaluating the selection of methodology used to develop the economic forecast scenarios, including the weighting of the scenarios, and underlying assumptions, by comparing it to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices Determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices Evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors and the effect of those factors on the 2022 collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying DCF model. We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the 2022 collective ACL estimate by evaluating the: Cumulative results of the audit procedures Qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices Potential bias in the accounting estimates. Initial Fair Value measurement of Community Bancorporation, the parent company of Rock Canyon Bank (RCB), and Bancshares of Jackson Hole Incorporated, the parent company of Bank of Jackson Hole (BOJH), core deposit intangible assets and loan portfolios As discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, on September 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Community Bancorporation and its wholly owned subsidiary, Rock Canyon Bank CB ). The value of the transaction consideration was approximately 140.4 million. On October 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Bancshares of Jackson Hole Incorporated and its wholly owned subsidiary, Bank of Jackson Hole. The value of the transaction consideration was approximately 213.4 million. Both transactions were accounted for as a business combination with the assets acquired and liabilities assumed being measured based on their estimated fair values. As a result of the RCB transaction, the Company acquired a loan portfolio, as well as recognized a core deposit intangible (CDI) asset, with acquisition-date fair values of 535 million and 13 million, respectively. As a result of the BOJH transaction, the Company acquired a loan portfolio, as well as recognized a CDI asset, with acquisition-date fair values of 1.2 billion and 29 million, respectively. The fair value of acquired loans was based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered the loans underlying characteristics including account type, remaining terms of a loan, annual interest rates or coupon, interest types, past delinquencies, timing of principal and interest payments, current market rates, loan to value ratios, loss exposure, and remaining balance. The fair value of the CDI assets were valued utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology based upon assumptions regarding retained balances, such as account retention rate and growth rates, interest expense, including maintenance costs, and alternative costs of funding. We identified, for both acquisitions referenced, the fair value measurement of acquired loans and CDI assets, as a critical audit matter. These fair value measurements involved a high degree of measurement uncertainty and subjectivity, which required specialized skills and knowledge to evaluate. Specifically, the assessment of these fair value measurements encompassed the evaluation of the methodologies used to measure (1) the fair value of acquired loans, including the significant assumptions of market implied credit losses of probability of default and loss given default; and (2) the fair value of the CDI assets, including the significant assumptions of alternative costs of funds. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s fair value measurement of acquired loans and CDI assets, including controls over: Development of the fair value methodologies Identification and determination of the significant assumptions Assessment of the overall fair value measurements We evaluated the Company s process to develop the fair value measurement of acquired loans and the CDI assets by testing certain sources of data and assumptions that the Company used and considered the relevance and reliability of such data and assumptions. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: Evaluating the overall fair value methodology used by the Company to estimate the fair value for acquired loans and the CDI assets for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles Developing independent ranges of fair value for acquired loans, including the development of independent assumptions utilizing market data for implied credit loss assumptions Assessing the Company s estimate of fair value for acquired loans by comparing it to the independently developed ranges Developing independent ranges for the CDI alternative cost of funds assumption by utilizing market data specific for the related assumption; and Assessing the Company s estimate of fair value for the CDI assets by comparing the alternative cost of funds assumption to independently developed ranges, and evaluating other underlying assumptions, by comparing them to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices. We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the fair value measurement of acquired loans and the CDI assets by evaluating the: Cumulative results of the audit procedures Qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices and Potential bias in the accounting estimates. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. Kansas City, Missouri February 28, 2023 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest bearing bank deposits Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available-for-sale (at fair value) Investment securities held-to-maturity (fair value of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Non-marketable securities Loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net Loans held for sale Other real estate owned Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing demand deposits Interest bearing demand deposits Savings and money market Time deposits Total deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Long-term debt, net Federal Home Loan Bank advances Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock, par value per share: shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock of and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, at cost ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest and dividend income: Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on investment securities Dividends on non-marketable securities Interest on interest-bearing bank deposits Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses Allowance for credit loss expense (release) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Service charges Bank card fees Mortgage banking income Bank-owned life insurance income Other non-interest income OREO-related income Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Marketing and business development FDIC deposit insurance Bank card expenses Professional fees Other non-interest expense Problem asset workout Gain on OREO sales, net ) ) ) Core deposit and wealth management intangible assets amortization Banking center consolidation-related expense Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Securities available-for-sale: Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period, net of tax benefit (expense) of , , and for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. ) ) Less: amortization of net unrealized holding losses to income, net of tax benefit of , , and for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. ) ) ) Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized losses arising during the period, net of tax benefit of , , and for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. ) Less: reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income, net of tax benefit of , , and for the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity For the Years Ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Accumulated Additional other Common paid-in Retained Treasury comprehensive stock capital earnings stock income (loss), net Total Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect adjustment (1) ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans, including gain on reissuance of treasury stock of , net ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans, including gain on reissuance of treasury stock of , net ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans, including gain on reissuance of treasury stock of , net ) ) Reissuance of treasury stock of for acquisition of Community Bancorporation Reissuance of treasury stock of for acquisition of Bancshares of Jackson Hole Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

(1) Related to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . Refer to note 3 Recent Accounting Pronouncements of our consolidated financial statements for further details. See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In thousands) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision expense (release) for loan losses ) Depreciation and amortization Change in current income tax receivable ) ) Change in deferred income taxes ) ) Net excess tax (benefit) expense from stock-based compensation ) ) Discount accretion, net of premium amortization on securities Gain on sale of mortgages, net ) ) ) Origination of loans held for sale, net of repayments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Originations of mortgage serving rights ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of mortgage servicing rights Gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights ) Impairment on other real estate owned Impairment on fixed assets related to banking center consolidations Gain on sale of fixed assets ) ) Gain from banking center divestiture ) Stock-based compensation Acquisition-related costs Operating lease payments ) ) ) Change in other assets ) ) Change in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from non-marketable securities Proceeds from maturities of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities of investment securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from sales of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Purchase of non-marketable securities ) ) ) Purchase of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Purchase of investment securities held-to-maturity ) ) ) (Purchases) sales of premises and equipment, net ) ) Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Proceeds from the sale of loans Net cash activity from acquisitions Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Net decrease in repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payment of long-term debt issuance costs ) Advances from FHLB FHLB repayments ) ) Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of dividends ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year (1) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period (1) Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information during the period: Cash paid for interest Net tax payments Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities: Loans transferred to other real estate owned at fair value (Decrease) increase in loans purchased but not settled ) Loans transferred from loans held for sale to loans Treasury stock reissued for acquisition - RCB Treasury stock reissued for acquisition - BOJH 

 (1) Included in restricted cash at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is million, million and million, respectively, placed in escrow for certain potential liabilities, for which the Company is indemnified, resulting from the Peoples acquisition. The restricted cash is included in other assets in the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition. See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 banking centers as of December 31, 2022, located primarily in Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho, as well as through online and mobile banking products and services. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, NBH Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole Trust. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and, where applicable, with general practices in the banking industry or guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory agencies. The consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results presented. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications of prior years amounts are made whenever necessary to conform to current period presentation. All amounts are in thousands, except share data, or as otherwise noted. GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. By their nature, estimates are based on judgment and available information. Management has made significant estimates in certain areas, such as the fair values of financial instruments, contingent liabilities and the allowance for credit losses ACL ). Because of the inherent uncertainties associated with any estimation process and future changes in market and economic conditions, it is possible that actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 . Currently, conventional loans in states where the banks have market presence may be sold with servicing retained or with servicing released. Government loans and conventional loans in states where the banks do not have a market presence are generally sold with servicing released. Under limited circumstances, buyers may have recourse to return a purchased loan to the Company. Recourse conditions may include early payoff, early payment default, breach of representations or warranties, or documentation deficiencies in the underwriting process. The Company enters into commitments to originate residential mortgage loans whereby the interest rate on the loan is determined prior to funding (i.e. interest rate lock commitments). Such interest rate lock commitments on mortgage loans to be sold in the secondary market are considered to be derivatives. To protect against the price risk inherent in residential mortgage loan commitments, the Company utilizes both best efforts and mandatory delivery forward loan sale commitments to mitigate the risk of potential increases or decreases in the values of loans that would result from the change in market rates for such loans. The Company manages the interest rate risk on interest rate lock commitments by entering into forward sale contracts of mortgage backed securities. Such contracts are accounted for as derivatives and are recorded at fair value as derivative assets or liabilities. They are carried in the consolidated statements of financial condition within other assets or other liabilities, and changes in fair value are recorded net as a component of mortgage banking income in the consolidated statements of operations. The gross gains on loan sales are recognized based on new loan commitments with adjustment for price and pair-off activity. Commission expenses on loans held for sale are recognized based on loans closed. primary loan segments that are further stratified into loan classes to provide more granularity in analyzing loss history based upon specific loss drivers and risk factors affecting each loan class. Generally, the underlying risk of loss for each of these loan classes will follow certain norms/trends in various economic environments. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis and are not included in the collective evaluation. Those loans include loans on non-accrual status, loans in bankruptcy, and TDRs described below. If a specific allowance is warranted based on the borrower s overall financial condition, the specific allowance is calculated based on discounted expected cash flows using the loan s initial contractual effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral less selling costs for collateral-dependent loans. The Company utilizes a DCF model developed within a third-party software tool to establish expected lifetime credit losses for the loan portfolio. The ACL is calculated as the difference between the amortized cost basis and the projections from the DCF analysis. The DCF model allows for individual life of loan cash flow modeling, excluding extensions and renewals, using loan-specific interest rates and repayment schedules adjusted for estimated prepayment rates and loss recovery timing delays. The model incorporates forecasts of certain national macroeconomic factors, including unemployment rates, HPI, retail sales and GDP, which drive correlated probability of default PD and loss given default LGD rates. PD and LGD, in turn, drive the losses predicted in establishing our ACL. PD and LGD rates along with prepayment rates and loss recovery time delays are determined at a loan class level making use of both internal and peer historical loss rate data. The determination and application of the ACL accounting policy involves judgments, estimates, and uncertainties that are subject to change. For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period, we revert to historical long-term average loss rates on a straight-line basis. The length of the forecast period spans four quarters. The length of the reversion period is based 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 for buildings, 7 to for building improvements, and 3 to for equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms. Maintenance and repairs are charged to non-interest expense as 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 . To the extent that any 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 after the closing date of an acquisition as information relative to closing date fair values becomes available. Adjustments recorded to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed are applied prospectively in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805. The determination of the fair value of loans acquired takes into account credit quality deterioration and probability of loss; therefore, the related ACL is not carried forward at the time of acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets are recognized separately if they arise from contractual or other legal rights or if they are separable (i.e., capable of being sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged separately from the entity). The depositor relationship related to deposit liabilities, as well as the client relationship related to assets under management, known as the core deposit and wealth management intangible assets, respectively, may be exchanged in observable exchange transactions. As a result, the core deposit and wealth management intangible assets are considered identifiable, because the separability criterion has been met. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 million increase in the allowance for credit losses with a corresponding reduction to retained earnings, net of tax, of million. Since the investment securities portfolio was comprised of mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities as of January 1, 2020, credit loss allowance was required upon adoption. Other Pronouncements The Company adopted ASU 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment and ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework-Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement with no material impact on its financial statements. million of cash consideration and issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding common stock of Community Bancorporation. The transaction was valued at million in the aggregate, based on the Company s closing price of on August 31, 2022. The acquisition added banking centers to the Company s footprint within the Provo and Greater Salt Lake City regions. RCB acquisition-related costs totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022, including a Day 1 CECL provision expense of million. The results of RCB are included in the results of the Company subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Investment securities available-for-sale Non-marketable securities Loans, net Loans held for sale Premises and equipment Core deposit and other intangibles Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Total deposits Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Identifiable net assets acquired Consideration: NBHC common stock paid, closing price of on August 31, 2022 Cash Total Goodwill In connection with the RCB acquisition, the Company recorded million of goodwill. The amount of goodwill recorded reflects the expanded market presence, synergies and operational efficiencies that are expected to result from the acquisition. The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant assets and liabilities presented above: Cash and due from banks The carrying amount of these assets was deemed a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets. Loans, net The fair value of loans were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered the loans underlying characteristics including account type, remaining terms of loan, annual interest rates or coupon, interest types, past delinquencies, timing of principal and interest payments, current market rates, loan to value ratios, loss exposure and remaining balance. The discount rates applied were based upon a build-up approach considering the alternative cost of funds, capital charges, servicing costs, and a liquidity premium. Loans were aggregated according to similar characteristics when applying the valuation method. Core deposit and other intangibles The Company recorded a core deposit intangible asset of million and an SBA servicing rights asset of million. The core deposit intangible was valued utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology based upon assumptions regarding retained balances, such as account retention rate and growth rates, interest expense including maintenance costs, and alternative costs of funding. The discount rate applied is consistent to that applied to loans above. The SBA servicing asset was valued using a discounted cash flow methodology that included assumptions for pre-payment speeds and defaults discounted at a market-based discount rate. The valuation methodology was applied to each loan individually based upon its specific characteristics. The core deposit intangible will be amortized straight-line over , and the SBA servicing rights asset will be amortized over the life of the underlying portfolio. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 million of loans acquired from RCB, million, or of RCB s loan portfolio, were accounted for as PCD loans. The gross contractual amounts receivable of PCD loans, inclusive of all principal and interest, was million, including million of loans previously charged off by RCB. The Company s best estimate of the contractual principal and interest cash flows for PCD loans not expected to be collected was million, including million of loans previously charged off by RCB. The following table provides a summary of PCD loans purchased as part of the RCB acquisition as of the acquisition date: PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition ) ) ) ) (Discount) premium on acquired loans ) ) ) Loans previously charged-off by RCB ) ) ) Purchase price of PCD loans The Company has determined that it is impractical to report the amounts of revenue and earnings of legacy RCB since the acquisition date due to the integration of certain processes occurring shortly after the acquisition date. Such amounts would require significant estimates that cannot be objectively made. Bank of Jackson Hole On October 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Bancshares of Jackson Hole, the bank holding company of Wyoming-based Bank of Jackson Hole. Pursuant to the merger agreement executed in March 2022, the Company paid million of cash consideration and issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding common stock of Bancshares of Jackson Hole. The transaction was valued at million in the aggregate, based on the Company s closing price of on September 30, 2022. The acquisition added banking centers with operations in Wyoming and Idaho. Immediately following the closing of the acquisition, BOJH sold substantially of all its assets and liabilities to NBH Bank, with the exception of assets and liabilities related to its trust business. Effective October 1, 2022, BOJH was renamed as Bank of Jackson Hole Trust. BOJH acquisition-related costs totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022, including a Day 1 CECL provision expense of million. The results of BOJH are included in the results of the Company subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Investment securities Non-marketable securities Loans, net Loans held for sale Premises and equipment Core deposit and other intangibles Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Total deposits Long-term debt Fed funds purchased Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Identifiable net assets acquired Consideration: NBHC common stock paid, closing price of on September 30, 2022 Cash Total Goodwill In connection with the BOJH acquisition, the Company recorded million of goodwill. The amount of goodwill recorded reflects the expanded market presence, synergies and operational efficiencies that are expected to result from the acquisition. The Company transferred million of available-for-sale securities to held-to-maturity as of Day 1. The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant assets and liabilities presented above: Cash and due from banks The carrying amount of these assets was deemed a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets. Investment securities The investment securities portfolio was fair valued on Day 1 utilizing third-party pricing services. A portion of the investment securities portfolio was sold upon acquisition, and the remaining securities were transferred to held-to-maturity. Loans, net The fair value of loans were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered the loans underlying characteristics including account type, remaining terms of loan, annual interest rates or coupon, interest types, past delinquencies, timing of principal and interest payments, current market rates, loan to value ratios, loss exposure and remaining balance. The discount rates applied were based upon a build-up approach considering the alternative cost of funds, capital charges, servicing costs, and a liquidity premium. Loans were aggregated according to similar characteristics when applying the valuation method. Core deposit and other intangibles The Company recorded a core deposit intangible asset of million and a wealth management intangible of million. The core deposit intangible was valued utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology based upon assumptions regarding retained balances, such as account retention rate and growth rates, interest expense 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 . Deposits By definition, the fair value of demand and saving deposits equals the amount payable. For time deposits acquired, the Company utilized an income approach, discounting the contractual cash flows on the instruments over their remaining contractual lives at prevailing market rates. Long-term debt The Company fair valued the subordinated debt using a market interest rate based on similar securities at acquisition date. The Company modeled out the future cash flows over the term of the debt using the forward interest rate curve at acquisition date, and then discounted the cash flows using rates from similar transactions at or near acquisition date. The fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities noted in the table may change during the provisional period, which may last up to twelve months subsequent to the acquisition date. The Company may obtain additional information to refine the valuation of the acquired assets and liabilities and adjust the recorded fair value. Accounting for acquired loans A Day 1 CECL allowance for credit losses on the non-PCD loans was recorded through provision for credit loss expense within the consolidated statements of operations. At the date of acquisition, of the billion of loans acquired from BOJH, million, or of BOJH s loan portfolio, were accounted for as PCD loans. The gross contractual amounts receivable of PCD loans, inclusive of all principal and interest, was million, including million of loans previously charged off by BOJH. The Company s best estimate of the contractual cash flows for PCD loans not expected to be collected was million. The following table provides a summary of PCD loans purchased as part of the BOJH acquisition as of the acquisition date: PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition ) ) ) ) ) Discount on acquired loans ) ) ) ) Purchase price of PCD loans The Company has determined that it is impractical to report the amounts of revenue and earnings of legacy BOJH since the acquisition date due to the integration of certain processes occurring shortly after the acquisition date. Such amounts would require significant estimates that cannot be objectively made. Unaudited Pro forma information The following unaudited pro forma information combines the historical results of RCB, BOJH and the Company. The pro forma financial information does not include the potential impacts of possible business model changes, current market conditions, revenue enhancements, expense efficiencies, or other factors. If the RCB and BOJH acquisitions had been completed on January 1, 2021, pro forma total revenue for the Company would have been approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pro forma net income for the Company would have been approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share for the Company would have been and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share for the 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the pro forma information reflects adjustments made to exclude acquisition-related expenses of the Company totaling million and estimated acquisition-related expenses incurred by RCB and BOJH prior to the acquisition date totaling million. Day 1 provision expense was included in 2021 to reflect the assumption of the acquisition timing noted above. Adjustments also included estimated net accretion of loan and investment marks of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, estimated net amortization of fair value marks on long term debt of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, estimated accretion of fair value marks on time deposits of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and estimated amortization of acquired identifiable intangibles of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The pro forma information is theoretical in nature and not necessarily indicative of future consolidated results of operations of the Company or the consolidated results of operations which would have resulted had the Company acquired RCB and BOJH during the periods presented. billion at December 31, 2022 and included billion of available-for-sale securities and billion of held-to-maturity securities. At December 31, 2021, investment securities totaled billion and included billion of available-for-sale securities and billion of held-to-maturity securities. Available-for-sale ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Municipal securities ) Corporate debt ) Other securities Total investment securities available-for-sale ) 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Municipal securities Corporate debt Other securities Total investment securities available-for-sale ) During 2022 and 2021, purchases of available-for-sale securities totaled million and million, respectively. Maturities and paydowns of available-for-sale securities during 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respectively. The Company sold million of available-for-sale securities acquired through the BOJH acquisition. The remainder of the available-for-sale securities from the acquisition were transferred to held-to-maturity. There were sales of available-for-sale securities during 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s available-for-sale investment portfolio was primarily comprised of U.S. Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities. All mortgage-backed securities were backed by GSE collateral such as FHLMC and FNMA and the government owned agency GNMA. ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Corporate debt ) ) Total ) ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized value losses value losses value losses Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Management evaluated all of the available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The portfolio included securities, which were in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022, compared to securities at December 31, 2021. The unrealized losses in the Company s investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were caused by changes in interest rates. The Company has no intention to sell these securities and believes it will not be required to sell the securities before the recovery of their amortized cost. Management believes that default of the available-for-sale securities is highly unlikely. FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury securities have a long history of zero credit losses, an explicit guarantee by the U.S. government (although limited for FNMA and FHLMC securities) and yields that generally trade based on market views of prepayment and liquidity risk rather than credit risk. Certain securities are pledged as collateral for public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and to secure borrowing capacity at the FRB, if needed. The fair value of available-for-sale investment securities pledged as collateral totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company may also pledge available-for-sale investment securities as collateral for FHLB advances. securities were pledged for this purpose at December 31, 2022 or 2021. A summary of the available-for-sale securities by maturity is shown in the following table as of December 31, 2022. Mortgage-backed securities may have actual maturities that differ from contractual maturities depending on the repayment characteristics and experience of the underlying financial instruments and are therefore not included in the table below. Additionally, the Company holds other available-for-sale securities with an amortized cost and fair value of million as of December 31, 2022 that have no stated contractual maturity date. Municipal securities After one but within five years Corporate debt After five but within ten years As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, AIR from available-for-sale investment securities totaled million and million, respectively, and was included within other assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Held-to-maturity ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Total investment securities held-to-maturity ) 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Total investment securities held-to-maturity ) During 2022 and 2021, purchases of held-to-maturity securities totaled million and million, respectively. Maturities and paydowns of held-to-maturity securities totaled million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company sold a portion of the available-for-sale securities acquired through the BOJH acquisition. The Company transferred the remaining million of available-for-sale securities acquired through the BOJH acquisition to held-to-maturity. securities which were in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022, compared to securities at December 31, 2021. The tables below summarize the held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses as of the dates shown, along with the length of the impairment period: December 31, 2022 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized value losses value losses value losses U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized value losses value losses value losses Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) Total ) ) ) The Company does not measure expected credit losses on a financial asset, or group of financial assets, in which historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts results in an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero. Management evaluated held-to-maturity securities noting they are backed by loans guaranteed by either U.S. government agencies or U.S. government sponsored entities, and management believes that default is highly unlikely given this governmental backing and long history without credit losses. Additionally, management notes that yields on which the portfolio generally trades are based upon market views of prepayment and liquidity risk and not credit risk. The Company has no intention to sell any held-to-maturity securities and believes it will not be required to sell any held-to-maturity securities before the recovery of their amortized cost. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company may also pledge held-to-maturity investment securities as collateral for FHLB advances. held-to-maturity investment securities were pledged for this purpose at December 31, 2022 or 2021. A summary of the held-to-maturity securities by maturity is shown in the following table as of December 31, 2022. Actual maturities of mortgage-backed securities may differ from scheduled maturities depending on the repayment characteristics and experience of the underlying financial instruments and are therefore not included in the table below. Total As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, AIR from held-to-maturity investment securities totaled million and million, respectively, and was included within other assets in the statements of financial condition. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and included FRB stock, FHLB stock and other non-marketable securities. Proceeds from non-marketable securities totaled million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Proceeds during 2022 included million from redemptions of FHLB stock. At December 31, 2022, the Company held million of FHLB stock and million of FRB stock for regulatory or debt facility purposes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, purchases of FHLB and FRB stock totaled million, and the FHLB and FRB stock from the acquisitions of RCB and BOJH totaled million. Redemptions of FHLB stock totaled million during 2022. At December 31, 2021, the Company held million of FHLB stock and million of FRB stock. There were purchases of FHLB or FRB stock during 2021. These are restricted securities which, lacking a market, are carried at cost. There have been no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have an adverse effect on the investments carried at cost. At December 31, 2022, other non-marketable securities totaled million and consisted of equity method investments totaling million and convertible preferred stock without a readily determinable fair value totaling million. At December 31, 2021, other non-marketable securities totaled million and consisted of equity method investments totaling million and convertible preferred stock without a readily determinable fair value totaling million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, purchases of other non-marketable securities totaled million and million, respectively. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Consumer Total December 31, 2021 Total loans of total Commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Consumer Total Municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction Acquisition/development Multifamily Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans 

97 

Table of Contents 
 Municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction Acquisition/development Multifamily Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans 

December 31, 2021 Greater 30-89 days than 90 days Total past past due and past due and Non-accrual due and accruing accruing loans non-accrual Current Total loans Commercial: Commercial and industrial Municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction Acquisition/development Multifamily Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction Acquisition/development Multifamily Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans Loans are considered past due or delinquent when the contractual principal or interest due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement remains unpaid after the due date of the scheduled payment. Non-accrual loans include non-accrual loans and TDRs on non-accrual status. There was interest income recognized from non-accrual loans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s internal risk rating system uses a series of grades, which reflect our assessment of the credit quality of loans based on an analysis of the borrower s financial condition, liquidity and ability to meet contractual debt service requirements and are categorized as Pass , Special mention , Substandard and Doubtful . For a description of the general characteristics of the risk grades, refer to note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Municipal and non-profit: Pass Total municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction: Pass Total construction Acquisition/development: Pass Total acquisition/development Multifamily: Pass Total multifamily Non-owner occupied Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total senior lien Junior lien Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Pass Substandard Total consumer Total loans 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Municipal and non-profit: Pass Total municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness: Pass Special mention Substandard Total food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction: Pass Total construction Acquisition/development: Pass Total acquisition/development Multifamily: Pass Special mention Total multifamily Non-owner occupied Pass Special mention Substandard Total non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Pass Special mention Substandard Total senior lien Junior lien Pass Special mention Substandard Total junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer: Pass Substandard Total consumer Total loans 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Loans evaluated individually We evaluate loans individually when they no longer share risk characteristics with pooled loans. These loans include loans on non-accrual status, loans in bankruptcy, and TDRs as described below. If a specific allowance is warranted based on the borrower s overall financial condition, the specific allowance is calculated based on discounted expected cash flows using the loan s initial contractual effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral less selling costs for collateral-dependent loans. A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. Management individually evaluates collateral-dependent loans with an amortized cost basis of thousand or more and includes collateral-dependent loans less than 250 thousand within the general allowance population. The amortized cost basis of collateral-dependent loans over 250 thousand was as follows at December 31, 2022 and 2021: Owner-occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total Commercial Commercial real estate non owner-occupied Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate Residential real estate Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Total loans 

December 31, 2021 Total amortized Real property Business assets cost basis Commercial Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Total Commercial Residential real estate Senior lien Total residential real estate Total loans Loan modifications and troubled debt restructurings The Company s policy is to review each prospective credit to determine the appropriateness and the adequacy of security or collateral prior to making a loan. In the event of borrower default, the Company seeks recovery in compliance with lending laws, the respective loan agreements, and credit monitoring and remediation procedures that may include restructuring a loan to provide a concession by the Company to the borrower from their original terms due to borrower financial difficulties in order to facilitate repayment. Additionally, if a borrower s repayment obligation has been discharged by a court, and that debt has not been reaffirmed by the borrower, regardless of past due status, the loan is considered to be a TDR. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 loans with an amortized cost basis of million to facilitate repayment that are considered TDRs. Loan modifications were a reduction of the principal payment, a reduction in interest rate, or an extension of term. The tables below provide additional information related to accruing TDRs at December 31, 2022 and 2021: Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Consumer Total December 31, 2021 Amortized Average year-to-date Unpaid Unfunded commitments cost basis amortized cost basis principal balance to fund TDRs Commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Consumer Total Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Consumer Total non-accruing TDRs Accrual of interest is resumed on loans that were previously on non-accrual only after the loan has performed sufficiently for a period of time. The Company did t have any TDRs that were modified within the past 12 months and had defaulted on their restructured terms during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. For purposes of this disclosure, the Company considers default to mean 90 days or more past due on principal or interest. The allowance for credit losses related to TDRs on non-accrual status is determined by individual evaluation, including collateral adequacy, using the same process as loans on non-accrual status which are not classified as TDRs. Accounting for Acquired Loans ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , requires that acquired loans are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition. The fair value for acquired loans at the time of acquisition is based on a variety of factors including discounted expected cash flows, adjusted for estimated prepayments and credit losses. In accordance with ASC 326, the fair value adjustment is recorded as premium or discount to the unpaid principal balance of each acquired loan. Loans that have been identified as having experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are PCD loans. The net premium or discount on PCD loans is adjusted by our allowance for credit losses recorded at the time of acquisition. The remaining net premium or discount is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using the level yield method. The net premium or discount on non-PCD loans, that includes credit quality and interest rate considerations, is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using the level yield method. The Company then records the necessary allowance for credit losses on the non-PCD loans through provision for credit losses expense. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Day 1 CECL provision expense PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision expense for credit losses Ending balance At the acquisition date, RCB and BOJH had million and million, respectively, of previously charged off loans for which the Company continued to have contractual rights to the cash flows. In accordance with ASC Topic 326, PCD loan accounting is to be applied by the acquirer whereby an allowance for credit losses should be recorded for this subset of loans at the acquisition date, and if deemed non-collectible, the loans are to be fully charged off on the acquirer s books. Such amounts were fully reserved for, charged off on the acquisition date and excluded from the 2022 table above. Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision expense (release) for credit losses ) ) ) Ending balance In evaluating the loan portfolio for an appropriate ACL level, excluding loans evaluated individually, loans were grouped into segments based on broad characteristics such as primary use and underlying collateral. Within the segments, the portfolio was further disaggregated into classes of loans with similar attributes and risk characteristics for purposes of developing the underlying data used within the discounted cash flow model including, but not limited to, prepayment and recovery rates as well as loss rates tied to macro-economic conditions within management s reasonable and supportable forecast. The ACL also includes subjective adjustments based upon qualitative risk factors including asset quality, loss trends, lending management, portfolio growth and loan review/internal audit results. Net charge-offs on loans during the year ended December 31, 2022 were million. The Company recorded an increase in the allowance for credit losses of million during 2022, which included a Day 1 provision expense of million for the non-PCD RCB and BOJH acquired loan portfolios and a million credit allowance for Day 1 acquired PCD loans. The remainder of the provision expense during the year was driven by strong loan growth and higher reserve requirements from changes in the CECL model s underlying macro-economic forecast. Net charge-offs on loans during the year ended December 31, 2021 were million. The Company recorded total provision release of million during 2021, which included a provision release of million for funded loans and a provision release of million for unfunded loan commitments. Provision release was driven by strong asset quality and an improved outlook in the CECL model s underlying economic forecast. The Company has elected to exclude AIR from the allowance for credit losses calculation. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, AIR from loans totaled million and million, respectively. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were included in other assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The related lease liabilities totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were included in other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company recorded million and million of lease assets/liabilities related to the acquisitions of RCB and BOJH, respectively. The Company has operating leases for banking centers, corporate offices and ATM locations, with remaining lease terms ranging from to . The Company only included reasonably certain renewal options in the lease terms. The weighted-average remaining lease term for our operating leases was years and years at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average discount rates were and , respectively, utilizing the Company s incremental FHLB borrowing rate for borrowings of a similar term at the date of lease commencement. Rent expense totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded within occupancy and equipment in the consolidated statements of operations. Lease payments do not include non-lease components such as real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Buildings and improvements Equipment Total premises and equipment, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net The Company recorded million, million and million of depreciation expense during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a component of occupancy and equipment expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company disposed of million, million and million of premises and equipment, net, during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The company recorded gains on sale of premises and equipment totaling million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, within other non-interest income in the consolidated statements of operations. During 2022, the Company had impairment related to premises and equipment. During 2021, the Company recognized million of impairment in its consolidated statements of operations related to premises and equipment classified as held-for-sale totaling million at the time of impairment. During 2020, the Company recognized million of impairments included in non-interest expense in its consolidated statements of operations from the consolidation of banking centers classified as held-for-sale totaling million. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Transfers from loan portfolio, at fair value Impairments ) ) Sales ) ) Ending balance During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold OREO properties with net book balances of million and million, respectively. Sales of OREO properties resulted in net OREO gains of million and million which were included within gain on OREO sales, net in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, impairments included thousand recorded within problem asset workout in the consolidated statements of operations and thousand included within other liabilities in the statements of financial condition to reduce the payable for an SBA redemption agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, impairments totaled million recorded within problem asset workout in the consolidated statements of operations. acquisitions to date, the Company has recorded goodwill of million. The Company recorded goodwill of million, a core deposit intangible of million, and an SBA servicing asset of million related to the acquisition of RCB. The BOJH acquisition added goodwill of million, a core deposit intangible of million and a wealth management intangible of million. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net assets acquired. goodwill impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. ) ) Wealth management intangible ) Total ) ) The Company is amortizing the core deposit and wealth management intangibles from acquisitions on a straight line basis over from the date of the respective acquisitions, which represents the expected useful life of the assets. The Company recognized core deposit intangible amortization expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2024 2025 2026 2027 Mortgage servicing rights MSRs represent rights to service loans originated by the Company and sold to government-sponsored enterprises including FHLMC, FNMA, GNMA and FHLB and are included in other assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Mortgage loans serviced for others were billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. Originations Sales ) (Impairment) recovery ) Amortization ) ) Ending balance Fair value of mortgage servicing rights During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold rights to service loans totaling billion in unpaid principal balances from our mortgage servicing rights portfolio as a strategic move to reduce the risk associated with mortgage servicing. As a result of the sale, the book value of our mortgage servicing right intangible decreased million and generated a gain of million included in mortgage banking income in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of MSRs was determined based upon a discounted cash flow analysis. The cash flow analysis included assumptions for discount rates and prepayment speeds. The discount rate was , and the constant prepayment speed ranged from to for the December 31, 2022 valuation. Discount rates ranged from to , and the constant prepayment speed ranged from to for the December 31, 2021 valuation. Included in mortgage banking income in the consolidated statements of operations was servicing income of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. MSRs are evaluated and impairment is recognized to the extent fair value is less than the carrying amount. The Company evaluates impairment by stratifying MSRs based on the predominant risk characteristics of the underlying loans, including 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 SBA servicing assets In connection with the RCB acquisition, the Company added an SBA servicing right asset of million. The servicing asset represents the value associated with servicing small business real estate loans that have been sold to outside investors with servicing retained. SBA loan servicing assets are amortized over the period of the estimated future net servicing life of the underlying assets. SBA loan servicing assets are evaluated quarterly for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to their amortized cost. Impairment is recognized on the income statement to the extent the fair value is less than the capitalized amount of the SBA loan servicing asset. The Company serviced million of SBA loans, as of December 31, 2022. Since the acquisition date, the Company recognized SBA servicing asset fee income of million. Below are the changes in the SBA servicing assets for the years presented: Originations Disposals ) Amortization ) Fair market value adjustment ) Ending balance Fair value of small business administration servicing rights The Company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of SBA loan servicing rights. These assumptions include prepayment speeds, discount rates, and other assumptions. The assumptions used in the valuation were based on input from buyers, brokers and other qualified personnel, as well as market knowledge. The key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Company s SBA loan servicing rights included a weighted average lifetime constant prepayment rate equal to , and a weighted average discount rate equal to . 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Time deposits were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table summarizes the Company s time deposits by remaining contractual maturity: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total time deposits Money market accounts Savings accounts Time deposits Total The Federal Reserve System requires cash balances to be maintained at the FRB based on certain deposit levels. There was minimum reserve requirement for the Banks at December 31, 2022. Average amount outstanding during the period Weighted average interest rate for the period The Company enters into repurchase agreements to facilitate the needs of its clients. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company sold securities under agreements to repurchase totaling million, million and million, respectively. The Company pledged mortgage-backed securities with a fair value of approximately million, million and million, as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for these agreements. The Company monitors collateral levels on a continuous basis and may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had million, million and million, respectively, of excess collateral pledged for repurchase agreements. The vast majority of the Company s repurchase agreements are overnight transactions with clients that mature the day after the transaction. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, of the Company s repurchase agreements were for periods longer than one day. The repurchase agreements are subject to a master netting arrangement; however, the Company has not offset any of the amounts shown in the consolidated financial statements. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 million. The balance on the note at December 31, 2022, net of long-term debt issuance costs totaling million, totaled million. Interest expense totaling million was recorded within other liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The note is subordinated, unsecured and matures on November 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the note is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at per annum until November 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From November 15, 2026 until November 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in arrears, and the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus basis points. The Company deployed the net proceeds from the sale of the note for general corporate purposes. Prior to November 5, 2026, the Company may redeem the note only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on November 5, 2026 through maturity, the note may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the note being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the note being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The note is not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. As part of the acquisition of BOJH on October 1, 2022, the Company assumed subordinated note purchase agreements to issue and sell fixed-to-floating rate notes totaling million. The balance on the notes at December 31, 2022, net of the fair value adjustment from the acquisition totaling million, totaled million. Interest expense related to the notes totaling million was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The notes, containing similar terms, are subordinated, unsecured and mature on June 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at per annum until June 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From June 15, 2026 until June 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in arrears, and the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus basis points. Prior to June 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the notes only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on June 15, 2026 through maturity, the notes may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Federal Home Loan Bank advances As a member of the FHLB, the Banks have access to a line of credit and term financing from the FHLB with total available credit of billion at December 31, 2022. The Banks may utilize the FHLB line of credit as a funding mechanism for originated loans and loans held for sale. At December 31, 2022, the Banks had million of outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Banks had outstanding borrowings from the FHLB. The Banks may pledge investment securities and loans as collateral for FHLB advances. There were investment securities pledged at December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. Loans pledged were billion, billion and billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company incurred million of interest expense related to FHLB advances and other short-term borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 . The Company and the Banks had regulatory capital ratios in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions, as detailed in the tables below: N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Common equity tier 1 risk based capital: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Tier 1 risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Total risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust 

December 31, 2021 Required to be Required to be well capitalized under considered prompt corrective adequately Actual action provisions capitalized (1) Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Tier 1 leverage ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Common equity tier 1 risk based capital: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Tier 1 risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Total risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank 

(1) Includes the capital conservation buffer of . 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Bank card fees Trust and wealth management services Non-interest income (in-scope of Topic 606) Non-interest income (out-of-scope of Topic 606) Total non-interest income Non-interest expense In-scope of Topic 606: Gain on OREO sales, net Total revenue in-scope of Topic 606 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Contract acquisition costs The Company utilizes the practical expedient which allows entities to expense immediately contract acquisition costs when the asset that would have resulted from capitalizing these costs would have been amortized in one year or less. The Company has not capitalized any contract acquisition costs. shares. Any shares that are subject to stock options or stock appreciation rights under the 2014 Plan will be counted against the amount available for issuance as one share for every share granted, and any shares that are subject to awards under the 2014 Plan other than stock options or stock appreciation rights will be counted against the amount available for issuance as shares for every one share granted. The 2014 Plan provides for recycling of shares from both the Prior Plan and the 2014 Plan, the terms of which are further described in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Upon an option exercise, it is the Company s policy to issue shares from treasury stock. To date, the Company has issued stock options, restricted stock and performance stock units under the plans. The Compensation Committee sets the option exercise price at the time of grant, but in no case is the exercise price less than the fair market value of a share of stock at the date of grant. Stock options The Company issues stock options, which are primarily time-vesting with 1/3 vesting on each of the first, second and third anniversary of the date of grant or date of hire. The expense associated with the awarded stock options was measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The outstanding option awards vest or have vested on a graded basis over 1 - of continuous service and have contractual terms. Weighted average risk-free interest rate (1) Expected volatility (2) Expected term (years) (3) Dividend yield (4) 

 (1) The risk-free rate for the expected term of the options was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the date of grant and based on the expected term. (2) Expected volatility was calculated using historical volatility of the Company s stock price for a period commensurate with the expected term of the options. For periods prior to the third quarter of 2018, expected volatility was calculated using a historical volatility of the Company s stock price coupled with those of a peer group of eight comparable publicly traded companies for a period commensurate with the expected term of the options. (3) The expected term was estimated to be the average of the contractual vesting term and time to expiration. (4) The dividend yield was calculated in accordance with the Company s dividend policy at the time of grant. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 Options vested and expected to vest Stock option expense is a component of salaries and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations and totaled million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the plans. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. - - - - and above Restricted stock awards The Company issues primarily time-based restricted stock awards that vest over a range of a 1 - period. Restricted stock with time-based vesting was valued at the fair value of the shares on the date of grant as they are assumed to be held beyond the vesting period. Performance stock units During the years ended December 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company granted , , and performance stock units in accordance with the 2014 Plan, respectively. The Company grants performance stock units which represent initial target awards and do not reflect potential increases or decreases resulting from the final performance results, which are to be determined at the end of the performance period (vesting date). The actual number of shares to be awarded at the end of the performance period will range from - of the initial target awards. For awards granted in years other than 2020 and 2021, of the award is based on the Company s cumulative earnings per share (EPS target) during the performance period, and of the award is based on the Company s cumulative total shareholder return (TSR target), or TSR, during the performance period. On the vesting date, the Company s TSR will be compared to the respective TSRs of the companies comprising the KBW Regional Index at the grant date to determine the shares awarded. The fair value of the EPS target portion of the award was determined based on the closing stock price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The fair value of the TSR target portion of the award was determined using a Monte Carlo Simulation at the grant date. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. The initial weighted-average performance price for the TSR target portion granted during 2022 was . During 2022 and 2021, the Company awarded an additional and units due to final performance results related to performance stock units granted in 2019 and 2018, respectively. Granted Adjustment due to performance Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Adjustment due to performance Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested restricted stock awards and performance stock units totaled million and million, respectively, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years and years, respectively. Expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards totaled million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Expense related to non-vested performance stock units totaled million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards and units is a component of salaries and benefits in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Employee stock purchase plan The 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP is intended to be a qualified plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and allows eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock up to a limit of per calendar year and shares per offering period. The price an employee pays for shares is of the fair market value of Company common stock on the last day of the offering period. The offering periods are the periods commencing on March 1 and September 1 of each year and ending on August 31 and February 28 (or February 29 in the case of a leap year) of each year. There are no vesting or other restrictions on the stock purchased by employees under the ESPP. Under the ESPP, the total number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance totaled shares, of which was available for issuance at December 31, 2022. Under the ESPP, employees purchased shares and shares during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 and shares of Class A common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Company had and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of restricted Class A common stock issued but not yet vested under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan that are not included in shares outstanding until such time that they are vested; however, these shares do have voting and certain dividend rights during the vesting period. On February 24, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to million of the Company s stock from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The remaining authorization under the current program as of December 31, 2022 was million. and shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, exclusive of issued non-vested restricted shares. Certain stock options and non-vested restricted shares are potentially dilutive securities, but are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because to do so would have been anti-dilutive for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Less: income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Income allocated to common shareholders Weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Dilutive effect of equity awards Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted earnings per common share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share The Company had , and outstanding stock options to purchase common stock at weighted average exercise prices of , and per share at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which have time-vesting criteria, and as such, any dilution is derived only for the time frame in which the vesting criteria had been met and where the inclusion of those stock options is dilutive. The Company had , and unvested restricted shares and performance stock units issued as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which have performance, market and/or time-vesting criteria, and as such, any dilution is derived only for the time frame in which the vesting criteria had been met and where the inclusion of those restricted shares and units is dilutive. million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Included in income tax expense was million of tax benefit, million of tax benefit and thousand of tax expense from stock compensation activity during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 State and local Total current income tax expense Deferred expense: U.S. federal State and local Total deferred income tax expense Income tax expense (b) Tax Rate Reconciliation State income taxes, net of federal benefits Tax-exempt loan interest income ) ) ) Bank-owned life insurance income ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Non-deductible compensation Non-deductible acquisition costs Other ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 (c) Significant Components of Deferred Taxes Allowance for credit losses Lease liability Accrued compensation Accrued stock-based compensation Accrued expenses Capitalized start-up costs Other reserves Nonaccrual interest income Capitalized research and development costs Excess tax basis of acquired loans over carrying value Net operating loss Other real estate owned Net deferred loan fees Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Premises and equipment ) ) Mortgage servicing rights ) ) Excess book basis in partnerships ) ) Net deferred loan costs ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryovers NOLs of million and million, respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income. The federal NOLs expire in varying amounts through 2034, and the state NOLs expire in varying amounts between 2026 and 2034. While these NOLs are subject to certain restrictions on the amount that can be utilized per year, the Company does not expect any tax attribute carryovers to expire before they are utilized. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, if any (including the impact of available carryforward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, management believes a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset is not necessary based on the current and future projected earnings of the Company. The Company has no ASC 740-10 unrecognized tax benefits recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase within the next 12 months. The Company and its subsidiary banks are subject to income tax by federal, state and local government taxing authorities. The Company is not currently subject to any open income tax examinations; however, the Company s tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2019 through 2022 remain subject to examination by U.S. federal income tax authorities. The years open to examination by state and local government authorities vary by jurisdiction. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 Other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate products Other assets Other liabilities Interest rate lock commitments Other assets Other liabilities Forward contracts Other assets Other liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Cash flow hedges The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest income and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses floors and collars as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate floors designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates fall below the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up-front premium. Interest rate collars designated as cash flow hedges involve the payments of variable-rate amounts if interest rates rise above the cap strike rate on the contract and receipt of variable-rate amounts if interest rates fall below the floor strike rate on the contract. Beginning with the third quarter of 2022, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate loan assets. For derivatives that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into interest income in the same period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized over the life of the hedge on a systematic and rational basis. The earnings recognition of excluded components is included in interest income. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest income as interest payments are received on the Company s variable-rate assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash flow hedges with a notional amount of million. The Company expects to reclassify million from accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI as a reduction to interest income during the next 12 months. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 million that were designated as fair value hedges. These interest rate swaps were associated with million of the Company s fixed-rate loans included in loans receivable in the statements of financial condition as of December 31, 2022, before a gain of million from the fair value hedge adjustment in the carrying amount. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million that were designated as fair value hedges. These interest rate swaps were associated with million of the Company s fixed-rate loans as of December 31, 2021, excluding a gain of million from the fair value hedge adjustment in the carrying amount. For derivatives designated and that qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. The Company includes the gain or loss on the hedged items in the same line item as the offsetting loss or gain on the related derivatives. Non-designated hedges Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and consist of interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients that facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting interest rate swaps that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate swaps associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the client swaps and the offsetting swaps are recognized directly in earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had matched interest rate swap transactions with an aggregate notional amount of million related to this program. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had matched interest rate swap transactions with an aggregate notional amount of million. As part of its mortgage banking activities, the Company enters into interest rate lock commitments, which are commitments to originate loans where the interest rate on the loan is determined prior to funding and the clients have locked into that interest rate. The Company then locks in the loan and interest rate with an investor and commits to deliver the loan if settlement occurs best efforts or commits to deliver the locked loan in a binding mandatory delivery program with an investor. Fair value changes of certain loans under interest rate lock commitments are hedged with forward sales contracts of MBS. Forward sales contracts of MBS are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in non-interest income. Interest rate lock commitments and commitments to deliver loans to investors are considered derivatives. The market value of interest rate lock commitments and best efforts contracts are not readily ascertainable with precision because they are not actively traded in stand-alone markets. The Company determines the fair value of interest rate lock commitments and delivery contracts by measuring the fair value of the underlying assets. The fair value of the underlying assets is impacted by current interest rates, remaining origination fees, costs of production to be incurred, and the probability that the interest rate lock commitments will close or will be funded. Certain additional risks arise from these forward delivery contracts in that the counterparties to the contracts may not be able to meet the terms of the contracts. The Company does not expect any counterparty to any MBS contract to fail to meet its obligation. Additional risks inherent in mandatory delivery programs include the risk that, if the Company fails to deliver the loans subject to interest rate risk lock commitments, it will still be obligated to pair off MBS to the counterparty. Should this be required, the Company could incur significant costs in acquiring replacement loans and such costs could have an adverse effect in the consolidated financial statements. The fair value of the mortgage banking derivative is recorded as a freestanding asset or liability with the change in value being recognized in current earnings during the period of change. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 million and forward contracts with a notional value of million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the Company had interest rate lock commitments with a notional value of million and forward contracts with a notional value of million. Effect of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of operations and accumulated other comprehensive income 

Location of gain (loss) Amount of loss recognized in income on hedged items recognized in income on For the years ended December 31, Hedged items hedged items 2022 2021 Interest rate products Interest and fees on loans ) ) 

Location of gain (loss) Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivatives Derivatives not designated recognized in income on For the years ended December 31, as hedging instruments derivatives 2022 2021 Interest rate products Other non-interest expense Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking income ) ) Forward contracts Mortgage banking income Total ) ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) Credit-risk-related contingent features The Company has agreements with its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness for reasons other than an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. The Company also has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company fails to maintain its status as a well/adequately capitalized institution, then the counterparty has the right to terminate the derivative positions and the Company would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the termination value of derivatives in a net liability position related to these agreements was million, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk. The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties and, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had met these thresholds. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at December 31, 2022, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at the termination value. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 Credit card lines of credit Unfunded commitments under lines of credit Commercial and standby letters of credit Total unfunded commitments Commitments to fund loans Commitments to fund loans are legally binding agreements to lend to clients in accordance with predetermined contractual provisions providing there have been no violations of any conditions specified in the contract. These commitments are generally at variable interest rates and are for specific periods or contain termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. The total amounts of unused commitments are not necessarily representative of future credit exposure or cash requirements, as commitments often expire without being drawn upon. Credit card lines of credit The Company extends lines of credit to clients through the use of credit cards issued by NBH Bank. These lines of credit represent the maximum amounts allowed to be funded, many of which will not exhaust the established limits, and as such, these amounts are not necessarily representations of future cash requirements or credit exposure. Unfunded commitments under lines of credit In the ordinary course of business, the Company extends revolving credit to its clients. These arrangements may require the payment of a fee. Commercial and standby letters of credit As a provider of financial services, the Company routinely issues commercial and standby letters of credit, which may be financial standby letters of credit or performance standby letters of credit. These are various forms of back-up commitments to guarantee the performance of a client to a third party. While these arrangements represent a potential cash outlay for the Company, the majority of these letters of credit will expire without being drawn upon. Letters of credit are subject to the same underwriting and credit approval process as traditional loans, and as such, many of them have various forms of collateral securing the commitment, which may include real estate, personal property, receivables or marketable securities. Contingencies Mortgage loans sold to investors may be subject to repurchase or indemnification in the event of specific default by the borrower or subsequent discovery that underwriting standards were not met. The Company established a reserve liability for expected losses related to these representations and warranties based upon management s evaluation of actual and historic loss history, delinquency trends or other documentation or deficiency findings in the portfolio and economic conditions. Charges against the reserve during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaling million and million, respectively, were primarily driven by early payoffs. The Company recorded a repurchase reserve of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Reserve related to acquisitions Provision released from operating expense, net ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Ending balance In the ordinary course of business, the Company and NBH Bank may be subject to litigation. Based upon the available information and advice from the Company s legal counsel, management does not believe that any potential, threatened or pending litigation to which it is a party will have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. transfers of financial instruments between the hierarchy levels. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 . The Company estimates fair value based on quoted market prices for similar loans in the secondary market and are classified as level 2. Interest rate swap derivatives The Company s derivative instruments are limited to interest rate swaps that may be accounted for as fair value hedges or non-designated hedges. The fair values of the swaps incorporate credit valuation adjustments in order to appropriately reflect nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. The credit valuation adjustment is the dollar amount of the fair value adjustment related to credit risk and utilizes a probability weighted calculation to quantify the potential loss over the life of the trade. The credit valuation adjustments are calculated by determining the total expected exposure of the derivatives (which incorporates both the current and potential future exposure) and then applying the respective counterparties credit spreads to the exposure offset by marketable collateral posted, if any. Certain derivative transactions are executed with counterparties who are large financial institutions dealers ). International Swaps and Derivative Association Master Agreements ISDA and Credit Support Annexes CSA are employed for all contracts with dealers. These contracts contain bilateral collateral arrangements. The fair value inputs of these financial instruments are determined using discounted cash flow analysis through the use of third-party models whose significant inputs are readily observable market parameters, primarily yield curves, with appropriate adjustments for liquidity and credit risk, and are classified as level 2. Mortgage banking derivatives The Company relies on a third-party pricing service to value its mortgage banking derivative financial assets and liabilities, which the Company classifies as a level 3 valuation. The external valuation model to estimate the fair value of its interest rate lock commitments to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale includes grouping the interest rate lock commitments by interest rate and terms, applying an average estimated pull-through rate based on historical experience, and then multiplying by quoted investor prices determined to be reasonably applicable to the loan commitment groups based on interest rate, terms, and rate lock expiration dates of the loan commitment groups. The Company also relies on an external valuation model to estimate the fair value of its forward commitments to sell residential mortgage loans (i.e., an estimate of what the Company would receive or pay to terminate the forward delivery contract based on market prices for similar financial instruments), which includes matching specific terms and maturities of the forward commitments against applicable investor pricing. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Municipal securities Corporate debt Loans held for sale Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total liabilities at fair value 

December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Investment securities available-for-sale: Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Municipal securities Corporate debt Loans held for sale Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total liabilities at fair value Loss included in earnings, net ) Fees and costs included in earnings, net Balance at December 31, 2022 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Measured on a Non-recurring Basis Certain assets may be recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis as conditions warrant. These non-recurring fair value measurements typically result from the application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or a write-down occurring during the period. Individually evaluated loans The Company records individually evaluated loans based on the fair value of the collateral when it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all contractual amounts due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. The Company relies on third-party appraisals and internal assessments, utilizing a discount rate in the range of - , with a weighted average discount rate of , in determining the estimated fair values of these loans. The inputs used to determine the fair values of loans are considered level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a specific reserve of million related to loans with a carrying balance of million. At December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a specific reserve of million related to loans with a carrying balance of million. OREO OREO is recorded at the fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs using a range of - with a weighted average discount rate of . The estimated fair values of OREO are updated periodically and further write-downs may be taken to reflect a new basis. The Company recognized million and million of OREO impairments in its consolidated statements of operations during 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, impairments included million recorded within problem asset workout in the consolidated statements of operations and million included within other liabilities in the statements of financial condition to reduce the payable for an SBA redemption agreement. The fair values of OREO are derived from third party price opinions or appraisals that generally use an income approach or a market value approach. If reasonable comparable appraisals are not available, the Company may use internally developed models to determine fair values. The inputs used to determine the fair value of OREO properties are considered level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. Mortgage servicing rights MSRs represent the value associated with servicing residential real estate loans that have been sold to outside investors with servicing retained. The fair value for servicing assets is determined through discounted cash flow analysis and utilizes a discount rate of with a weighted average discount rate of at December 31, 2022 and a prepayment speed assumption range from to with a weighted average rate of at December 31, 2022 as inputs. At December 31, 2021, discount rates ranged from to with a weighted average discount rate of and prepayment speed assumption range from to with a weighted average rate of . The weighted average MSRs are subject to impairment testing. The carrying values of these MSRs are reviewed quarterly for impairment based upon the calculation of fair value. For purposes of measuring impairment, the MSRs are stratified into certain risk characteristics including note type and note term. If the valuation model reflects a value less than the carrying value, MSRs are adjusted to fair value through a valuation allowance and the adjustment is included in mortgage banking income in the consolidated statements of operations. There was million of impairment on MSRs during 2022, compared to million of recovery during 2021 . The inputs used to determine the fair values of MSRs are considered level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. SBA servicing rights SBA loan servicing assets represent the value associated with servicing small business real estate loans that have been sold to outside investors with servicing retained. The fair value for servicing assets is determined through a discounted cash flow analysis and utilizes a weighted average discount rate of and a weighted average lifetime constant prepayment rate of . SBA loan servicing assets are amortized over the period of the estimated future net servicing life of the underlying assets. SBA loan servicing assets are evaluated quarterly for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to their amortized cost. Impairment is recognized on the income statement to the extent the fair value is less than the capitalized amount of the SBA loan servicing asset. The Company recorded impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022. Premises and equipment Premises and equipment held-for-sale are written down to estimated fair value less costs to sell in the period in which the held-for-sale criteria are met. Fair value is estimated in a process which considers current local commercial real estate market conditions and the judgment of the sales agent and often involves obtaining third party appraisals from certified real estate appraisers. These fair value measurements are classified as Level 3. Unobservable inputs to these measurements, which include estimates and judgments often used in conjunction with appraisals, are not readily quantifiable. The Company recognized impairment related to premises and equipment during the year ended December 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 banking centers and recognized million of impairments in its consolidated statements of operations related to premises and equipment classified as held-for-sale totaling million. The Company may be required to record fair value adjustments on other available-for-sale and municipal securities valued at par on a non-recurring basis. Other real estate owned Mortgage servicing rights Total 

December 31, 2021 Total Losses from fair value changes Individually evaluated loans Other real estate owned Premises and equipment Total The Company did not record any liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis during 2022 and 2021. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. Treasury securities - AFS Level 1 U.S. Treasury securities - HTM Level 1 Mortgage-backed securities residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises available-for-sale Level 2 Mortgage-backed securities other residential mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises available-for-sale Level 2 Municipal securities available-for-sale Level 2 Corporate debt Level 2 Other available-for-sale securities Level 3 Mortgage-backed securities residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises held-to-maturity Level 2 Mortgage-backed securities other residential mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises held-to-maturity Level 2 FHLB and FRB stock Level 2 Loans receivable Level 3 Loans held for sale Level 2 Accrued interest receivable Level 2 Interest rate swap derivatives Level 2 Mortgage banking derivatives Level 3 LIABILITIES Deposit transaction accounts Level 2 Time deposits Level 2 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Level 2 Long-term debt Level 2 Federal Home Loan Bank advances Level 2 Accrued interest payable Level 2 Interest rate swap derivatives Level 2 Mortgage banking derivatives Level 3 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 Non-marketable securities Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Long-term debt, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Condensed Statements of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Income Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Distributions from subsidiaries (Loss) income from non-marketable securities ) Total income Expenses Interest expense Salaries and benefits Other expenses Total expenses Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net excess tax (benefit) expense from stock-based compensation ) ) Amortization Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Outlay for business combinations ) Purchase of non-marketable securities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments of long-term debt issuance costs ) Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of dividends ) ) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the year 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES. There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosures. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES . Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Item 9A below. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting On September 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Community Bancorporation, the bank holding company of Rock Canyon Bank, and on October 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Bancshares of Jackson Hole, the bank holding company of Bank of Jackson Hole. During 2022 subsequent to the acquisition closings, the Company was in the process of incorporating Rock Canyon Bank s and Bank of Jackson Hole s internal controls and procedures into its internal controls over financial reporting. Pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission s Staff interpretive guidance the assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of an assessment for a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisitions. The scope of the Company s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting at December 31, 2022 does not include these acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, the total assets of Rock Canyon Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole, excluding goodwill and intangibles, represented approximately 22 of consolidated assets, and total revenues of RCB and BOJH represented approximately 8 of consolidated revenues. Other than mentioned above, there were no changes made in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting, during the most recently completed fiscal year. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors National Bank Holdings Corporation: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited National Bank Holdings Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial condition of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. The Company acquired Rock Canyon Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole during 2022, and management excluded the entities from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the total assets of Rock Canyon Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole, excluding goodwill and intangibles, represented approximately 22 of consolidated assets, and total revenues of Rock Canyon Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole represented approximately 8 of consolidated revenues included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Rock Canyon Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Kansas City, Missouri February 28, 2023 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATIO N. None. PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . The Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. The Company s Supplemental Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers, which applies to the CEO, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, is available at www.nationalbankholdings.com. Amendments to, and waivers of, the code of ethics are publicly disclosed as required by applicable law, regulation or rule. Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . The Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. The Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES . The Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year-end. 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 PART I V Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: (1) Financial Statements: 

Page 

 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

 74 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 75 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 76 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

 77 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 78 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 79 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules are omitted as such information is inapplicable or is included in the financial statements. (b) The exhibits filed as part of this report and exhibits incorporated herein by reference to other documents are listed below: 

Exhibit No Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan Merger, dated as of June 23, 2017, by and among Peoples, Inc., National Bank Holdings Corporation, the Significant Stockholders (as defined herein) and Winton A. Winter, Jr., solely in his capacity as the Holders Representative (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 8-K dated June 23, 2017 and filed on June 27, 2017) 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 31, 2022, by and among Bancshares of Jackson Hole Incorporated and National Bank Holdings Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 8-K dated March 31, 2022 and filed on April 5, 2022) 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 18, 2022, by and among Community Bancorporation, National Bank Holdings Corporation, the Significant Stockholders named therein and Park Roney (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on April 20, 2022) 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-177971), filed on August 22, 2012) 3.2 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2014) 4.1 Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-177971), filed on August 22, 2012) 4.2 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 10-K, filed on February 26, 2020) 

 135 

Table of Contents 
 4.3 Form of 3.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2031 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on November 5, 2021) 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between NBH Holdings Corp. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration Statement No. 333-177971), filed on September 10, 2012) 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated May 22, 2010, by and between G. Timothy Laney and NBH Holdings Corp. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration Statement No. 333-177971), filed on September 10, 2012) 10.3 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated November 17, 2015, by and between G. Timothy Laney and National Bank Holdings Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K, filed on November 20, 2015) 10.4 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 17, 2015, by and between Richard U. Newfield, Jr. and National Bank Holdings Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 8-K, filed on November 20, 2015) 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated November 17, 2015, by and between Zsolt K. Bessk and National Bank Holdings Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 8-K, filed on November 20, 2015) 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated May 2, 2018, by and between Aldis Birkans and National Bank Holdings Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K, filed on May 2, 2018) 10.7 Transition Agreement, dated May 5, 2020, by and between National Bank Holdings Corporation and Zsolt K. Bessk (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K, filed on May 5, 2020) 10.8 Employment Agreement, dated May 5, 2020, by and between National Bank Holdings Corporation and Angela N. Petrucci (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q, filed on August 5, 2020) 10.9 Change of Control Agreement applicable to executive officers not party to an employee agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2018) 10.10 Support Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2017, by and among Peoples, Inc., National Bank Holdings Corporation and the undersigned stockholders of Peoples, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated June 23, 2017 and filed on June 27, 2017) 10.11 NBH Holdings Corp. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-177971), filed on November 14, 2011) 10.12 Amendment to the NBH Holdings Corp. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan dated February 22, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our form 10-K, filed on February 24, 2017) 10.13 National Bank Holdings Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 30, 2015) 

 136 

Table of Contents 
 10.14 National Bank Holdings Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 31, 2014) 10.15 Form of National Bank Holdings Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (For Management) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to our Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2019) 10.16 Form of National Bank Holdings Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (For Management) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2019) 10.17 Form of National Bank Holdings Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (For Management) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2019) 10.18 Form of National Bank Holdings Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (For Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q, filed on May 9, 2014) 10.19 Form of National Bank Holdings Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (TSR) (For Management) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q, filed on August 5, 2020) 10.20 Form of National Bank Holdings Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (ROTA) (For Management) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q, filed on August 5, 2020) 10.21 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 5, 2021 by and among National Bank Holding Corporation and the Purchaser named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated and filed on November 5, 2021) 10.22 Form of Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, by and among Bancshares of Jackson Hole Incorporated, National Bank Holdings Corporation and certain shareholders of Bancshares of Jackson Hole Incorporated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated March 31, 2022 and filed on April 5, 2022) 10.23 Form of Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2022, by and among National Bank Holdings Corporation and certain shareholders of Community Bancorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on April 20, 2022) 10.24 Form of Aircraft Time-Sharing Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q, filed on August 2, 2022) 21.1 Subsidiaries of National Bank Holdings Corporation 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 137 

Table of Contents 
 101.INS XBRL Instance the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE S Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on February 28, 2023, on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. National Bank Holdings Corporation 

By 

/s/ G. Timothy Laney 

G. Timothy Laney 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

139 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on February 28, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

/s/ G. TIMOTHY LANEY 

 G. Timothy Laney 

 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ ALDIS BIRKANS 

 Aldis Birkans 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal financial officer) 

/s/ NICOLE VAN DENABEELE 

 Nicole Van Denabeele 

 Chief Accounting Officer 

 (principal accounting officer) 

/s/ RALPH W. CLERMONT 

 Ralph W. Clermont, Lead Director 

/s/ ROBERT E. DEAN 

 Robert E. Dean, Director 

/s/ ALKA GUPTA 

 Alka Gupta, Director 

/s/ FRED J. JOSEPH 

 Fred J. Joseph, Director 

/s/ PATRICK G. SOBERS 

 Patrick G. Sobers, Director 

/s/ MICHO F. SPRING 

 Micho F. Spring, Director 

/s/ BURNEY S. WARREN, III 

 Burney S. Warren, III, Director 

/s/ ART ZEILE 

 Art Zeile, Director 

140 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 nbhc-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Trade Names NBH Bank Colorado Bank Midwest; Community Banks of Colorado; Hillcrest Bank; Bank of Jackson Hole; NBH Capital Finance; Bank Midwest Mortgage; Community Banks Mortgage, a Division of NBH Bank; Hillcrest Bank Mortgage; and Bank of Jackson Hole Mortgage Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Wyoming Bank of Jackson Hole Trust; Bank of Jackson Hole Trust and Wealth Partners NBH Realty I, LLC Missouri NBH Realty II, LLC Missouri 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 nbhc-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-267226, 333-184054, and 333-222792) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-204071 and 333-195785) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the related notes of National Bank Holdings Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Kansas City, Missouri February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 nbhc-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certifications of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, G. Timothy Laney, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of National Bank Holdings Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

 February 28, 2023 

 /s/ G. Timothy Laney 

G. Timothy Laney 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 nbhc-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certifications of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Aldis Birkans, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of National Bank Holdings Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 9 

Date: 

 February 28, 2023 

 /s/ Aldis Birkans 

Aldis Birkans 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 nbhc-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the annual report of National Bank Holdings Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers certifies pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: (1) this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 /s/ G. Timothy Laney G. Timothy Laney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 28, 2023 /s/ Aldis Birkans Aldis Birkans Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 nbhc-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 nbhc-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nbhc-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nbhc-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nbhc-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

