<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1824893_0000950170-23-011118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19934031</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>785187</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6808921</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7183203</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1934910</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2893037</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011118.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331062757
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Surrozen, Inc./DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001824893
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				981556622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39635
		FILM NUMBER:		23783088

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		171 OYSTER POINT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-475-2820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		171 OYSTER POINT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011118.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 srzn-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number: 
 
 Surrozen, Inc . 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 3.00 for shares of the Registrant s common stock as reported by the NYSE American, was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of our common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 42 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 87 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 87 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 87 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 87 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 88 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 88 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 89 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 89 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 102 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 129 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 129 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 130 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 131 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 140 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 142 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 143 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 145 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 147 

i 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE AND FREQUENTLY USED TERMS 
 
 On August 11, 2021, Legacy Surrozen, Surrozen and Merger Sub (see the section below titled Frequently Used Terms for the meaning of certain capitalized words) consummated the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date, Consonance (i) changed its jurisdiction of incorporation from Cayman Islands to the State of Delaware by deregistering as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and domesticating and continuing as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, and (ii) changed its name from Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp. to Surrozen, Inc., thereafter referred to as Surrozen. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination of Legacy Surrozen and Surrozen was effected through the merger of Legacy Surrozen with and into Merger Sub, with Legacy Surrozen surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Surrozen. 
 
 At the time of the Merger on the Closing Date (i) each share and vested equity award of Legacy Surrozen that was outstanding immediately prior to the Merger was exchanged for shares of common stock of Surrozen, par value 0.0001 per share, or Common Stock, or comparable vested equity awards that are settled or are exercisable for shares of Common Stock, as applicable, based on an exchange ratio of 0.175648535, and (ii) all unvested equity awards of Legacy Surrozen were exchanged for comparable unvested equity awards that are settled or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, as applicable, determined based on the same exchange ratio. All issued and outstanding common stock, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stock awards of Legacy Surrozen and per share amounts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Report, and relating share amounts in periods prior to the Closing Date have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio established in the Business Combination. See Note 3, Recapitalization for additional details. 
 
 Frequently Used Terms 
 
 In this Report, references to Surrozen, the Company, we, us, our and other similar terms refer to the business of Surrozen, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including Legacy Surrozen). In addition, this Report includes references to the following defined terms: 
 
 Consonance means Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp. (which was re-named Surrozen, Inc. in connection with the Domestication). 
 
 Business Combination means the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including, among other things, the Merger. 
 
 Business Combination Agreemen t means the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among Consonance, Merger Sub and Legacy Surrozen. 
 
 Closing means the closing of the Business Combination. 
 
 Closing Date means August 11, 2021, the date on which the Closing occurred. 
 
 Consonance IPO means Consonance s initial public offering, consummated on October 10, 2020. 
 
 DGCL means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 Domestication means the continuation of Consonance by way of domestication of Consonance into a Delaware corporation with the ordinary shares of Consonance becoming shares of common stock of the Delaware corporation under the applicable provisions of the Cayman Islands Companies Act (As Revised) and the DGCL. 
 
 Legacy Surrozen means Surrozen Operating, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Merger means the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Surrozen, with Legacy Surrozen continuing as the surviving corporation. 
 
 Merger Sub means Perseverance Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Consonance. 
 
 PIPE Financing means that certain private placement in the aggregate amount of 120.2 million, consummated immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, pursuant to those certain Subscription Agreements with Consonance, pursuant to which the subscribers purchased 12,020,000 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of 10.00 per share. 
 2 

PIPE Warrants means an aggregate of 4,006,657 warrants issued to the subscribers in the PIPE Financing. 
 
 Private Placement Warrants means the 144,666 warrants purchased by the Sponsor in connection with the Consonance IPO in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Consonance IPO. 
 
 Public Warrants means the 3,066,651 warrants included as a component of the Consonance units sold in the Consonance IPO, each of which is exercisable, at an exercise price of 11.50, for one share of Common Stock, in accordance with its terms. 
 
 Sponsor means Consonance Life Sciences, a Cayman Islands limited liability company 
 
 Surrozen means Consonance after the Domestication. 
 
 Warrants means the PIPE Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants. 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements contained in this Report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements include statements about future financial and operating results of Surrozen; statements about the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations of Surrozen; and statements regarding future performance. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of terminology such as outlook, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, could, seeks, approximately, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these words or other comparable words or phrases. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report reflect our current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause its actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. There are no guarantees that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 the initiation, cost, timing, progress and results of research and development activities, preclinical and clinical trials with respect to SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413, and potential future drug candidates; 

our ability to develop and expand our drug discovery and development capabilities; 

our ability to obtain the necessary capital to fund our operations while we conduct clinical trials, seek regulatory approval for our product candidates, and complete the product development process; 

our ability to identify, develop and commercialize drug candidates; 

the successful development and commercialization of products that compete with our product candidates or receive regulatory approval in advance of our product candidates; 

changes in personnel and availability of qualified personnel; 

our ability to manage growth and expand business operations effectively; 

the effects of macroeconomic conditions, volatile market conditions, and global events and the actions of U.S. and foreign governments to respond to these events; 

whether the few stockholders who own a large number of shares of our common stock exercise their voting power in a manner that adversely affects the Company or our stockholders; 

whether we are able to maintain the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq; and 

the increasingly competitive environment in which Surrozen operates. 

3 

In addition, statements that Surrozen believes or we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and such statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we are under no obligation (and expressly disclaim any such obligation) to update or revise our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could cause our future results, performance or transactions to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement, please see the section titled Risk Factors . You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are based only on information currently available to us (or to third parties making the forward-looking statements) as of the date of this Report. 
 This Report contains references to trademarks, trade names and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this Report may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 
 
 4 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Corporate History and Background 
 We are a clinical stage biotechnology company committed to discovering and developing drug candidates to selectively modulate the Wnt pathway, a critical mediator of tissue repair, in a broad range of organs and tissues. We are located in South San Francisco, California. 
 On August 11, 2021, Consonance consummated a business combination, or the Business Combination, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, entered into on April 15, 2021 among Consonance, Merger Sub, and Legacy Surrozen. Legacy Surrozen is a Delaware company incorporated on August 12, 2015. Upon closing of the Business Combination, Consonance became a Delaware corporation and was renamed to Surrozen, Inc., Legacy Surrozen was renamed to Surrozen Operating, Inc., and Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Surrozen, with Legacy Surrozen as the surviving company and, after giving effect to such merger, continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Surrozen. 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to transform the treatment of serious disease by fully exploiting the Wnt pathway. We are discovering and developing biologic drug candidates to selectively modulate the Wnt pathway, a critical mediator of tissue repair, in a broad range of organs and tissues, for human diseases. Building upon the seminal work of our founders and scientific advisors who discovered the Wnt gene and key regulators of the Wnt pathway, we have made breakthrough discoveries that we believe will overcome previous limitations in harnessing the potential of Wnt biology. These breakthroughs enable us to rapidly and flexibly design tissue-targeted therapeutics that modulate Wnt signaling. As a result of our discoveries, we are pioneering the selective activation of Wnt signaling, designing and engineering Wnt pathway mimetics, and advancing tissue-selective Wnt candidates. 
 Our lead product candidates are multi-specific, antibody-based therapeutics that mimic the roles of naturally occurring Wnt or R-spondin proteins, which are involved in activation and enhancement of the Wnt pathway, respectively. Given Wnt signaling is essential in tissue maintenance and regeneration throughout the body, we have the potential to target a wide variety of severe diseases, including certain diseases that afflict the intestine, liver, retina, cornea, lung, kidney, cochlea, skin, pancreas and central nervous system. In each of these areas, we believe our approach has the potential to change the treatment paradigm for the disease and substantially impact patient outcomes. 
 Our strategy is to exploit the full potential of Wnt signaling by identifying disease states responsive to Wnt modulation, design tissue-selective therapeutics, and advance candidates into clinical development in targeted indications with high unmet need. Our unique approach and platform technologies have led to the discovery and advancement of two lead product candidates. 
 We initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial in the second quarter of 2022 for SZN-1326, our candidate in development for moderate to severe inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD, with ulcerative colitis, or UC, as our first proposed indication. SZN-1326, a Fzd5 targeted bi-specific antibody, is our first development candidate designed using Surrozen s SWAP technology and targets the Wnt-signaling pathway in the intestinal epithelium. In preclinical animal models of acute and chronic colitis, SZN-1326 has been shown to transiently activate Wnt signaling in the diseased intestine, stimulate intestinal epithelial regeneration, reduce inflammation and reduce disease activity. In November 2022, we announced that we voluntarily paused enrollment in the single ascending dose, or SAD, portion of our Phase 1 clinical trial evaluating SZN-1326 in healthy volunteers. Following the evaluation of the clinical data and further preclinical work, we will be re-initiating the Phase 1a clinical trial in healthy volunteers by mid-2023 based on the minimum anticipated biologically effective level (MABEL) and anticipate safety data by the end of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in ulcerative colitis patients in 2024 and expect proof of concept data to be potentially available in the second half of 2024. 
 We initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial in the second quarter of 2022 for SZN-043, our candidate in development for severe alcoholic hepatitis, or AH. SZN-043, a hepatocyte-specific R-spondin mimetic bispecific fusion protein targeting ASGR1, is the first development candidate using Surrozen s SWEETS technology which is designed to mimic the regenerative properties of the protein R-Spondin by enhancing Wnt signaling in a cell-targeted manner. In multiple preclinical animal models of liver injury and fibrosis, SZN-043 has been shown to selectively activate Wnt signaling in the liver, stimulate transient hepatocyte proliferation, improve liver function and reduce fibrosis. We completed enrollment in the second cohort of the SZN-043 Phase 1a single ascending dose clinical trial in 2022 in healthy volunteers. We opened enrollment for the Phase 1a clinical trial in chronic liver disease, enrolled the first patient in the first quarter of 2023 and expect data to be available in the second half of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis in 2024 and expect proof of concept data to be potentially available in the second half of 2024. 
 
 5 

In the first quarter of 2022, we nominated SZN-413, a Fzd4 targeted bi-specific antibody, as a development candidate for the treatment of retinal vascular associated diseases. Fzd4 mediated Wnt signaling is known to play a critical role in retinal vascular integrity and function. Data generated in preclinical models of retinopathy demonstrated SZN-413 stimulated Wnt signaling and was able to induce normal retinal vessel regrowth while suppressing pathological vessel growth. In October 2022, we executed a Collaboration and Licensing Agreement, or CLA, with Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, or BI, to research, develop and commercialize Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies designed using our SWAP technology, including SZN-413. We anticipate the potential to identify the lead Fzd-4-targeted Wnt agonist product candidate by the end of 2023, which would trigger a 10.0 million milestone payment to us. 
 Fundamental Importance of the Wnt Pathway and Our Founders Roles in Its Discovery 
 The Wnt pathway holds significant therapeutic promise in view of its ability to regulate stem cell renewal, proliferation and differentiation, and its central role in tissue regeneration. Over the past 30 years our founders and advisors have helped establish the fundamental importance of the Wnt pathway in tissue regeneration. Each has been on the forefront of the Wnt signaling pathway research, and their discoveries are the foundation of our approach to therapeutic development. 
 Wnt proteins exert a wide variety of effects on target cells during development. Fundamentally, Wnts are growth stimulatory factors that promote cell proliferation. Compared to other growth factors, two distinctive aspects of Wnt proteins are their lack of specificity and their ability to give shape to growing tissues while inducing cells to proliferate, acting in the process as directional growth factors. Wnt signals can instruct new cells in such a way that organized body plans are generated. Moreover, Wnt proteins employ a number of receptor isoforms and sub-families, generating an array of combinatorial Wnt signaling critical for correctly shaping tissues during development, maintaining tissue architecture in adult life and repairing tissue injury. 
 Dr. Roel Nusse and Dr. Harold Varmus discovered the first Wnt gene in 1982. Wnt signaling has now been shown to be critical to many essential normal functions. Dr. Nusse is a founder of our company and a member of our Scientific Advisory Board. 
 Past Limitations in Targeting the Wnt Pathway for Drug Discovery 
 Although modulation of Wnt signaling has held significant promise for decades, a number of characteristics of Wnt signaling have created obstacles to conventional protein therapeutic approaches. The key obstacles to drug development targeting the Wnt signaling pathway are described below: 
 Potent Pathway Activation: While the activity of naturally occurring Wnt pathway agonists is well established, previous attempts to engineer synthetic Wnt and R-spondin ligands have not resulted in selective, potent activation of Wnt signaling. 
 Selectivity: Naturally occurring Wnt ligands are not selective in their interactions. The same lack of selectivity is observed with naturally occurring R-spondin ligands and their interactions with the cell surface receptors. Moreover, components of the Wnt signaling pathway, which can be targeted with small molecules, are widely expressed and therefore cannot be selectively targeted. 
 Manufacturing: Wnt ligands are highly hydrophobic, making them difficult to express, solubilize and purify and therefore difficult to manufacture. 
 Our Wnt Therapeutics Platform 
 Our Scientific Capabilities 
 We believe that our breakthrough discoveries and technologies will enable us to overcome the challenges facing drug developers targeting the Wnt pathway. We believe we are potentially the first developer to manufacture synthetic, soluble Wnt mimetics. To date, we have developed potent, selective and manufacturable Wnt and R-spondin mimetics that are designed to replicate the role of naturally occurring Wnt and R-spondin proteins. In pursuit of our goal to develop a portfolio of Wnt product candidates that can repair tissue damage and regenerate functional tissues for patients, we are continuing to expand our platform through the development of novel technologies and capabilities required to research, develop, manufacture and ultimately commercialize therapeutic products that address unmet medical needs. Our core capabilities are described below: 
 Wnt Biology Expertise: We have established a deep understanding of the Wnt pathway and its role in disease biology and have invested significantly in our people and technologies that enable us to selectively modulate Wnt signaling. Our research and development organization is led by world-class scientists. We have partnered with key thought leaders in the field, including those on our Scientific Advisory Board, and have developed significant expertise in various areas of biology relevant to the Wnt signaling pathway. 
 Proprietary Antibody Discovery and Research Technologies: We have developed proprietary antibody discovery capabilities that have led to the discovery of two initial antibody technologies that enable us to potently and selectively modulate the Wnt pathway. Our SWAP (Surrozen Wnt signal Activating Protein) technology enables the design and development of Wnt-mimetics, and our SWEETS (Surrozen Wnt signal Enhancers Engineered for Tissue Specificity) technology enables the design and 
 6 

development of R-spondin mimetics. Importantly, our approach provides a flexible and robust platform that has generated multiple antibodies that possess either tissue or cell selectivity based on preclinical studies. 
 Additional Novel Wnt Modulating Technologies: We have developed and filed patent applications for additional Wnt modulating antibody technologies, and are committed to continuously integrating new insights, tools, technologies and capabilities to apply to additional diseases and areas. 
 Genetic Mapping of Wnt Signaling: The role of Wnt signaling in disease and the differential expression of genes involved in Wnt signaling have not been well characterized across many disease states. We isolate RNA for gene expression to identify potential deficiencies in Wnt signaling in specific diseases. Through our genetic mapping, we have increased our understanding of Wnt biology in numerous diseases and Wnts involvement in diseases that had previously not been well-characterized. 
 Protein Science Capabilities: We have invested in building capabilities in key areas of antibody discovery which include: in vitro and in vivo binder discovery, antibody optimization including humanization, structural biology, cell line construction, upstream and downstream process development and purification, bioanalytical characterization, developability assessments including stability and formulatability. These capabilities enable discovery of novel structures and sequences and optimization for pharmacokinetics, potency, selectivity, manufacturability and other drug-like properties. 
 Our Scientific Approach 
 By combining our Wnt biology expertise with our proprietary technologies and capabilities, we have been able to establish a broad array of therapeutic opportunities. Our approach includes: 
 Identifying and characterizing areas where Wnt biology is critical to tissue structure and function. To date, we have investigated the importance of Wnt signaling in over 20 different tissue types and have prioritized multiple tissue types for further exploration, with a plan to continue to expand our efforts. 
 Prioritizing disease opportunities where there is significant evidence based on our proprietary model systems and tool compounds that Wnt activation could play a role in tissue repair in severe disease. 
 Focusing efforts and investments in diseases where the strength of our capabilities can potentially address key limitations of existing therapeutic approaches. 
 Seeking to limit or eliminate the potential oncogenic risk from Wnt pathway activation through our selective activation in the target disease tissue, we focus on severe disease and limited treatment exposure, and mimicking a physiologic repair process that is self-limiting. In preclinical studies, we have observed that the predominant response to Wnt signaling is in diseased tissue. 
 Our Technologies 
 Our two initial proprietary technologies, SWAP and SWEETS, enable us to potently and selectively modulate Wnt signaling through the generation of Wnt and R-spondin mimetics. Using these technologies, we design and develop antibodies that modulate Wnt signaling. Product candidates generated by these technologies have demonstrated the ability to repair tissue damage in multiple preclinical models including colitis and liver injury. We have developed specific candidate molecules for each disease area based on the associated tissue biology, the role of Wnt signaling in disease versus normal tissue, and a functional assessment of our candidate molecules. 
 Our SWAP and SWEETS technologies focus on key regulators of Wnt signaling, Wnt proteins and R-spondins. 
 Wnt Activation: SWAP (Surrozen Wnt signal Activating Protein) 
 Our SWAP molecules are designed to mimic the activity of naturally occurring Wnt proteins. They are bispecific full-length human (IgG) antibodies that, like Wnt proteins, directly activate the Wnt-signaling pathway in target tissue by binding to two of its natural co-receptors, Fzd and Lrp. With our SWAP technology, we combine Fzd and Lrp antibody-binding domains into bispecific antibodies to selectively activate Wnt signaling. We have generated and validated a broad library of SWAPs that have successfully activated Wnt-signaling. Our product candidates, SZN-1326 and SZN-413, utilize our SWAP technology and are designed to activate the Wnt pathway in injured tissue where certain Fzd receptors are expressed and the natural Wnt ligand is disturbed. 
 Key characteristics of our SWAP technology include: 
 Potency: Our Wnt mimetics are multivalent, designed to bind one or more Fzd receptors and one or more Lrp receptors. We demonstrated that the ability to bind to one or more receptors leads to highly potent Wnt signal activation as compared to a protein that can only bind to one Lrp receptor and one Fzd receptor. 
 Selectivity: Our antibody-based proteins are capable of selective binding to individual Fzd and Lrp receptor isoforms and selective isoform binding has the potential to confer tissue selectivity. 
 7 

Manufacturability: Our antibody platform is designed to produce molecules with properties suitable for manufacturing and to overcome the challenges of Wnt protein derivates. Unlike our antibodies, Wnt proteins are highly hydrophobic, making them difficult to express, solubilize and purify. 
 Dr. Christopher Garcia, a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator and one of our founders, enabled our SWAP approach through the discovery of surrogate Wnt agonists. His surrogate ligands were water soluble, consisted of two domains and provided the building blocks for our SWAP technology. 
 Subsequent discoveries made at Surrozen improved the potency and selectivity of the surrogate ligands discovered by Dr. Garcia. Our technology allows for targeting of Fzd and Lrp receptors, and we believe we can identify an optimized ratio of Fzds and Lrps required to activate Wnt signaling. We have also discovered that binding two different Fzds together with Lrp leads to efficient Wnt signal activation. Figure 1 below compares natural Wnt signaling to how our SWAP product candidates engage receptors on the cell surface to trigger Wnt signal activation. 
 
 Figure 1. Like endogenous Wnt (left side), our SWAP technology activates Wnt signaling by binding specific Fzd and Lrp receptors (right side) 
 Wnt Amplification: SWEETS (Surrozen Wnt signal Enhancer Engineered for Tissue Specificity) 
 Our SWEETS molecules are designed to amplify the body s response to naturally occurring Wnt proteins. They are antibody-based molecules that, like R-spondin, enhance Wnt signaling by stabilizing Fzd receptors. Our SWEETS molecules are designed to modify the specificity of R-spondin activity such that it can be directed to a cell surface antigen of our choosing. Our SWEETS molecules consist of a full-length antibody fusion protein in which an antibody-binding domain of one of these antigens is combined with an R-spondin derivative. SZN-043 is our initial product candidate to utilize our SWEETS technology and is designed to selectively amplify the Wnt pathway in hepatocytes, the most abundant type of liver cell. 
 R-spondin may be beneficial in adult tissue repair, particularly in situations where naturally occurring Wnt ligands are present but signaling is insufficient to repair tissue damage. One major challenge facing drug developers targeting the Wnt pathway in harnessing R-spondin-based Wnt amplification has been limiting R-spondin s effects to a specific tissue of interest, which we believe we have overcome through: 
 Reducing non-specific binding. Naturally occurring R-spondins are dependent on E3 ligases and leucine-rich repeat-containing G-protein coupled receptors, or LGRs, for activity. LGRs are widely expressed and result in R-spondins enhancing Wnt signaling in a broad variety of tissues. Based on preclinical studies, we have been able to eliminate the requirement for LGR binding through substitution of binding to different cell surface receptors; and 
 8 

Targeting specific cell types. We have designed multiple antibodies targeted to several cell surface receptors. Based on preclinical studies, these antibodies have demonstrated specificity to multiple tissues and cell lineages. The engineered antibodies specifically upregulated Wnt-signaling with greater tissue specificity than non-targeted controls and stimulated proliferation 
 Figure 2 below illustrates the effect of Fzd (and Lrp) stabilization on promoting Wnt signaling. On the left side of the image, unbound E3 ligases induce internalization and ubiquitination of Fzd receptors, leading to disruption of Wnt signaling. With our SWEETS technology, we have demonstrated tissue-targeted binding and sequestration of E3 ligases leading to the stabilization of Fzd and Lrp and promotion of Wnt signaling. With our SWEETS technology, we have been able to affect tissue-targeted binding and inhibition of E3 ligase promoted degradation of Fzd, leading to the promotion of Wnt signaling. 
 
 Figure 2. Our SWEETS technology leads to amplification of the Wnt signaling pathway by inhibition of Fzd degradation by the E3 ligase/proteasome pathway. Specificity of SWEETS binding is driven by an antigen-binding domain that can be targeted to specific cell surface protein 
 Our Product Candidates and Research Programs 
 We believe that both our SWAP and SWEETS technologies have the potential to generate a portfolio of product candidates that can harness the tissue repair activity of the Wnt pathway for a broad spectrum of severe diseases. 
 The chart below represents a summary of our wholly owned product candidates: 
 
 Figure 3. Lead programs 
 Our first product candidate, SZN-1326, is being developed as a novel treatment for moderate to severe IBD, with UC as our first proposed indication, and utilizes our proprietary SWAP technology to activate Wnt signaling. Wnt signaling plays a critical role in intestinal epithelial turnover and normal function. Abnormal signaling has been observed in patients with IBD and restoration of normal signaling is believed to play a role in the repair of damaged intestinal epithelial cells in IBD. SZN-1326 targets Fzd 5, Fzd 8 and Lrp 6 to activate Wnt signaling. We have observed that Fzd 5, Fzd 8 and Lrp 6 are expressed in the large bowel epithelium of UC tissue samples and that Fzd 5 is the most abundant, representing an attractive target for our therapeutic approach. IBD affects an estimated two million patients in the United States and is caused by damage to the intestinal barrier and an enhanced inflammatory response, which further exacerbates tissue damage. SZN-1326 is designed to activate Wnt-pathway signaling in intestinal epithelial cells. In multiple mouse models of IBD , SZN-1326 stimulated intestinal epithelial regeneration, characterized by restoration of the intestinal barrier and reduced histology severity score, lower levels of inflammatory cytokines and reduced disease activity. We will be re-initiating the Phase 1a clinical trial by mid-2023 based on the minimum anticipated biologically effective level (MABEL) and anticipate safety data by the 
 9 

end of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in ulcerative colitis patients in 2024 and expect proof of concept data to be potentially available in the second half of 2024. 
 Our second product candidate, SZN-043, is being developed as a novel treatment for severe liver diseases, including severe AH, and utilizes our proprietary SWEETS technology. Severe AH is a disease with a 90-day mortality rate of 30 and has an estimated incidence of approximately 130,000 patients in the United States annually. In severe AH, damage to hepatocytes due to excessive alcohol use leads to jaundice, inflammation, impaired blood coagulation and increased risk of infections that may impact other organs such as the kidneys, brain and gastrointestinal system. We have designed SZN-043 to modulate naturally occurring Wnt signaling that is specifically targeted to hepatocytes. We have shown in preclinical models of liver injury that SZN-043 selectively and transiently stimulates hepatocyte proliferation, and restores liver function as measured by plasma ammonia. The selectivity of SZN-043 is achieved through the inclusion of an antibody binding domain selective for ASGR1 that is solely expressed on hepatocytes. We completed enrollment in the second cohort of the SZN-043 Phase 1a single ascending dose clinical trial in healthy volunteers in 2022. We opened enrollment for the Phase 1a clinical trial in chronic liver disease, enrolled the first patient in the first quarter of 2023 and expect data to be available in the second half of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis in 2024 and expect proof of concept data to be potentially available in the second half of 2024. 
 Our third product candidate, SZN-413, a Fzd4 targeted bi-specific antibody, is being developed as a novel treatment for retinal vascular-associated diseases and utilizes our proprietary SWAP technology to activate Wnt signaling. Fzd4-mediated Wnt signaling is known to play a critical role in retinal vascular integrity and function, and data with Fzd4-specific Surrozen Wnt modulating tool molecules have shown that selectively activating Wnt signaling can rescue a disease phenotype in a norrin knockout model. Data evaluating SZN-413 in preclinical models of retinopathy demonstrated that activation of Wnt signaling increased tight unction protein expression in retinal vascular endothelial cells and significantly reduced avascular area and pathological neovascular tuft formation in an oxygen-induced retinopathy mouse model. In October 2022, we executed a CLA with BI to research, develop and commercialize Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies designed using our SWAP technology, including SZN-413. We anticipate the potential to identify the lead Fzd-4-targeted Wnt agonist product candidate by the end of 2023. 
 Our Research Programs 
 We believe that both our SWAP and SWEETS technologies have the potential to generate a portfolio of product candidates that can harness the tissue regenerative activity of the Wnt pathway and potentially bring therapeutic benefit to patients suffering from a broad spectrum of diseases. Our goal in each of these programs is to activate the natural ability of tissues in the body to heal themselves by increasing the Wnt signaling pathway in a localized, transient, and, we believe, safe manner. 
 By leveraging our scientific capabilities and approach, we have identified multiple potential tissue types to explore. We are currently focused on developing potential therapeutics for ocular diseases such as dry eye and fuch s endothelial dystrophy. 
 One of our more advanced preclinical programs targets the lacrimal gland. Tear-producing lacrimal glands rely on Wnt signaling for maintenance of function. Restoration of lacrimal gland function through activation of Wnt signaling is a potential therapeutic approach to treat dry eye, including dry eye associated with Sjogren s Disease. Preclinical data demonstrated that our Wnt-modulating molecules activated Wnt signaling in the lacrimal gland and increased tear production in a mouse IL-1a lacrimal gland injury model. The chart below represents a summary of our research programs: 
 
 Figure 4. Our current Research Programs 
 Our People 
 Our people are the most important strength of our company. We have assembled a diverse group of experienced executives, scientists, engineers and operators that consist of: 
 Experienced Company Builders. Craig Parker, our President and Chief Executive Officer, has extensive experience in the science and business of building companies in the biotechnology industry. He was previously Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at Jazz Pharmaceuticals and held similar executive positions at Geron Corporation, Human Genome Sciences (acquired by GSK), Proteolix (acquired by Onyx) and Immunex (acquired by Amgen). He is a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Life Sciences Institute at the University of Michigan and previously served as a director of Xcyte Therapies and vTv Therapeutics. Our Chief Financial Officer, Charles Williams, has extensive experience at multiple 

10 

public companies across various leadership positions in strategy, operations, finance and corporate development, and was previously at Jazz Pharmaceuticals, MAP Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Allergan) and CV Therapeutics (acquired by Gilead). 

Accomplished Scientific Leadership. Our team consists of discovery scientists along with a team of drug developers experienced in advancing drug product candidates through the drug development process. Our Chief Scientific Officer, Wen-Chen Yeh, MD, PhD, was previously at Amgen, where he led research teams in a variety of disease indications including inflammation, diabetes, dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease. At Amgen, Dr. Yeh helped advance multiple programs towards clinical trials. Our Senior Vice President of Biology, Yang Li, Ph.D., was previously at Amgen, where he advanced multiple programs into the clinic in a variety of disease indications. Collectively, our scientific team are authors or co-authors on over 200 scientific publications. 

Founders and Scientific Advisory Board . We are supported by our founders and Scientific Advisory Board which includes world class researchers who have made seminal discoveries in Wnt biology and have successfully collaborated prior to their involvement with our company. Dr. Varmus, a member of our Scientific Advisory Board, is a co-recipient of the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for studies on the genetic basis of cancer. Dr. Nusse was recently awarded the 2017 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences and the 2020 Canada Gairdner International Award for Biomedical Research for his continued pioneering work on the Wnt signaling pathway. Our Co-Founder, Dr. Hans Clever, was awarded the 2013 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for his work describing the role of Wnt signaling in tissue stem cells and cancer. 
 Board of Directors and Investors with Shared Long-Term Vision . Our board of directors is composed of renowned company builders, operators, leaders, scientists, drug developers and investors with experience across a diverse array of companies. This team is supported by investors who share our long-term vision around building the leading company in Wnt biology, including The Column Group, a recognized leader in early-stage biotechnology venture investing. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our strategy is to develop a portfolio of product candidates that can repair tissue damage and regenerate functional tissues for a variety of diseases. Consistent throughout our strategy is our goal to activate Wnt signaling only within targeted diseased tissue, focusing on severe diseases, and mimicking the self-limiting physiologic repair process. We plan to achieve this goal by: 
 Continuing to build on our pioneering research, insights and intellectual property in Wnt pathway modulation. Our scientific capabilities and approaches are built upon the groundbreaking work of our academic co-founders and have been developed further by our experienced team. We consider ourselves to be pioneers in the selective modulation of the Wnt signaling pathway and intend to utilize our proprietary insights into Wnt biology and our proprietary technologies to further advance our research and exploration of its therapeutic potential. 

Developing SZN-1326 for the treatment of moderate to severe IBD . We have shown that SZN-1326 leads to rapid repair of tissue damage and functional improvements in mouse models of IBD. We intend to initially develop SZN-1326 in patients with moderate to severe UC and then expand into the treatment of other intestinal diseases including CD. We will be re-initiating the Phase 1a clinical trial in healthy volunteers by mid-2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in ulcerative colitis patients in 2024. 

Developing SZN-043 for the treatment of liver disease. We have shown that SZN-043 selectively stimulates hepatocyte proliferation and leads to improvement of liver function in multiple animal models of liver injury. We intend to develop SZN-043 in patients with severe AH. We believe that the mechanism of SZN-043 has the potential to bring therapeutic benefit to patients with liver disease beyond our initial indication of severe AH. We opened enrollment for the Phase 1a clinical trial in chronic liver disease patients, enrolled the first patient in the first quarter of 2023 and expect data to be available in the second half of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis in 2024. 

Developing novel product candidates and expanding our platform technologies to further our leading position in developing the Wnt signaling pathway modulators . Wnt signaling is critical in tissue regeneration throughout the body, including in intestine, liver, lung, retina, kidney, cochlea, cornea, skin, pancreas and central nervous system. Our research suggests that SWAP and SWEETS will provide us with the opportunity to generate specific modulators of Wnt signaling. We have generated libraries of Wnt and R-spondin receptor binders that have helped us create a broad portfolio of product candidates. We have developed and filed patent applications for additional Wnt modulating antibody technologies and are committed to continuously applying new insights, tools, technologies and capabilities to additional diseases and areas and adding to our platform technologies and pipeline. 

Pursuing strategic alliances to maximize the full potential of our pipeline. The importance of the Wnt signaling pathway and the potential therapeutic applications of Wnt pathway mimetics are expected to provide us with an abundance of product 

11 

candidates. We believe this generates an exciting opportunity to enter into strategic alliances to accelerate product development and maximize commercial potential. 

Wnt Signaling Pathway A Central Regulator of Tissue Regeneration 
 As gatekeepers for the maintenance of stem cells and functions, prior attempts at modulating Wnt signaling were hampered by an absence of drug-like properties. Through our technologies, we can modulate Wnt signaling with antibodies, which could open the door for the development of a new classes of drugs with the ability to repair and regenerate damaged tissues. 
 Signaling through the Wnt pathway can stimulate cell proliferation as well as control cell differentiation and movement. Cell-to-cell communication is needed during embryonic development, and Wnt signaling is essential for development to proceed properly. In both embryonic stem cells and pluripotent stem cells, the Wnt pathway has a dual role in both promoting stem cell renewal and differentiation of certain cell types. In adults, Wnt has a critical role in promoting proliferation and stem cell renewal in multiple tissues. Maintenance of the intestinal surface or epithelium homeostasis, for example, is dependent on Wnt signaling. Wnt signaling is also important for bone formation, retina development and function, liver regeneration and renewal of cells in the lung and pancreas among other tissues. 
 We believe that several characteristics of the Wnt signaling pathway make this pathway attractive for drug development: 
 Broad potential for therapeutic intervention . Signaling through the Wnt pathway is critical in cell fate determination in tissues throughout the body. Aberrant Wnt signaling underlies a broad range of pathologies in humans. In some cases, such as in certain rare bone diseases, mutations in the Wnt signaling pathway are the cause of the disease. Mutations in Wnt signal pathway components are also associated with retina vessel disorders such as Norrie disease and familial exudative vitreoretinopathy, or FEVR, tooth development disorders, and metabolic diseases including diabetes. Preclinical model studies have shown that Wnt signaling is instrumental for liver regeneration, intestine epithelium turnover and injury repair, and plays a role in maintaining residential stem cells in many more adult tissues including lung, kidney, cochlea, skin and the central nervous system. 

Common activation mechanism across Wnt proteins. There are 19 Wnt protein genes in the human genome and the genomes of other mammals. Most Wnt proteins bind interchangeably to the 10 different Fzd receptors with little discrimination. Genetic knockouts in mice have shown that individual Wnt protein genes have distinct functions. The differences in biological functions likely arise from discrete localized expression and the relative insolubility of Wnt proteins which limits migration from the site of synthesis. On the other hand, when it comes to biochemical signaling, the different Wnt proteins have very similar activities upon target cells. This, in turn, implies that the same therapeutic approach could be used to address multiple diseases. 

Multiple modulators of activity. Multiple modulators of the Wnt signaling pathway have been identified that activate, amplify, dampen or inhibit the pathway s activity and limit the potential consequences of either over-activation or inhibition of Wnt signaling. These modulators can serve both as direct targets for therapeutic intervention and as examples of how novel therapeutics could be developed that mimic their action. 

The low solubility of Wnt proteins due to the required fatty acid modification limits the ability of natural Wnt proteins themselves to be developed as therapeutic agents. The lack of solubility of Wnt proteins makes them difficult to purify; difficult to formulate into an easily administered drug; and difficult to deliver to various tissues in the body. In contrast, we have developed technologies enabling us to develop activators and amplifiers of Wnt signaling which avoid the low solubility of natural Wnt proteins. These technologies trigger the Wnt pathway to act in a transient manner by mimicking the binding of Wnt proteins and other regulators of the pathway. Our goal is to use our technologies to develop therapeutics that can modulate the naturally occurring Wnt response and promote healing. 
 Our Wnt Therapeutics Platform 
 We have discovered two proprietary technologies of modulators of Wnt signaling: SWAP and SWEETS. We have designed and continue to design antibodies that modulate the Wnt signaling pathway by acting as mimetics of either Wnt protein or one of its regulators, R-spondin. Product candidates generated by our technologies have demonstrated the ability to repair tissue damage in multiple preclinical models including IBD and liver injuries. We were able to select a specific candidate molecule and technology for each disease area based on tissue biology, profile of Wnt signaling in disease versus normal, and functional test of molecules. We are advancing two of these candidates, SZN-1326 and SZN-043, into clinical development. 
 Wnt Activation: SWAP 
 The Wnt pathway is equipped with binding sites for two receptors found on the surface of cells that can be triggered by Wnt protein. Binding to just one of these two receptors does not cause activation of the Wnt pathway. But when Wnt protein simultaneously binds to both receptors, this pair of interactions activates several intracellular signaling pathways, as can be seen in Figure 5 below. The two Wnt 
 12 

receptors are called frizzled, or Fzd, and low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 5 or 6, or Lrp 5/6. Fzd is an integral membrane protein that binds to Wnt protein, in part, through the fatty acid posttranslational modification on the Wnt protein. The second receptor, Lrp 5/6, contains an intracellular domain that is chemically modified by Wnt-protein-induced receptor dimerization to initiate the Wnt signaling pathway cascade in cells. 
 
 Figure 5. Like endogenous Wnt (left side), our SWAP technology activates Wnt signaling by binding specific Fzd and Lrp receptors (right side) 
 
 Published work by Dr. Christopher Garcia, one of our founders and Scientific Advisory Board members, showed that Wnt signaling could be induced by identifying non-Wnt proteins capable of selectively binding to Fzd and Lrp and linking these binding domains together. These non-Wnt proteins led to an activation of Wnt signaling that in many ways was indistinguishable from that induced by Wnt itself. Furthermore, these non-Wnt proteins were soluble and did not require posttranslational modification with fatty acid for activity. These observations revealed the opportunity to develop Wnt-mimetic therapeutics freed from the burden of containing a fatty acid, which decreases their solubility. There was no apparent restriction on the type of interacting domains that could be used to create these molecules. Several categories of molecules, including domains from natural proteins, artificial protein binding domains, and antibodies were all found to be able to function as binding domains for Fzd or Lrp. 
 We have focused our efforts on developing antibody-binding domains that independently bind to Fzd and to Lrp. Antibody-binding domains provide a potential advantage over other binding domains due to the ability to identify domains with high potency and with high specificity, in addition to the maturing manufacturing process. We have identified antibody-binding domains capable of distinguishing individual Fzd family members, providing an opportunity to selectively activate Wnt signaling in cells expressing specific Fzd receptors a property that naturally occurring Wnt proteins do not have. 
 In our SWAP technology, we created multivalent bispecific antibodies that bring together two different sets of antibody-binding domains one set that binds to Fzd and another set that binds to Lrp. We found that certain recombinant proteins containing these two antibody-binding domains were able to simultaneously bind both Fzd and Lrp, however, inducing the simple bimolecular interaction of one Fzd and one Lrp was, in most cases, insufficient to induce Wnt signaling, as can be observed in Figure 6. 
 In Figure 6 below, in an assay measuring protein concentration (x-axis) against Wnt pathway activation (as measured by relative light units, or RLU, y-axis), we have demonstrated that a simple bivalent antibody containing a single Fzd binding domain (F1) (the blue 
 13 

line) and a single Lrp binding domain (L2) (the red line) did not significantly induce the Wnt signaling pathway. At similar concentrations, naturally-occurring Wnt (Wnt3a) (the green line) demonstrated pathway activation. 
 
 Figure 6. A simple bivalent antibody containing a single Fzd binding domain (F1) and a single Lrp binding domain (L2) did not significantly induce the Wnt signaling pathway. At similar concentrations, naturally-occurring Wnt (Wnt3a) demonstrated pathway activation. 
 However, multivalent antibodies that contained multiple binding domains, either two Fzd-binding domains with one Lrp binding domain (the blue line in Figure 7 below) or two of each binding domain (the light green line), led to activation of the Wnt signaling pathway at concentrations that were 100 times or lower than required for activation by Wnt3a (the dark green line), as can be observed in Figure 7. For comparison, an antibody with a single Fzd binding domain (the red line) did not demonstrate significant activity. 
 
 Figure 7. Multivalent antibodies with two Fzd binding domains (F3) and at least one Lrp binding domain (L2) led to more potent activation of the Wnt signaling pathway. 
 We are developing a series of product candidates based on the SWAP technology, which combines binding domains for specific Fzd receptors and binding domains for specific Lrp receptors. Our current SWAP lead product candidate, SZN-1326, is being evaluated for its ability to treat moderate to severe IBD. SZN-413 is another SWAP project candidate for the treatment of retinal vascular associated diseases. In addition, we are developing other product candidates, including for the potential treatment of ocular diseases. 
 14 

Wnt Amplification: SWEETS 
 We have designed our SWEETS technology for those diseases that are characterized by the presence of naturally occurring Wnt, yet with insufficient Wnt signaling for specific cells. This technology allows us to target Wnt pathway activation to specific cells in the body. For this, our SWEETS technology couples the regulation of the Wnt pathway to the binding of cell-specific surface antigens. 
 R-spondins are a family of four proteins that amplify Wnt pathway signals by reducing the destruction of Fzd by internalization and degradation. Proteins that are destined for degradation, such as Fzd, are normally tagged by E3 ligases. R-spondin prevents E3 ligase from tagging Fzd, thereby increasing the amount of time that Fzd remains on the cell surface. This results in an increased activation of the Wnt signaling pathway. Importantly, R-spondin does not directly cause signaling through the Wnt pathway, but rather it extends or amplifies the signaling that arises from already-present naturally occurring Wnt protein. 
 Wild type R-spondin activity requires binding to two cell surface proteins: the E3 ligases and a member of a family of membrane proteins, referred to as LGR 4-6. We have shown that derivatives of R-spondin can be generated that couple its E3 binding domain to an antigen-binding domain that recognizes a specific cell surface protein of our choosing resulting in R-spondin like activity. This technology creates R-spondin mimetics that can be targeted to specific cells in the body that express the chosen cell surface protein, which is illustrated in the Figure 8 below. 
 
 Figure 8. Our SWEETS technology leads to amplification of the Wnt signaling pathway by inhibition of Fzd degradation by the E3 ligase/proteasome pathway. Specificity of SWEETS binding is driven by an antigen-binding domain that can be targeted to specific cell surface proteins. 
 In a proof-of-concept experiment conducted internally, an antibody-binding domain recognizing a cell surface protein was fused to a R-spondin protein in which the binding site for LGR 4-6 had been inactivated. This recombinant antibody R-spondin construct (the red line in Target Cell in Figure 9 below) stimulated the Wnt signaling pathway in cells that expressed the cell surface protein and was inactive in cells lacking the cell surface protein (the red line in Non-Target Cell ). Wild-type R-spondin did not exhibit this selectivity and led to the Wnt signaling pathway amplification in both types of cells (the black lines in the figure below). A non-cell surface targeted molecule serving as a negative control (the blue lines in the figure below) did not demonstrate any activity. 
 15 

Figure 9. Cell specificity of R-spondin was altered by inactivating the LGR 4-6 binding site and adding an antigen-binding domain for a specific cell surface protein. SWEETS shown in red. 
 SZN-1326: a SWAP Product Candidate for the Treatment of moderate to severe IBD 
 Our first product candidate, SZN-1326, is being developed as a novel treatment for moderate to severe IBD, with UC as our first proposed indication, and utilizes our proprietary SWAP technology to activate Wnt signaling. Wnt signaling plays a critical role in intestinal epithelial turnover and normal function. Abnormal signaling has been observed in patients with IBD and restoration of normal signaling is expected to play a role in the repair of intestinal epithelial cells in IBD. SZN-1326 targets Fzd 5, Fzd 8, and Lrp 6 to activate Wnt signaling. We have observed that Fzd 5, Fzd 8, and Lrp 6 are expressed in the large bowel epithelium UC tissue samples and that Fzd 5 is the most abundant Fzd, representing an attractive target for our therapeutic approach. We have shown that SZN-1326 has several simultaneous beneficial effects in that it: 
 activates the Wnt signaling pathway in intestinal stem cells resulting in proliferation and differentiation; 

restores intestinal barrier function and tissue architecture; 

decreases inflammation; and 

reduces disease activity in mouse models of moderate to severe IBD. 

We will be re-initiating the Phase 1a clinical trial by mid-2023 based on the minimum anticipated biologically effective level (MABEL) and anticipate safety data by the end of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in ulcerative colitis patients in 2024 and expect proof of concept data to be potentially available in the second half of 2024. 
 Ulcerative Colitis Disease Background 
 UC is a form of IBD characterized by inflammation and ulcers in the large intestine. The hallmark clinical symptoms of UC are diarrhea, bloody stool, and urgency to defecate, and its clinical course is marked by exacerbations and remissions, which may occur spontaneously or in response to dietary changes, alterations in treatment regimens, other illnesses or stress. In UC, inflammation is continuous throughout the large bowel and lacks healthy patches distributed adjacent to the inflamed tissue. The extent of disease is variable but starts at the left side (the rectum) and can involve the whole, large intestine. UC is limited to the inner most layer of the intestinal wall. 
 UC can be debilitating with frequent diarrhea, bloody stools, weight loss, dehydration, and anemia. Intestinal complications from severe and chronic inflammation can become life-threatening. Patients with active disease are more likely to suffer psychological conditions such as anxiety and depression and are more likely to have impaired social interactions. Persistent UC is associated with an increased risk of developing colon cancer. It is estimated that there are two million individuals in the United States with IBD, of which roughly half have UC. An even higher number of individuals in Europe are estimated to have UC. 
 UC is typically treated with anti-inflammatory drugs. The typical treatment regimen begins with fairly mild and locally-delivered drugs and progresses to stronger systemic immunosuppressive drugs that are only prescribed for patients with moderate to severe disease. First-line therapy for patients with mild disease consists of locally delivered or oral 5-aminosalicylates such as mesalamine and sulfasalazine, or corticosteroids. This is done with the intent of inducing remission and transitioning patients to drugs such as 5-aminosalicylates for maintenance. Patients with moderate to severe disease will usually be treated first-line with anti-inflammatory biologics such as infliximab, adalimumab, and golimumab. Infliximab, adalimumab, and golimumab are antibodies directed against tumor necrosis factor alpha, or TNF , an inflammatory cytokine secreted during acute inflammation. However, over time, many patients lose responsiveness to these anti-TNF antibodies and approximately 20 do not initially respond to this treatment. Patients 
 16 

non-responsive to anti-TNF antibody therapy are instead treated with other approved biologics such as ustekinumab, an inhibitor of interleukin 12 and interleukin 23, and vedolizumab, an integrin inhibitor or with a JAK inhibitor, tofacitinib, an oral anti-inflammatory. 
 Despite the availability of a number of approved drugs and validated drug targets, many patients with moderate to severe UC have an inadequate or slow response to therapy, lose responsiveness, or cannot tolerate existing treatments. For example, up to 20 of patients do not respond to anti-TNF antibodies and 10 to 15 lose responsiveness every year despite initial benefit. Overall, it is estimated that less than half of moderate to severe UC patients are in clinical remission. Approximately 70 of patients with active disease in a given year will have another episode in the following year. Once a patient has successfully been treated and is in remission, the longer the patient is in remission, the less likely he or she is to experience a flare-up in the following year. A potential factor driving longer-term remissions is the repair of the intestinal barrier and absence of any inflammatory activity in the large intestine gut wall. 
 Crohn s Disease Background 
 Crohn s disease, or CD, is a chronic inflammatory disease that most commonly affects the end of the small intestine and the beginning of the large intestine, although it may involve any part of the gastrointestinal tract. Like UC, CD is a type of IBD and many of the symptoms and demographics overlap. In addition to the potential of CD developing in other segments of the intestine, CD differs from UC in that there can be normal healthy tissue between patches of diseased tissue. CD can also occur in all layers of the intestinal wall unlike UC which is limited to the inner most layer. It is estimated that there are approximately 1 million individuals in the United States and approximately 1.1 million individuals in Europe with CD. 
 The treatment paradigm for CD is very similar to that of UC. Currently approved therapies are mostly anti-inflammatory agents. It is estimated that 60 of patients have moderate to severe disease and will eventually require surgery to treat complications such as fistulas (abnormal connections between body parts), life-threatening bleeding, and intestinal obstructions. 
 The Wnt Signaling Pathway and its Role in IBD 
 Although the two most common forms of IBD, UC and CD, are treated with anti-inflammatory agents, the root cause of these diseases has been proposed to be an impaired intestinal barrier that occurs due to initial damages by genetic, environmental, inflammatory or other factors. This impairment is thought to allow bacteria to penetrate through the intestinal epithelium, leading both to immune cell activation and to an inflammatory reaction that exacerbates the damage. 
 The intestinal epithelium is one of the fastest proliferating tissues in adults, being largely made anew every four to five days. The wall of the small intestine is made up of villi, finger-like projections that extend into the lumen of the intestine, which greatly increase the surface area available for nutrient absorption. The cells at the tips of these villi are continuously shed and are replenished by cells that originate from stem cells located at the base of the villus, called the intestinal crypts. The colon (large intestine) wall is made up of a lining of columnar epithelial cells with pouches called colonic crypts. Similar to the small intestine villi, the stem cells are located at the base of colonic crypts, as shown in Figure 10, below. The Wnt signaling pathway is critical for the renewal and proliferation of these stem cells. Inactivation of the Wnt signaling pathway blocks stem cell proliferation and differentiation causing a rapid loss of intestinal epithelial cells in mice. Figure 10 below illustrates how the Wnt signaling pathway potentially stimulates stem cell renewal and proliferation in colonic crypts leading to increased turnover of epithelial cells. 
 17 

Figure 10. Wnt signaling pathway stimulates stem cell renewal and proliferation leading to increased synthesis and turnover of epithelial cells 
 There is direct evidence linking dysregulation in the Wnt signaling pathway to the development of moderate to severe IBD in patients and deficiency in the Wnt signaling pathway has been associated not only with the reduced turnover of stem cells in the intestinal crypt but also with a reduced production of cells that secrete anti-bacterial proteins. It has been proposed that transient elevations in the Wnt signaling pathway may be beneficial in wound healing and evidence from mouse IBD models provide further support for treatment with a Wnt signal activator. The Wnt protein inhibitor Dkk1 is induced by inflammatory cytokines in colitis and, in mice, blocking Dkk1 function resulted in elevated Wnt signaling and the promotion of wound repair. 
 Our Solution: SZN-1326 
 Our product candidate, SZN-1326, is a Wnt protein mimetic based on our SWAP technology, for the treatment of moderate to severe IBD. Our goal for SZN-1326 was to create a Wnt protein mimetic that could specifically support the proliferation and differentiation of stem cells in the damaged intestinal or colonic crypts of patients with moderate to severe IBD. We believe that treatment with SZN-1326 has the potential to accelerate the repair of the intestinal barrier, which can result in a reduction of bacteria penetrating through the intestinal epithelium and a reduction of immune cell activation and inflammation, thereby treating IBD. Figure 11 below demonstrates how SZN-1326 potentially binds to Fzd5/8 and Lrp6 on intestinal stem cells to activate Wnt signaling. 
 18 

Figure 11: SZN-1326 binds to Fzd5/8 and Lrp6 on intestinal stem cells to activate Wnt signaling 
 
 Selective Wnt Pathway Activation 
 SZN-1326 is a bispecific antibody targeting Fzd5/8 and Lrp6. Fzd5 was reported to be highly expressed in intestinal mucosal cells from IBD patients. Our research found that Fzd5, was also highly expressed in a mouse model of colitis induced by dextran sodium sulfate, or DSS, as shown in Figure 12. In this model, DSS exposure leads to disruption of the intestinal barrier resulting in an inflammatory response similar to that seen in IBD patients. We identified SZN-1326 through testing of multiple SWAP antibodies both in na ve and injured intestinal tissue and in DSS models. 
 
 Figure 12. Fzd5 is highly expressed in intestinal tissue from a DSS mouse model 
 We have shown that SZN-1326 can stimulate Wnt signal activation in DSS-injured intestine epithelial cells as measured by the expression of Axin2 , a downstream target gene in the Wnt pathway. 
 Restoration of Epithelial Tight Junctions 
 19 

Mice exposed to DSS for seven days led to the breakdown of the intestinal barrier, which can be readily visualized in stained cross sections of the colon, as shown in Figure 13. In the absence of DSS, there is an intact intestinal wall and the crypts are tightly packed to form a continuous structure. Exposure to DSS followed by treatment with a negative control antibody, anti-GFP, resulted in several effects: a breakdown of the intestinal wall; shrinkage of the crypts; and the creation of multiple discontinuous segments by day ten. However, DSS-exposed mice treated with SZN-1326, administered on days four and seven, led to a dose-dependent repair of this damage, with a dose of 1 mg/kg or higher restoring most of the damage visible by histology. Similar results were observed in a chronic model of DSS, as can be seen in Figure 13. 
 
 Figure 13. SZN-1326 administration led to the restoration of the intestinal epithelium in a DSS model 
 The degree of epithelial repair as measured by histology with SZN-1326 was greater than what we obtained in additional experiments with cyclosporine, an anti-TNF antibody or an anti-IL12/23 antibody. 
 Histologic staining showed that treatment with SZN-1326 led to the restoration of tight junctions, the cell-to-cell structures that create the intestinal barrier that prevents the free flow of material. In healthy intestinal tissue, the zonula occludens 1 protein, or ZO-1, a component of tight junctions, was found as a continuous layer along the intestinal wall. In DSS-damaged intestinal tissue, no such barrier 
 20 

was observed. Treatment with SZN-1326 restored ZO-1 localization as a continuous layer along the intestinal wall, as can be observed in Figure 14. 
 
 Figure 14. SZN-1326 restored ZO-1 localization (green) and reestablishment of the intestinal barrier in a DSS mouse model. 
 
 Inflammation Reduction 
 The breakdown of the intestinal barrier triggers an inflammatory response that leads to further tissue damage. Disease modification in IBD can be measured by the levels of inflammatory cytokines present in the injured tissue and in serum. In the mouse DSS model, treatment with SZN-1326 administration led to a significant dose-dependent decrease in a number of inflammatory cytokines such as TNF , interleukin-6, or IL-6, and interleukin-8, or IL-8. Reductions in cytokine levels were observed both in colon tissue and in serum, as can be seen in Figure 15 below. We believe that these results suggest that SZN-1326 not only has the potential of directly repairing the epithelium but also, as a result, of reducing inflammation. 
 
 Figure 15. SZN-1326 administration led to significant reductions in cytokine levels in a DSS mouse model. p 
 In the description of the preclinical studies above and throughout, a p-value represents the probability that random chance caused the result. For example, a p-value of 0.001 means that there is a 0.1 probability that the difference between the control group and the treatment group is purely due to random chance. A p-value of less than or equal to 0.05 is a commonly used threshold for identifying statistically significant outcomes. The FDA s evidentiary standard of efficacy when evaluating the results of a clinical trial generally relies on a p-value of less than or equal to 0.05. 
 
 21 

Functional Improvement 
 Most importantly, SZN-1326 administration led to an improvement in the disease activity index, or DAI, in the DSS model. The DAI is a composite score composed of body weight change, diarrhea, and bloody stools that is frequently used to quantify disease severity. SZN-1326 treatments led to a dose dependent decrease in DAI which was superior to that which we observed with cyclosporine, an anti-TNF antibody, or an anti-IL12/23 antibody in acute and chronic DS models, respectively. Figure 16 below demonstrates that SZN-1326 administration led to improvements in DAI in an acute DSS model. 
 
 Figure 16. SZN-1326 administration led to improvement in the disease activity index in an acute DSS model. p 
 Clinical Development of SZN-1326 
 We intend to re-initiate the Phase 1a clinical trial by mid-2023. Our trial focuses on assessing safety and tolerability as well as on obtaining human pharmacokinetic data in healthy volunteers. We intend to conduct a multiple ascending dose trial in patients with moderate to severe UC in 2024 with the goal of assessing safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and initial signs of clinical activity through the effects on stool frequency, rectal bleeding, cytokines, biomarkers, and endoscopic and histological changes in the colon. We anticipate that later stage trials would include the induction of clinical and histological remission, either alone or in combination with anti-inflammatory drugs. Based both on the mechanism of action of SZN-1326 and our preclinical results, we believe that dosing of SZN-1326 for several weeks has the potential to demonstrate durable remissions. If we obtain initial signs of efficacy in UC, we anticipate also initiating clinical development in CD. 
 SZN-043, a SWEETS product candidate for the treatment of severe liver diseases 
 SZN-043 is our product candidate in development for severe alcoholic hepatitis, or AH. SZN-043, a hepatocyte-specific R-spondin mimetic bispecific fusion protein targeting ASGR1, is the first development candidate using Surrozen s SWEETS technology which is designed to mimic the regenerative properties of the protein R-Spondin by enhancing Wnt signaling in a cell-targeted manner. We have shown that SZN-043 activates Wnt signaling in hepatocytes and contributes both to increasing hepatocyte proliferation and to restoring liver function. We opened enrollment for the Phase 1a clinical trial in chronic liver disease patients, enrolled the first patient in the first quarter of 2023 and expect data to be available in the second half of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis in 2024. 
 Severe Alcoholic Hepatitis Background 
 AH is inflammation of the liver caused by excessive alcohol ingestion. AH is most likely to occur in people who drink heavily over many years; however, the relationship between drinking and alcoholic hepatitis is complex. 
 Not all heavy drinkers develop alcoholic hepatitis, and the disease can occur in people who drink only moderately. AH is characterized by the rapid onset of jaundice, malaise, anorexia, liver enlargement and a systemic inflammatory response syndrome, or SIRS. AH is characterized by impaired hepatocyte proliferation. In these patients, higher Wnt signaling and hepatocyte proliferation have been associated with better outcomes. 
 Many patients with severe AH require inpatient hospitalization due to the high risk of developing renal failure, liver failure, infections and the effects of alcohol withdrawal. AH is treated with anti-inflammatory drugs such as glucocorticoids, typically prednisolone. 
 22 

Glucocorticoid treatment requires close monitoring because of the increased risk of infections, glucose intolerance and gastrointestinal bleeding. For patients who respond to glucocorticoids, the duration of treatment is typically 28 days. Mortality rates after one to six months among patients treated with glucocorticoids in clinical trials ranged from approximately 20 to 40 . The effectiveness of glucocorticoid treatment is controversial. A 2017 meta-analysis of 15 randomized trials found that glucocorticoid treatment did not significantly lower mortality rates compared to placebo. In addition, only 25 to 45 of patients are eligible for glucocorticoid therapy due to other comorbidities. Those not qualifying include patients with infections, poorly controlled diabetes mellitus, renal failure, and active gastrointestinal bleeding. Although levels of TNF are highly elevated in AH, treatment with anti-TNF antibodies has not been determined to be effective. The overall 30-day mortality rate in patients hospitalized with AH is approximately 15 and the 90-day rate is approximately 30 . 
 There are an estimated 130,000 unique AH-related hospitalizations annually in the United States. Alcoholism affects an estimated 8 of the U.S. population and between 10 and 35 of alcoholics have characteristics consistent with the development of AH. 
 Our Solution: SZN-043 
 We are developing SZN-043, a tissue-selective R-spondin mimetic based on our SWEETS technology, for the treatment of severe liver disease. Our goal was to create a molecule that could stimulate liver regeneration by amplifying the effect of naturally occurring Wnt proteins. SZN-043 is a bispecific antibody that mimics the stimulatory effect of R-spondin specifically on hepatocytes through targeting of asialoglycoprotein receptor 1, or ASGR1. Liver regeneration has been shown to be an important predictor and biomarker for disease severity, response to corticosteroids and patient survival in those with severe AH. We believe that the regenerative capacity that SZN-043 has shown in preclinical models will potentially improve the outcome of patients with severe AH. Figure 17 below describes the proposed mechanism of action of SZN-043. 

Figure 17. In liver injury, SZN-043 amplifies the regenerative activity of endogenous Wnts by stabilizing their Fzd receptors on hepatocytes 
 
 Selective Wnt Pathway Activation 
 Similar to R-spondin, SZN-043 leads to an amplification of Wnt signaling by inhibiting internalization and degradation of Fzd. However, an important difference from R-spondin is that SZN-043 requires binding to ASGR1, a protein that is exclusively expressed on hepatocytes, for activity. A single dose of SZN-043 at 10 mg/kg led to the amplification of the Wnt signaling pathway, as measured by Axin2 expression, a common indicator of Wnt signaling activity, in mouse liver, but not in any of the other tissues analyzed. In a similar 
 23 

experiment, R-spondin at 10 mg/kg led to Wnt pathway activation in multiple tissues including liver, lung, stomach, intestines, and pancreas, as can be seen in Figure 18 below. 

Figure 18. R-spondin (R-spo2) significantly increased Axin2 expression in many tissues, whereas SZN-043 only increases Axin2 expression in the liver. p 
 
 Hepatocyte Proliferation 
 Mice treated with a single dose of SZN-043 had significantly increased proliferation of hepatocytes at 48 hours as measured by Ki-67 expression (green signal in Figure 19 below), a nuclear protein that is associated with, and used as, a cellular marker of proliferation. Treatment with SZN-043 led to an increased number of hepatocytes that express hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 , or HNF4 (red signal in Figure 19, below), a master regulator of hepatic differentiation that is critical to the regulation of liver differentiation and development. In Figure 19, a yellow signal results from the merging of a green and red signal, indicating that the proliferating cells are hepatocytes. 
 
 Figure 19. SZN-043 led to increased proliferation and differentiation of hepatocytes in mice. p 
 Functional Improvement 
 High levels of ammonia in the blood, a condition known as hyperammonemia, is believed to contribute to the pathogenesis of hepatic encephalopathy and a sign of severe liver disease. Ammonia levels have been shown to predict mortality in patients with acute hepatitis. Acute liver failure patients who have decreased ammonia levels have improved survival. Measurement of ammonia levels is a standard clinical test used to screen for liver function and follow progression of liver disease. 
 24 

Elevated ammonia levels are also observed in a mouse model of AH. In this model, AH is induced by seven weeks of a binge ethanol diet. After seven weeks, the ethanol diet is suspended, and liver injury is assessed. Treatment with SZN-043 significantly lowered ammonia levels in this model by day three, as shown in Figure 20. 
 
 Figure 20. SZN-043 treatment significantly reduced ammonia levels in an alcoholic hepatitis mouse model. p 
 Clinical Development of SZN-043 
 We completed enrollment in the second cohort of the SZN-043 Phase 1a single ascending dose clinical trial in healthy volunteers in 2022. We opened enrollment for the Phase 1a clinical trial in chronic liver disease patients, enrolled the first patient in the first quarter of 2023 and expect data to be available in the second half of 2023. This single ascending dose Phase 1a study assesses pharmacokinetics, safety and tolerability, and pharmacodynamic markers. We anticipate conducting a clinical trial in patients with severe AH in 2024 with the primary endpoints of safety and pharmacokinetics and exploratory efficacy endpoints consisting of the Lille and MELD scores. The Lille model is a highly predictive measure of likelihood of death at three and six months calculated by taking into account patient age, renal insufficiency, albumin, prothrombin time, bilirubin, and evolution of bilirubin at day seven. The MELD score is a separate prognostic scoring system that is used to predict the three-month mortality due to liver disease based on laboratory parameters such as creatinine, bilirubin, and INR measurements. Based on our estimates of the prevalence of severe AH, we are exploring whether SZN-043 may qualify for orphan drug designation or fast track designation or both, which may accelerate its path towards potential regulatory approval. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technologies, inventions and improvements that we believe are important to our business, including seeking, maintaining and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in our field and other fields that are or may be important for the development of our business. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, pursuing and obtaining patent protection in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the United States related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements, platforms and our product candidates that are important to the development and implementation of our business. 
 Collaboration and Licensing Arrangements 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH 
 In October 2022, we executed the CLA with BI to research, develop and commercialize Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies designed using the Company s SWAP technology, including SZN-413. We and BI are conducting partnership research focused on SZN-413 during a one-year period, which BI has the right to extend by up to six months. We granted BI an exclusive, royalty-bearing, worldwide, sublicensable license, under our applicable patents and know-how, to develop, manufacture and commercialize, for all uses, one lead and two back-up Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies selected by BI and their derivatives. After an initial period of joint research, BI shall be responsible for all further research, preclinical and clinical development, manufacturing, regulatory approvals, and commercialization of licensed products at its expense. For five years after the effective date of the CLA, we are prohibited from preclinically and clinically developing 
 25 

or commercializing Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies for any diseases of the eye, and BI is prohibited from clinically developing or commercializing licensed products for any purpose other than diseases of the eye. Unless terminated earlier or expiring on account of BI not selecting at least one Fzd4 bi-specific antibody within sixty days after the end of the partnership research, the CLA will remain effective, on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, until the expiration of BI's royalty obligations. BI has the right to terminate the CLA for any reason after a specified notice period. Each party has the right to terminate the CLA on account of the other party s bankruptcy or material, uncured breach. Under the terms of the CLA, BI paid a non-refundable upfront payment of 12.5 million less applicable withholding tax and we are eligible to receive success-based milestone payments up to a total of 587.0 million and mid-single digit to low-double digit royalties on net sales of the licensed products should any reach commercialization. The royalty payments will be subject to reduction due to patent expiration, generic competition and payments made under certain licenses for third-party intellectual property. 
 Stanford License Agreements 
 In March 2016, we entered into a license agreement with Stanford University, or the 2016 Stanford Agreement, which was amended in July 2016, October 2016 and January 2021, pursuant to which we obtained a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license under certain patents, rights, or licensed patents and technology related to our engineered Wnt surrogate molecules to make, use, import, offer to sell and sell products that are claimed by the licensed patents or that use or incorporate such technology, or licensed products, for the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of human and veterinary diseases. The 2016 Stanford Agreement covers two patent families and any patents that grant from these families are predicted to expire in 2035 and 2037, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. In consideration for this license, we paid Stanford a nominal upfront fee and issued an aggregate of 42,451 shares of our common stock to Stanford, the University of Washington and two co-inventors of the licensed patents. In addition, we agreed to pay Stanford nominal annual license maintenance fees which are creditable against earned royalties owed to Stanford for the same year, an aggregate of up to 0.9 million for the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones, and an aggregate of up to 5.0 million for the achievement of specified sales milestones. Stanford is also entitled to receive royalties from us equal to a very low single digit percentage of our and our sublicensees net sales of licensed products that are covered by a valid claim of a licensed patent. Our obligation to pay royalties will continue, on a country-by-country basis, until the last-to-expire valid claim of a licensed patent covering a licensed product in the country of manufacture or sale. Additionally, we agreed to pay Stanford a sub-teen double digit percentage of certain consideration we receive as a result of granting sublicenses to the licensed patents. However, we and Stanford may be able to negotiate a lower non-royalty sublicense percentage based on the then-current value of the licensed patents for each sublicense product. If we are acquired, we agreed to pay a one-time change of control fee in the low six figures. Stanford retains the right under the 2016 Stanford Agreement, on behalf of itself, Stanford Hospital and Clinics, the University of Washington and all other non-profit research institutions, to practice the licensed patents and technology for any non-profit purpose. The licensed patents and technology are additionally subject to a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license held by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to practice the licensed patents and technology for its research purposes, but with no right to assign or sublicense. 
 In June 2018, we entered into another license agreement with Stanford, or the 2018 Stanford Agreement, pursuant to which we obtained from Stanford, a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license under certain patent rights related to our surrogate R-spondin proteins, or licensed patents, to make, use, import, offer to sell and sell products that are claimed by the licensed patents, or licensed products, for the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of human and veterinary diseases, or the exclusive field. The 2018 Stanford Agreement covers one patent family, and any patents that grant from this family are predicted to expire in 2038, absent any patent term adjustment or extension. Additionally, Stanford granted us a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable license under the licensed patents to make and use licensed products for research and development purposes in furtherance of the exclusive field and a worldwide, non-exclusive license to make, use and import, but not to offer to sell or sell, licensed products in any other field of use. In consideration of these licenses, we paid Stanford a nominal upfront fee. We also agreed to pay Stanford nominal annual license maintenance fees which are creditable against earned royalties owed to Stanford for the same year, and an aggregate of up to 0.4 million for the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Stanford is also entitled to receive royalties from us equal to a sub-single digit percentage of our and our sublicensees net sales of licensed products that are covered by a valid claim of a licensed patent. Our obligation to pay royalties will continue, on a country-by-country basis, until the last-to-expire valid claim of a licensed patent covering a licensed product in the country of manufacture or sale. Additionally, we agreed to pay Stanford a one-time payment in the low six figures for each sublicense of the licensed patents that we grant to a third party and, if we are acquired, a one-time nominal change of control fee. Stanford retains the right under the 2018 Stanford Agreement, on behalf of itself, Stanford Health Care, Lucile Packard Children s Hospital at Stanford, and all other non-profit research institutions, to practice the licensed patents for any non-profit purpose. The licensed patents are additionally subject to a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license held by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to exercise any intellectual property rights with respect to the licensed patents for research purposes, including the right to sublicense to non-profit and governmental entities but with no other rights to assign or sublicense. 
 Under each of the 2016 Stanford Agreement and the 2018 Stanford Agreement, or Stanford Agreements, we agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products and we agreed to achieve certain funding and development milestones by certain dates. Unless earlier terminated, each Stanford Agreement will continue until the expiration of the patents licensed under such Stanford Agreement. We may terminate either Stanford Agreement at any time for any reason by providing at least 30 days written 
 26 

notice to Stanford. Stanford may terminate either Stanford Agreement if we breach certain provisions of that Stanford Agreement and fail to remedy such breach within 90 days after written notice of the breach by Stanford. 
 
 UCSF License and Option Agreements 
 
 In September and October 2016, we entered into two license and option agreements with UCSF, or the UCSF Agreements, pursuant to which we obtained exclusive licenses from UCSF for internal research and antibody discovery purposes and an option to negotiate with UCSF to obtain an exclusive license under UCSF s rights in the applicable library to make, use, sell, offer for sale and import products incorporating antibodies identified or resulting from our use of such library, or licensed products. Our SZN-1326 candidate comprises a VHH domain isolated from the licensed UCSF single domain antibody library. In consideration for the license and option rights under each UCSF Agreement, we paid UCSF a nominal option issue fee and agreed to pay UCSF a nominal annual option maintenance fee. 
 
 In January 2020, we amended and restated the UCSF Agreements to provide non-exclusive licenses to make and use a certain human Fab na ve phage display library and to make and use a certain phage display llama VHH single domain antibody library for internal research and antibody discovery purposes and an option to negotiate with UCSF to obtain a non-exclusive license under UCSF s rights in the applicable library to make, use, sell, offer for sale and import products incorporating antibodies identified or resulting from our use of such library, or licensed products. 
 
 In March 2022, we exercised the option under the UCSF Agreements and entered into a non-exclusive commercial license agreement to make and use licensed products derived from the phage display llama VHH single domain antibody library. Under the commercial license agreement, the Company paid UCSF a nominal license issue fee and agreed to pay a nominal annual license maintenance fee, five- to six-digit payments per licensed product upon achievement of a regulatory milestone, nominal minimum annual royalties, and earned royalties equal to a sub-single digit percentage of the Company s and the Company s sublicensees net sales of licensed products. 
 
 Unless earlier terminated, each UCSF Agreement will continue until four years from its execution date and we may exercise the option to negotiate a commercial license at any time during that term. Additionally, we may extend each UCSF Agreement for an additional four years by paying UCSF a nominal term extension fee. We may terminate either UCSF Agreement at any time for any reason by providing at least 60 days written notice to UCSF. UCSF may terminate either UCSF Agreement if UCSF reasonably believes we are in material breach of such UCSF Agreement and we fail to remedy such breach within 60 days after written notice of such breach given by UCSF. Additionally, the UCSF Agreements will automatically terminate in the event of our bankruptcy. 
 Distributed Bio Subscription Agreement 
 
 In September 2016, we entered into, and in January 2019 we amended, an antibody library subscription agreement with Distributed Bio, Inc., or Distributed Bio (Distributed Bio has since been acquired by Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.). In this antibody library subscription agreement, or the Distributed Bio Agreement, we obtained from Distributed Bio a non-exclusive license to use Distributed Bio s antibody library to identify antibodies directed to an unlimited number of our proprietary targets and to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and exploit products incorporating the antibodies that we identify, or licensed products. Our SZN-1326 candidate incorporates a binding component isolated from the Distributed Bio antibody library. In consideration for the rights granted to us under the Distributed Bio Agreement, we paid Distributed Bio a nominal upfront fee and an additional nominal fee upon entering into the amendment. We agreed to pay Distributed Bio an annual fee in the low six figures after the first three years. Additionally, we agreed to pay Distributed Bio an aggregate of 5.9 million for each licensed product that achieves specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and royalties equal to a very low single digit percentage of our and our sublicensees net sales of licensed products. Our obligation to pay royalties will end for each licensed product ten years after its first commercial sale. 
 
 Unless earlier terminated, the Distributed Bio Agreement will continue for an initial four-year term and will thereafter automatically renew for additional one-year terms. We may terminate the Distributed Bio Agreement for convenience at any time by providing written notice to Distributed Bio. We and Distributed Bio may terminate the Distributed Bio Agreement for the other party s material breach and failure to cure such breach within 60 days after notice of such breach. 
 
 Patents and Other Proprietary Rights 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio consisted of over 20 pending patent application families, including 15 families that have entered national phase in the United States and other countries, three families with pending Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, applications, some of which have also been filed in certain non-PCT countries (e.g., Taiwan), and five families with pending U.S. provisional applications. These patent applications are directed to, for example, the SWAP and SWEETS platforms, the parental constructs of our two lead product candidate molecules, SZN-043 and SZN-1326, the recently out-licensed SZN-413, as well as methods of treating disorders of the liver, intestine, retina, cornea, and lacrimal gland. 
 27 

SWAP Platform Technology 
 As of December 31, 2022, we solely own or exclusively license 15 patent families related to our SWAP platform. These patent families are directed to compositions of matter and/or methods of use, and relate to Wnt mimetics that bind to both a FZD receptor and an LRP receptor, and binding domains and uses thereof. Any patents that issue from these patent families are predicted to expire between 2035 and 2042 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. 
 We have exclusively licensed two patent families from The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, or Stanford, related to our SWAP platform. One patent family has been allowed or granted in Australia, Europe, Japan and the United States and is pending in the United States, Australia, Canada, and Japan, and any patents that grant from this patent family are predicted to expire in 2035 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. The other patent family is pending in the United States, and any patents that grant from this patent family are predicted to expire in 2037 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. 
 Our exclusively owned patent families related to our SWAP platform include six patent families related to compositions of matter and/or methods of use relevant to SZN-1326. Two of these patent families are filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong and Japan, and any patents that grant from these patent families are predicted to expire in 2038 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. One is filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, and Japan, and any patents that grant from these patent families are predicted to expire in 2038 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. One application is filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, India, and Japan, and any patents that grant from this application is predicted to expire in 2039 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. One application is filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, India, Japan, and the Republic of Korea, and any patents that grant from this application is predicted to expire in 2040 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. Another has been filed as a PCT application and a Taiwan application, and any patents that grant from these applications are predicted to expire in 2042. Other exclusively owned patent families related to the SWAP program are directed to compositions of matter and/or methods of use relevant to potential future product candidates. They include: one patent family filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, the Republic of Korea, and Japan; one patent family filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, Europe, and Japan; one patent family filed in United States, Australia, Canada, China, and Japan; one pending PCT application and corresponding pending applications also filed in United States, Lebanon, Taiwan, and Argentina; one pending PCT application; and two provisional applications. Any patents that grant from these patent families related to the SWAP program are predicted to expire between 2040 and 2043 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. 
 SWEETS Platform Technology 
 As of December 31, 2022, we solely own or exclusively license five patent families related to our SWEETS platform. These patent families are directed to compositions of matter and methods of use of SWEETS molecules, and relate to tissue-selective R-spondin mimetics and binding domains and uses thereof. Any patents that grant from these patent families are predicted to expire between 2038 and 2041 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. 
 We have exclusively licensed one patent family from Stanford related to our SWEETS platform. This patent family is filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, and Japan, and any patents that grant from this patent family are predicted to expire in 2038 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. 
 Our solely owned patent families related to our SWEETS platform include three patent families related to compositions of matter and/or methods of use relevant to SZN-043. Two of these patent families have been filed in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, and Japan, and any patents that grant from these patent families are predicted to expire in 2038 or 2039 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. The other patent family directed to SZN-043 composition of matter and methods of use was filed as PCT and Taiwan patent applications, and any patents that grant from national stage applications resulting from these applications are predicted to expire in 2041 absent any patent term adjustment or extension. We also filed a US provisional application encompassing antibodies that bind to components of SZN-043 and method of use related to quantification of and release assays for SZN-043. Any patents that grant from any related national stage applications are predicted to expire in 2043. We plan on filing additional applications on any improvements or modifications of SZN-043 and methods of use thereof. 
 The actual term of any patent that may issue from the above-described patent applications claiming one of our product candidates could be longer than described above due to patent term adjustment or patent term extension, if available, or shorter if we are required to file terminal disclaimers. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term for patents in the countries in which they are granted. In most countries, including the United States, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. 
 Individual patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, patents issued for regularly filed applications in the 
 28 

United States are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest effective non-provisional filing date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, delay in issuing the patent as well as a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. However, as to the FDA component, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country to country and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 
 Furthermore, we may rely upon trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, employees and consultants and invention assignment agreements with our employees. We also have confidentiality agreements or invention assignment agreements with selected consultants. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third party. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, or our product candidates or processes, obtain licenses, or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future product candidates may have an adverse impact on us. If third parties have prepared and filed patent applications prior to March 16, 2013 in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference proceedings in the USPTO, to determine priority of invention. For more information, please see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property . 
 
 Competition 
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We face potential competition from many different sources, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, universities and other academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of therapies aimed at treating autoimmune, inflammatory, metabolic, and other diseases. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with current therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. 
 The key competitive factors affecting the success of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience and price, the level of competition and the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. If any of our product candidates are approved and successfully commercialized, it is likely that we will face increased competition as a result of other companies pursuing development of products to address similar diseases. 
 With respect to SZN-1326, there are no FDA-approved therapeutics targeted towards the Wnt signaling pathway for the treatment of IBD. There are currently oral and biologic therapeutics approved for the treatment of IBD marketed by Johnson Johnson, Amgen Inc., Abbvie Inc., Takeda, Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer Inc., in addition to other major pharmaceutical companies, against which our product candidate may compete, if approved. In addition, we are aware of product candidates under development targeting epithelial barrier repair for the treatment of IBD, including from Applied Molecular Transport (AMT-126) in Phase 1. Other epithelial barrier repair programs include TP-317 by Thetis Pharmaceuticals, an oral therapeutic designed to deliver Resolvin E1 to the gastrointestinal tract in Phase 1. 
 We are aware of product candidates under development for AH and liver failure. Durect Corp is investigating DUR-928 in a Phase 2/3 clinical trial in patients with severe AH, Intercept is investigating INT-787 in a Phase 2a clinical trial in subjects with severe AH and Akaza Bioscience is preparing to investigate resatorvid (TAK-242) in a Phase 2 clinical trial of subjects with grade 1 or 2 acute-on-chronic liver failure (ACLF). Evive has completed a Phase 1b study with F-652 a recombinant fusion protein containing human interleukin 22 (IL-22) in alcoholic hepatitis. 
 With respect to our earlier stage research programs, we are aware of one FDA-approved treatment targeting the Wnt pathway. Evenity (romosozumab) is a humanized monoclonal antibody targeting sclerostin and currently marketed by Amgen Inc. and UCB for postmenopausal osteoporosis. Ankasa Regenerative Therapeutics, Inc. is developing a liposomal formulation of recombinant human 
 29 

Wnt3A protein, that is applied ex vivo, to harvested autologous bone grafts (autograft) to enhance the osteogenic properties of the autograft prior to reimplantation in orthopedic surgeries. Frequency Therapeutics is developing a therapeutic product focused on the underlying cause of sensorineural hearing loss by activating progenitor cells to regenerate hair cells. AntlerA Therapeutics is a preclinical stage company developing Wnt antibody-like molecules (ANTs) that activate specific Fzd receptor complexes and are designed to control tissue stem cells and promote tissue repair and rejuvenation. 
 For additional information on the competitive risks we face, please see the section of this Report titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We face competition from entities that have developed or may develop product candidates for the treatment of the diseases that we may target... 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries and jurisdictions including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of biological products, such as our product candidates and any future product candidates. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 
 Regulatory Approval in the United States In the United States, biological products are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before biologic product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 
 completion of extensive preclinical laboratory and animal studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, requirements; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each clinical trial may be commenced; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, Good Clinical Practice (GCP) requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety, purity and potency of the product candidate for each proposed indication; 

preparation and submission to the FDA of a biologics license application, or BLA, after completion of all clinical trials; 

payment of any user fees for FDA review of the BLA; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to accept the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biologic, or components thereof, will be produced to assess compliance with current cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biologic s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

satisfactory completion of any potential FDA audits of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA to assure compliance with GCPs and integrity of the clinical data; and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. 

30 

Preclinical Studies Before testing any biological product candidates in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical Trials The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with GCPs, an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated in the trial. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. Information about certain clinical trials, including clinical trial results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, clinical trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Disclosure of the results of these clinical trials can be delayed in certain circumstances. A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of a BLA. The FDA will accept a well- designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND if the clinical trial was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. 
 For purposes of BLA submission and approval, clinical trials are generally conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3, which may overlap or be combined: 
 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the product candidate in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. 

Phase 2 clinical trials generally involve studies conducted in a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy of the product for its intended use, further evaluate its safety and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the biologic. 

31 

Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3 and other types of clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA, the IRB, or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biologic has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether a trial may move forward at designated checkpoints based on access to certain data from the trial. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the biologic as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biologic does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. FDA Review Processes Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The BLA must include all relevant data available from preclinical and clinical studies, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical studies intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of the product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by independent investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety, purity and potency of the investigational product to the satisfaction of the FDA. FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before a biologic may be marketed in the United States. The cost of preparing and submitting a BLA is substantial. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, each BLA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. The applicant under an approved BLA is also subject to an annual program fee. The FDA reviews a submitted BLA to determine if it is substantially complete before the FDA accepts it for filing and may request additional information from the sponsor. The FDA must make a decision on accepting a BLA for filing within 60 days of receipt, and may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with any additional information requested. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the BLA. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. Under the goals agreed to by the FDA under the PDUFA, the FDA has ten months, from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of an original BLA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of an original BLA designated for priority review. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority BLAs, and the review process can be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether such facilities comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements and the integrity of the data supporting safety, purity, and potency of the product candidate. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel products or products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it generally considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions on approval. 
 32 

After the FDA evaluates a BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product is produced, it will issue either an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter, or CRL. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application will not be approved in its present form. A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies in the BLA and may require additional clinical data, additional pivotal clinical trial(s) and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing in order for FDA to reconsider the application. If a CRL is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application or request an opportunity for a hearing. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months from receipt, depending on the type of information included. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may require a REMS to help ensure that the benefits of the biologic outweigh the potential risks to patients. A REMS is a safety strategy implemented to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use. A REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals and elements to assure a product s safe use, or ETASU. An ETASU can include, but is not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing the product, dispensing the product only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient-specific registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. Orphan Drug Designation Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States but for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product in the United States. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation on its own does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. Among the benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA application user fee. In addition, if a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same product for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or in instances of drug supply issues. Competitors, however, may receive approval of either a different product for the same indication or the same product for a different indication. In the latter case, because healthcare professionals are free to prescribe products for off-label uses, the competitor s product could be used for the orphan indication despite another product s orphan exclusivity. A designated orphan drug many not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or, as noted above, if a second applicant demonstrates that its product is clinically superior to the approved product with orphan exclusivity or the manufacturer of the approved product is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA offers a number of expedited development and review programs for qualifying product candidates intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. For example, fast track designation may be granted for products that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment and where preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease condition. Fast track designation applies to combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a biological 
 33 

product candidate can request the FDA to designate the candidate for a specific indication for fast track status concurrent with, or after, the submission of the IND for the candidate. The FDA must determine if the biologic candidate qualifies for fast track designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. The sponsor of a fast track product has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once a BLA is submitted, the product candidate may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a fast track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. Breakthrough therapy designation may be granted for products that are intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the breakthrough therapy program, the sponsor of a new biologic candidate may request that the FDA designate the candidate for a specific indication as a breakthrough therapy concurrent with, or after, the submission of the IND for the biologic candidate. The FDA must determine if the biological product qualifies for breakthrough therapy designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. The FDA may take certain actions with respect to breakthrough therapies, including holding meetings with the sponsor throughout the development process, providing timely advice to the product sponsor regarding development and approval, involving more senior staff in the review process, assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the review team and taking other steps to design the clinical studies in an efficient manner. The designation also includes all of the fast track program features, including eligibility for rolling review of BLA submissions if the relevant criteria are met. Priority review may be granted for products that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness compared to available therapies. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. For original BLAs, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (as compared to ten months under standard review). Accelerated approval may be granted for products that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and that generally provide a meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments. A product eligible for accelerated approval may be approved on the basis of either a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. The accelerated approval pathway is most often used in settings in which the course of a disease is long, and an extended period of time is required to measure the intended clinical benefit of a product, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint occurs rapidly. Thus, accelerated approval has been used extensively in the development and approval of products for treatment of a variety of cancers in which the goal of therapy is generally to improve survival or decrease morbidity and the duration of the typical disease course requires lengthy and sometimes large studies to demonstrate a clinical or survival benefit. The accelerated approval pathway is contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence and, in some cases, the FDA may require that the trial be designed, initiated and/or fully enrolled prior to approval. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or to confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw the product from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or the time period for FDA review or approval may not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval, but may expedite the development or approval process. Additional Controls for Biologics To help reduce the increased risk of the introduction of adventitious agents, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing controls for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The PHSA also provides authority to the FDA to immediately suspend licenses in situations where there exists a danger to public health, to prepare or procure products in the event of shortages and critical public health needs, and to authorize the creation and enforcement of regulations to prevent the introduction or spread of communicable diseases in the United States and between states. After a BLA is approved, the product may also be subject to official lot release as a condition of approval. As part of the 
 34 

manufacturing process, the manufacturer is required to perform certain tests on each lot of the product before it is released for distribution. If the product is subject to official release by the FDA, the manufacturer submits samples of each lot of product to the FDA together with a release protocol showing a summary of the history of manufacture of the lot and the results of all of the manufacturer s tests performed on the lot. The FDA may also perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some products, such as viral vaccines, before releasing the lots for distribution by the manufacturer. In addition, the FDA conducts laboratory research related to the regulatory standards on the safety, purity, potency and effectiveness of biological products. As with drugs, after approval of biologics, manufacturers must address any safety issues that arise, are subject to recalls or a halt in manufacturing, and are subject to periodic inspection after approval. Pediatric Information Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), BLAs or supplements to BLAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the biological product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the biological product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers, or deferrals, for submission of data. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA generally does not apply to any biological product for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. PREA applies to BLAs for orphan-designated biologics if the biologic is a molecularly targeted cancer product intended for the treatment of an adult cancer and is directed at a molecular target that FDA has determined is substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer. The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (BPCA) provides a six-month extension of any exclusivity patent or non-patent for a biologic if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA s determination that information relating to the use of a new biologic in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, FDA making a written request for pediatric studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications under the BPCA are treated as priority applications, with all of the benefits that designation confers. Post-Approval Requirements Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. Once a BLA is approved, a product will be subject to certain additional post-approval requirements. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, may impose a REMS and/or post-market surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control, biological product manufacture, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Biologic manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Manufacturers are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, including those focused on manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, suspension of the approval, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning or other enforcement-related letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending BLAs or supplements to approved BLAs, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

35 

consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. Biosimilars and Reference Product Exclusivity The Affordable Care Act, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be biosimilar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a biological product be biosimilar to the reference product and that the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products administered multiple times to an individual, that the product and the reference product may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biological product without such alternation or switch. However, complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the processes by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway that are still being worked out by the FDA. Under the BPCIA an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength, or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity or potency. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. 
 International Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, a variety of foreign regulations govern clinical trials, commercial sales and distribution of product candidates. The approval process varies from country to country and the time to approval may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. Other Healthcare Laws and Regulations and Legislative Reform Healthcare Laws and Regulations 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our operations, including any arrangements with healthcare providers, physicians, third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws that may affect the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we would market, sell and distribute our products. Our 
 36 

current and future operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state, and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to CMS, HHS (including the Office of Inspector General, Office for Civil Rights and the Health Resources and Services Administration), the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. The healthcare laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has also been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other hand. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, but the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection. Additionally, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

Federal civil and criminal false claims laws, such as the False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private citizens through civil qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalty laws prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false, fictitious or fraudulent claims for payment of federal funds, and knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Drug manufacturers can be held liable under the False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. For example, pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under the False Claims Act in connection with their alleged off-label promotion of drugs, purportedly concealing price concessions in the pricing information submitted to the government for government price reporting purposes, and allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal healthcare programs for the product. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, among other things, imposes criminal liability for executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and creates federal criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as amended by Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, which impose privacy, security and breach reporting obligations with respect to individually identifiable health information upon entities subject to the law, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, known as covered entities, and their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in U.S. federal courts to enforce HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 

Federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

The federal transparency requirements under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Affordable Care Act, which requires, among other things, certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians, as defined by such law, and teaching hospitals and physician ownership and investment interests, including such ownership and investment interests held by a physician s immediate family members. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations will 

37 

extend to include payments and transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners; 

Federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs; 

State and foreign laws that are analogous to each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply to items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, and state laws that require manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and pricing information; and 

State and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs, comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or to track and report gifts, compensation and other remuneration provided to physicians and other healthcare providers; state laws that require the reporting of marketing expenditures or drug pricing, including information pertaining to and justifying price increases; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; state laws that prohibit various marketing-related activities, such as the provision of certain kinds of gifts or meals; state laws that require the posting of information relating to clinical trials and their outcomes; and other federal, state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information or personally identifiable information in certain circumstances, including state health information privacy and data breach notification laws which govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, thus requiring additional compliance efforts. 

If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other current or future healthcare laws that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could substantially disrupt our operations. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for an alleged or suspected violation could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, even if our defense is successful. In addition, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Legislative Reform We operate in a highly regulated industry, and new laws, regulations and judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, related to healthcare availability, the method of delivery and payment for healthcare products and services could negatively affect our business, financial condition and prospects. There is significant interest in promoting healthcare reforms, and it is likely that federal and state legislatures within the United States and the governments of other countries will continue to consider changes to existing healthcare legislation. 
 For example, the United States and state governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to reduce the cost of healthcare. In 2010, the U.S. Congress enacted the Affordable Care Act, which included changes to the coverage and reimbursement of drug products under government healthcare programs such as: 
 increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; 

established a branded prescription drug fee that pharmaceutical manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs must pay to the federal government; 

expanded the list of covered entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program by adding new entities to the program; 

established a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (increased to 70 , effective as of 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

38 

extended manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

created a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidates, that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

established a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

established a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation at the CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending; and 

created a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products. 

There remain judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. It is unclear how efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act will impact the Affordable Care Act. It is difficult to predict the future legislative landscape in healthcare and the effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 In addition, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the United States federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. If government spending is further reduced, anticipated budgetary shortfalls may also impact the ability of relevant agencies, such as the FDA, to continue to function at current levels, which may impact the ability of relevant agencies to timely review and approve research and development, manufacturing and marketing activities, which may delay our ability to develop, market and sell any product candidates we may develop. Moreover, any significant spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented, or any significant taxes or fees that may be imposed on us, as part of any broader deficit reduction effort or legislative replacement to the Budget Control Act, could have an adverse impact on our anticipated product revenues. 
 Furthermore, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several congressional inquiries and proposed legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. Further, it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to health epidemics. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 Our Employees 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had 74 full-time employees, with 50 in research and development and 24 in general and administrative functions. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we have not experienced any work stoppages. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 We believe our total compensation package helps us attract and retain our employees. We offer our employees flexible benefits to meet the individual health and wellness needs of our employees, including competitive pay, equity grants, medical benefits, leave programs, and a 401(k) savings plan. 
 Our human capital objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. 
 39 

Strategic Talent and Culture Vision 
 We are committed to being a great place to work for enterprising pioneers. We embody these shared values or principles in our work and daily interactions: collaborate, lead, innovate, motivate, and be brave, open and nurturing. These core principles are incorporated in all our people practices including hiring, performance management, and career development. We strive to foster an environment for our employees where: 
 we bravely explore and innovate together, with passion for the work and honesty towards each other; 

flexibility in skills, resilience, and adaptability to change are valued; 

diversity, equity, and inclusion are embraced, and everyone makes a difference; 

the workplace is fun, supportive and rewarding; and 

patients are at the heart of what we do. 

We know how much culture matters to the quality of our work experience, so we are committed to do all we can to strengthen our culture. Our inclusive and pioneering culture creates a sense of belonging, impact, adventure and fun. Our values are not just words on the wall. 
 Leadership is something that we promote at all levels, encouraging employees to expand their comfort zones through team adventures and enthusiastically celebrate our accomplishments together. Through Surrozen Leadership Academy, we provide training to all employees on various leadership topics that support the long-term growth of the organization. 
 Employee Engagement 
 Our engagement strategy focuses on creating a workplace that is reflective of our core values. We believe that strong employee engagement helps enable higher retention and better business performance. 
 Employee feedback is gathered through regular conversations with our employees, managers, and through engagement surveys. Feedback informs and shapes our future employee-focused initiatives. Feedback has been incorporated into changes in our compensation, benefits, employee development programs and other culture programs. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We believe a diverse workforce and culture of inclusion is essential. To that end, we recently formed IDEA, a committee focused on diversity, equity, and inclusion. The committee is committed to making Surrozen a safe space for all employees, where everyone can voice their opinions without fear. 
 IDEA s mission is for everyone to feel they belong at Surrozen, and that they are acknowledged, appreciated, and given opportunities for development. IDEA is committed to raising awareness, spotlighting cultural and heritage events, and celebrating all our multi-faceted backgrounds. 
 40 

As of March 1, 2023, 47 of all employees were female, and 40 or our managerial employees were female. 

Employee Wellness and Safety 
 It is our goal to provide a safe and healthy workplace for all employees and to eliminate occupational injuries and illnesses. Every employee is obligated to always comply with the requirements of our Injury and Illness Prevention Program. In addition, we provide information to employees about workplace safety and health issues through bulletin board postings, memos, training, and online or other written communications. All employees and managers complete workplace harassment and sexual harassment training that includes details on how to report any violation of these policies. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken caution and adhered to local safety guidelines. We have also created policies and practices to ensure the safety of employees within the office, including increasing cleaning procedures, encouraging employees who are able to work from home to do so and implementing mask mandates, social distancing, and additional safety measures as appropriate. We require all U.S. employees to be vaccinated, boosted, and provide optional PCR based testing on a weekly basis for all on-site employees. For any employee who contracts COVID-19, we provide full pay for their entire recovery and quarantine time, regardless of the guidelines of their home country. We provide sick leave for any affected employee at 100 of their salary or average hourly wages. 
 In general, we support a flexible workforce. We offer a variety of work arrangements including remote working, hybrid (virtual and on-site) and completely on-site. 
 As an additional benefit for all employees, we provide flu shots for our employees and their families. 
 Code of Conduct 
 We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of business conduct and ethics. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics reflects the business practices and principles of behavior that support this commitment. We expect every employee, officer and director to read and understand our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and its application to the performance of his or her business responsibilities. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 171 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 400, South San Francisco, California 94080 and our telephone number is (650) 489-9000. Our corporate website address is www.surrozen.com. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 41 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before you make an investment decision with respect to our securities, in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this Report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report and in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding to invest in our securities. If any of the events or developments described below were to occur, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could suffer materially, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may become material and adversely affect our business. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Below is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Our business involves significant risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and stock price. These risks are more fully described below and include, among others: 
 We are an clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a history of losses. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability, which could result in a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

Phase 1 clinical trials for SZN-043 in healthy volunteers are ongoing but treatment-related adverse events have been observed, and if these findings continue or worsen, we could require additional capital to complete our clinical trials and development efforts for SZN-043. 

None of our products have received regulatory approval; our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on obtaining regulatory approval and successfully commercializing product candidates, either alone or with collaborators. 

If any current or future product candidate, after it begins clinical trials or receives marketing approval, demonstrates undesirable safety or tolerability side effects or safety concerns, our ability to market and derive revenue from the product candidate could be compromised. 

We will need substantial additional funds to advance development of product candidates of our Wnt therapeutics platform, and we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available in the future to develop and commercialize our current or potential future product candidates. 

We have incurred significant operating losses since inception and anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future. 

Any future equity or debt issuances or other financing transactions may have dilutive or adverse effects on our existing stockholders. 

We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and plan to continue to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 

Our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected for various reasons. 

The manufacturing of our product candidates is complex. We and our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production. If we encounter any such difficulties, our ability to supply our product candidates for clinical trials or, if approved, for commercial sale, could be delayed or halted entirely. 

We face competition from entities that have developed or may develop product candidates for the treatment of the diseases that we may target, including companies developing novel treatments and therapeutic platforms. If these companies develop therapeutics or product candidates more rapidly than we do, or if their therapeutics or product candidates are more effective or have fewer side effects, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize product candidates may be adversely affected. 

If we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to operate in foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 

42 

Our business, operations and clinical development plans and timelines could be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, natural disasters and other events on the manufacturing, clinical trial and other business activities performed by us or by third parties with whom it conducts business, including contract manufacturers, CROs, shippers and others. 

To the extent we enter into any other collaborations, we may depend on such collaborations for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. If those collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of our product candidates. 

Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. 

If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our technology and current or future product candidates, or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

Some intellectual property that we have in-licensed may have been discovered through government funded programs and thus may be subject to federal regulations such as march-in rights, certain reporting requirements and a preference for U.S.-based companies. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive rights and limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. manufacturers. 

Clinical development includes a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, we may have negative results and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 

We have conducted certain of our clinical trials for our product candidates outside of the United States. However, the FDA and other foreign equivalents may not accept data from such trials, in which case its development plans will be delayed, which could materially harm its business. 

A few stockholders, including one of our directors, may control the voting rights with respect to a large number of shares of our common stock. They could exercise their voting power in a manner that adversely affects the Company or our stockholders. 

43 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a history of losses. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability, which could result in a decline in the market value of our common stock. 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a history of losses. Since its inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to research and development, preclinical studies, clinical trials, building our management team and building our intellectual property portfolio, and have incurred significant operating losses. Substantially all of our losses have resulted from expenses incurred in connection with its research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales, and have not sought or obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate. Furthermore, we do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future, and we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the cost of research and development, preclinical studies and clinical trials and the regulatory approval process for our current and potential future product candidates. 
 We expect our net losses to increase substantially as our lead product candidates, SZN-1326, SZN-043 and SZN-413, advance through clinical development. However, the amount of our future losses is uncertain. Our ability to achieve or sustain profitability, if ever, will depend on, among other things, successfully developing product candidates, resuming clinical trials for SZN-1326, continuing clinical trials for SZN-043, successful development and testing of SZN-413 through our partnership with Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, or BI, obtaining regulatory approvals to market and commercialize product candidates, manufacturing any approved products on commercially reasonable terms, entering into potential future alliances, establishing a sales and marketing organization or suitable third-party alternatives for any approved product and raising sufficient funds to finance business activities. If we, or our current and potential future collaborators, are unable to commercialize one or more of our product candidates, or if sales revenue from any product candidate that receives approval is insufficient, we will not achieve or sustain profitability, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Phase 1 clinical trials for SZN-043 in healthy volunteers are ongoing but treatment-related adverse events have been observed, and if these findings continue or worsen, we could require additional capital to complete our clinical trials and development efforts for SZN-043. 
 Clinical trials for SZN-043 are ongoing, but Grade 1 and 2 treatment-related asymptomatic transaminase elevations were present in several subjects dosed with SZN-043. The transaminase elevations for these subjects resolved spontaneously, and no serious adverse events were observed during the study. We intend to further analyze available clinical data and modify clinical studies as necessary to understand and safely resolve these observations. If these observations continue or worsen, we may need to pause the trials to perform additional pre-clinical experiments, causing delays in our development plans and requiring additional capital to resume and complete our development efforts and clinical trials for SZN-043. If we are unable to safely continue the trials for SZN-043 and resolve these observations, development of SZN-043 may be substantially delayed or abandoned and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 None of our products have received regulatory approval; our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on obtaining regulatory approval and successfully commercializing product candidates, either alone or with collaborators. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approval for the commercial distribution of our product candidates, we or a collaborator must conduct extensive preclinical studies, followed by clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency, or efficacy of our product candidates in humans. There is no guarantee that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or other regulatory authorities will permit us to conduct clinical trials. Further, we cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our preclinical studies and cannot predict if the FDA or other regulatory authorities will accept our proposed clinical programs, our clinical protocols or if the outcome of our preclinical studies will ultimately support the further development of our preclinical programs or testing in humans. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to submit Investigational New Drugs, or INDs, or similar applications for our proposed clinical programs on the timeline we expect, if at all, and cannot be sure that submission of INDs or similar applications will result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities allowing clinical trials for any of our product candidates to begin. 
 We are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development of product candidates based on novel approaches, targets and mechanisms of action. There is no guarantee that we will be able to proceed with clinical development of our product candidates or that our product candidates will demonstrate a clinical benefit once we further advance these candidates. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties that we have encountered and that are frequently encountered by clinical stage biopharmaceutical companies such as us. 
 We may not be able to access the financial resources to continue development of, or to enter into any collaborations for, SZN-1326, SZN-043 or any potential future product candidates. This may be exacerbated if we experience any issues that delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, a product candidate, such as: 
 44 

negative or inconclusive results from our preclinical or clinical trials (including as described above) or the clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or abandon any or all of our programs; 

product-related side effects experienced by participants in our clinical trials (such as the asymptomatic transaminase elevations discussed above) or by individuals using drugs or therapeutic antibodies similar to ours, including immunogenicity; 

delays in submitting IND applications or comparable foreign applications, or delays or failures to obtain the necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial, or a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 

conditions imposed by the FDA or other regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

delays in enrolling research subjects in clinical trials; 

high drop-out rates of research subjects; 

inadequate supply or quality of product candidate components or materials or other supplies necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 

chemistry, manufacturing and control, or CMC, challenges associated with manufacturing and scaling up biologic product candidates to ensure consistent quality, stability, purity and potency among different batches used in clinical trials; 

greater-than-anticipated clinical trial costs; 

poor potency or effectiveness of our product candidates during clinical trials; 

unfavorable FDA or other regulatory authority inspection and review of a clinical trial or manufacturing site; 

delays as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or events associated with the pandemic; 

failure of us or Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH to adequately perform under the Collaboration and License Agreement; 

failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 

delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policies and guidelines; or 

the FDA or other regulatory authorities interpreting our data differently than it does. 

Further, we and our current and potential future collaborator may never receive approval to market and commercialize any product candidate. Even if we or our current and potential future collaborator obtains regulatory approval, the approval may be for targets, disease indications or patient populations that are not as broad as were intended or desired or may require labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings. We or our current and potential future collaborator may be subject to post-marketing testing requirements to maintain regulatory approval. 
 SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 and any future product candidate that is tested in humans may not demonstrate the safety, purity and potency, or efficacy, necessary to become approvable or commercially viable. 
 We may ultimately discover that SZN-1326, SZN-043 and SZN-413 do not possess certain properties that we believe are helpful for therapeutic effectiveness and safety. For example, although SZN-043 and SZN-1326 exhibited encouraging results in animal studies, they may not demonstrate the same properties in humans and may interact with human biological systems in unforeseen, ineffective or harmful ways, as shown by the observations of asymptomatic transaminase elevations discussed above. As a result, we may never succeed in developing a marketable product based on any of our current or future product candidates. If SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or any of our potential future product candidates prove to be ineffective, unsafe or commercially unviable, our entire pipeline could have little, if any, value, which could require us to change our focus and approach to antibody-based discovery and development and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to use and expand our Wnt therapeutics platform to build a pipeline of product candidates. 
 A key element of our strategy is to use and expand our Wnt therapeutics platform to discover and develop a portfolio of Wnt product candidates that can facilitate the repair and/or regeneration of damaged tissue for patients suffering from a variety of severe diseases. Although our research and development efforts to date have resulted in the discovery and development of SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 and other potential product candidates, our current product candidates may not be safe or effective therapeutics and we may not be able to develop any successful product candidates. Our platform is evolving and may not reach a state at which building a pipeline of product candidates is possible. Even if we are successful in building its pipeline of product candidates, the potential product candidates that we identify may not be suitable for clinical development or generate acceptable clinical data, including as a result of being shown 
 45 

to have unacceptable toxicity or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities or achieve market acceptance. Observations of asymptomatic transaminase elevations in clinical trials of SZN-1326 and SZN-043, as announced in November 2022, could also impair our ability to build and expand our Wnt platform if we are unable to successfully resolve those observations. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize product candidates, we will not be able to generate product revenue in the future. 
 Although we intend to explore other therapeutic opportunities, in addition to the product candidates that we are currently developing, we may fail to identify viable new product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons. If we fail to identify additional potential product candidates, our business could be materially harmed. 
 Although a substantial amount of our efforts will focus on the planned clinical trials and potential approval of our existing product candidates and other potential product candidates we are evaluating, a key element of our strategy is to discover, develop and potentially commercialize additional products beyond our current product candidates to treat various conditions and in a variety of therapeutic areas. We intend to do so by investing in our own drug discovery efforts, exploring potential strategic alliances for the development of new products and in-licensing technologies. Identifying new investigational medicines requires substantial technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any investigational medicines are ultimately identified. Even if we identify investigational medicines that initially show promise, we may fail to successfully develop and commercialize such products for many reasons, including the following: 
 the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential investigational medicines; 

competitors may develop alternatives that render its investigational medicines obsolete; 

investigational medicines it develops may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; 

an investigational medicine may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

it may take greater human and financial resources than we will possess to identify additional therapeutic opportunities for our product candidates or to develop suitable potential product candidates through internal research programs, thereby limiting its ability to develop, diversify and expand our product portfolio; 

an investigational medicine may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and 

an approved product may not be accepted as safe and effective by trial participants, the medical community or third-party payors. 

Because we have limited financial and human resources, we intend to initially focus on research programs and product candidates for a limited set of indications. As a result, we may forgo or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential or a greater likelihood of success. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. 
 Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will ever be able to identify additional therapeutic opportunities for our product candidates or to develop suitable potential product candidates through internal research programs, which could materially adversely affect our future growth and prospects. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential product candidates or other potential programs that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
 The market may not be receptive to our current or potential future product candidates, and we may not generate any revenue from the sale or licensing of our product candidates. 
 Even if regulatory approval is obtained for a product candidate, including SZN-1326 and SZN-043, we may not generate or sustain revenue from sales of approved products. Market acceptance of our current and potential future product candidates, if approved, will depend on, among other factors: 
 the timing of its receipt of any marketing and commercialization approvals; 

the terms of any approvals and the countries in which approvals are obtained; 

the safety and efficacy of our product candidates; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects associated with our product candidates; 

limitations or warnings contained in any labeling approved by the FDA or other regulatory authority; 

relative convenience and ease of administration of our product candidates; 

the success of its physician education programs; 

46 

the availability of coverage and adequate government and third-party payor reimbursement; 

the pricing of our products, particularly as compared to alternative treatments; and 

availability of alternative effective treatments for the disease indications our product candidates are intended to treat and the relative risks, benefits and costs of those treatments. 

If any product candidate we commercialize fails to achieve market acceptance, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If any current or future product candidate, after it begins clinical trials or receives marketing approval, demonstrates undesirable safety or tolerability side effects or safety concerns, our ability to market and derive revenue from the product candidate could be compromised. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or any potential future product candidate could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. While we have initiated clinical trials for SZN-1326 and SZN-043, we have already experienced findings that have caused us to voluntarily pause clinical trials for SZN-1326 and make adjustments to clinical trials for SZN-043. It is also likely that there will be side effects associated with the testing or use of our product candidates. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of these side effects. In such an event, our trials could be suspended (as we have done for SZN-1326) or terminated and the FDA or other regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of a product candidate for any or all targeted indications. Such side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. For example, certain researchers have noted that therapeutics targeting the Wnt pathway may lead to tumor formation or proliferation as a result of the downstream impacts of Wnt signaling. To date, we have not observed any such tumor formation with SZN-1326 or SZN-043 in our preclinical toxicology studies and clinical trials, but there can be no guarantee that our current or future product candidates will not result in tumor formation. Any of these occurrences or failure to resolve the findings related to SZN-1326 and SZN-043 may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition and impair our ability to generate revenues. 
 Further, clinical trials by their nature use a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients and limited duration of exposure, rare and severe side effects of a product candidate may only be uncovered when a significantly larger number of patients are exposed to the product candidate or when patients are exposed for a longer period of time. 
 In the event that any of our current or potential future product candidates receive regulatory approval and we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by one of these products, any of the following adverse events could occur, which could result in the loss of significant revenue to us and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and business: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product or seize the product; 

we may be required to recall the product or change the way the product is administered to patients; 

additional restrictions may be imposed on the marketing of the particular product or the manufacturing processes for the product or any component thereof; 

we may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a black box warning or a contraindication; 

regulatory authorities may require additional post-marketing safety studies or registries; 

we may be required to create a Medication Guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; 

the product may become less competitive; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

We will need substantial additional funds to advance development of product candidates of our Wnt therapeutics platform, and we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available in the future to develop and commercialize our current or potential future product candidates. 
 The development of biopharmaceutical product candidates is capital-intensive. If SZN-1326, SZN-043 or potential future product candidates advance through preclinical studies and clinical trials, we will need substantial additional funds to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities. We have used substantial funds to develop our Wnt therapeutics platform, SZN-1326, SZN-043 and other product candidates and we will require significant funds to continue to develop our platform, resume clinical trials for SZN-1326, continue clinical trials for SZN-043 and conduct further research and development, including preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 47 

To date, we have primarily financed our operations through the sale of equity securities. Until such time as we can generate sufficient revenue from sales of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including government grants, potential collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. In February 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement and a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, or Lincoln Park, pursuant to which we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase up to 50.0 million of our common stock from time to time over a 36-month period, subject to certain conditions and limitations. We may not be able to receive any or all of the funds from Lincoln Park because of the limitations, restrictions, requirements, events of default and other provisions contained in the purchase agreement that could limit our ability to cause Lincoln Park to purchase our common stock. If our stock price drops, we also may not be able to sell shares to Lincoln Park at all or in amounts sufficient to obtain necessary financing. In December 2022, we entered into a sales agreement with Guggenheim Securities, LLC, or Guggenheim, in connection with a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed in December 2022, to issue and sell our common stock up to 23.0 million under the at-the-market offering. To date we have not sold any shares of common stock under the sales agreement. Given the volatility in the capital markets, we may not be willing or able to raise equity capital through such at-the-market offering. We may, therefore, need to turn to other sources of funding that may have terms that are not favorable to us, or reduce our business operations given capital constraints. 
 We may be unable to raise additional funds or to enter into such agreements or arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States, and worldwide. The overall impact of these events on our business may be significantly affected by the actions of U.S. and foreign governments. These events and actions could result in severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, and uncertainty about economic stability. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. 
 If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts, in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back, or discontinue the development of our product pipeline or other research and development initiatives. We also could be required to seek collaborators for our product pipeline and any future product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to our product pipeline and any future product candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves. 
 Our future capital requirements and the period for which we expect existing resources to support our operations may vary significantly from what we expect. Our monthly spending levels vary based on new and ongoing research and development and other corporate activities. Because the length of time and activities associated with successful research and development of product candidates is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization activities. The timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend largely on: 
 the timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development of SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 and other potential future product candidates; 

the timing and progress of the development of our Wnt therapeutics platform; 

the price and pricing structure that we are able to obtain from our third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our preclinical study and clinical trial materials and supplies; 

the extent to which prices for supplies and materials increase due to inflationary pressures and labor market constraints; 

the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 

our ability to maintain our current licenses, research and development programs and to establish new collaborations; 

the progress of the development efforts of parties with whom we may in the future enter into collaboration and research and development agreements; 

the costs involved in obtaining, maintaining, enforcing and defending patents and other intellectual property rights; 

the impact of the health epidemics on our business; 

the cost and timing of regulatory approvals; and 

our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel, including personnel to support development of our product candidates and satisfy our obligations as a public company. 

If we are unable to raise sufficient capital when needed, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be harmed, and we will need to significantly modify our operational plans. We may also have to liquidate assets, and the value we receive for any assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. 
 48 

We have incurred significant operating losses since inception and anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses to date and it is possible we may never generate a profit. We do not expect to realize revenue from product sales or royalties from licensed products for the foreseeable future, if at all, and unless and until our current and potential future product candidates are clinically tested, approved for commercialization and successfully marketed. We expect to continue to incur additional operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to develop our product candidates. If the time required to generate significant product revenues and achieve profitability is longer than we currently anticipate or if we are unable to generate liquidity through equity financing or other sources of funding, we may be forced to curtail or suspend our operations. 
 Any future equity or debt issuances or other financing transactions may have dilutive or adverse effects on our existing stockholders. 
 The terms of any financing, including our potential financing through Lincoln Park and the at-the-market offering with Guggenheim, may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders, and the issuance of additional securities by us, whether equity or debt, or the market perception that such issuances are likely to occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. To the extent that we raise additional capital through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our current and potential future product candidates, future revenue streams or research programs or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we raise any additional capital through public or private equity or convertible debt offerings, including through any sales of common stock to Lincoln Park or under the at-the-market offering with Guggenheim, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 
 Any additional capital raising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our current and future product candidates, if approved. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we intend to focus our efforts on specific research and development programs, including clinical development of SZN-1326, SZN-043 and SZN-413. As a result, we may forgo or delay pursuit of other opportunities, including with potential future product candidates that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial product candidates or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable product candidates. If we do not resume clinical trials for SZN-1326, we will not see a return on the capital spent to develop SZN-1326, resulting in adverse effects on our financial condition and ability to pursue other opportunities. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaborations, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which we would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available or as additional analyses are conducted, and as the data are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose interim, preliminary or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of its analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, preliminary or topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. For example, in November 2022, we reported observations in connection with clinical studies on SZN-1326 and SZN-043, and these observations could differ materially from future findings. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. From time to time, we may also disclose interim, preliminary or topline data from our clinical studies. Interim, topline or preliminary data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between preliminary, topline or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and the value of us in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in 
 49 

our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product, product candidate or our business. If the topline data that we report differs from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition 
 We may not be able to enter into strategic transactions on acceptable terms, if at all, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize current and potential future product candidates, impact our cash position, increase our expense, and present significant distractions to our management. 
 From time to time, we consider strategic transactions, such as collaborations, acquisitions of companies, asset purchases, joint ventures and out- or in-licensing of product candidates or technologies. For example, in October 2022, we executed a strategic partnership with BI for the research and development of SZN-413 for the treatment of retinal diseases. We will continue to evaluate and, if strategically attractive, seek to enter into collaborations, including with biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies or hospitals. The competition for collaborators is intense, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. If we are not able to enter into strategic transactions, we may not have access to required liquidity or expertise to further develop our potential future product candidates or our Wnt therapeutics platform. Any such collaboration, or other strategic transaction, may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, increase its near- and long-term expenditures and pose significant integration or implementation challenges or disrupt our management or business. 
 We also may acquire additional technologies and assets, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that it believes will complement or augment our existing business, but we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such assets. Conversely, any new collaboration that we enter into may be on terms that are not optimal for us or our product candidates. These transactions would entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 
 exposure to unknown liabilities; 

disruption of our business and diversion of its management s time and attention in order to manage a collaboration or develop acquired products, product candidates or technologies; 

incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of equity securities to pay transaction consideration or costs; 

higher-than-expected collaboration, acquisition or integration costs, write-downs of assets or goodwill or impairment charges, increased amortization expenses; 

difficulty and cost in facilitating the collaboration or combining the operations and personnel of any acquired business; 

impairment of relationships with key suppliers, manufacturers or customers of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership; and 

the inability to retain key employees of any acquired business. 

Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any current or future partnerships and transactions may be subject to the foregoing or other risks and our business could be materially harmed by such transactions. Conversely, any failure to enter any collaboration or other strategic transaction that would be beneficial to us could delay the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates and have a negative impact on the competitiveness of any product candidate that reaches market. 
 In addition, to the extent that any current or future collaborators terminate a collaboration agreement, we may be forced to independently develop our current and future product candidates, including funding preclinical studies or clinical trials, assuming marketing and distribution costs and maintaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property rights, or, in certain instances, abandon product candidates altogether, any of which could result in a change to our business plan and materially harm its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and plan to continue to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 
 We rely on third-party clinical investigators, contract research organizations, or CROs, clinical data management organizations and consultants to design, conduct, supervise and monitor certain preclinical studies and any clinical trials. Because we intend to rely on these third parties and will not have the ability to conduct certain preclinical studies or clinical trials independently, we will have less control over the timing, quality and other aspects of such preclinical studies and clinical trials than we would have had it conducted them on its own. These investigators, CROs and consultants will not be our employees and we will have limited control over the amount of time and resources that they dedicate to our programs. Some of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us at any time. We also expect to have to negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs, clinical trial sites and contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, and may not be able to do so on favorable terms, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements with, or replace or add any third parties, this would involve substantial cost and require 
 50 

extensive management time and focus, or involve a transition period, and may delay our drug development activities, as well as materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. These third parties may have contractual relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, which may draw time and resources from our programs. The third parties with which we may contract might not be diligent, careful or timely in conducting our preclinical studies or clinical trials, resulting in the preclinical studies or clinical trials being delayed or unsuccessful. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for such drug development activities will reduce our control over these activities. As a result, we will have less direct control over the conduct, timing and completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials and the management of data developed through preclinical studies and clinical trials than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon its own staff. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies and trials is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, including good laboratory practice, or GLP, good clinical practice, or GCP and current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA and other regulatory authorities require us to comply with GCP standards, regulations for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are reliable and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or other regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. There can be no assurance that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials substantially comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients, may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates FDA regulatory requirements as well as federal or state healthcare laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, or if these third parties need to be replaced, they will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in its efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, its costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 We and our collaborators may not achieve projected discovery and development milestones and other anticipated key events in the time frames that such collaborators announce, which could have an adverse impact on our business and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 From time to time, we expect that we will make public statements regarding the expected timing of certain milestones and key events, such as the commencement and completion of preclinical and IND-enabling studies in our internal drug discovery programs as well as the commencement and completion of our planned clinical trials. The actual timing of these events can vary dramatically due to a number of factors such as delays or failures in our or any future collaborators drug discovery and development programs, the amount of time, effort and resources committed by us and any future collaborators, and the numerous uncertainties inherent in the development of drugs. As a result, there can be no assurance that we or any current or future collaborators programs will advance or be completed in the time frames we or they announce or expect. If we or any collaborators fail to achieve one or more of these milestones or other key events as planned, including the milestones in our agreement with BI, our business could be materially adversely affected and the price of common stock could decline. 
 Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. 
 Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. Because our current and potential future product candidates are based on new technologies and discovery approaches, we expect that they will require extensive research and development and have substantial manufacturing and processing costs. In addition, because of the limited number of drug candidates that target the Wnt pathway, the FDA or other regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional testing before commencing or resuming clinical trials and be hesitant to allow us to enroll patients impacted with its targeted disease indications in Phase 1 trials. If we are unable to enroll patients impacted by the targeted disease indications in our current and planned Phase 1 trials, we may continue to be delayed or would be delayed in obtaining potential proof-of-concept data in humans, which could extend our development timelines. In addition, costs to treat patients and to treat potential side effects that may result from our product candidates may be significant. Accordingly, our clinical trial costs are likely to be high and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected for various reasons. 
 We may not be able to initiate, resume or continue clinical trials for our current or potential future product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or other regulatory 
 51 

authorities. We cannot predict how difficult it will be to enroll and retain patients for our trials. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
 the severity of the disease under investigation; 

the patient eligibility criteria defined in the clinical trial protocol; 

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; 

willingness of physicians to refer their patients to our clinical trials; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion; and 

factors we cannot control that may limit patients, principal investigators or staff or clinical site available, including restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 

In addition, our future clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for their clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Additionally, because some of our clinical trials will be in patients with advanced disease who may experience disease progression or adverse events independent from our product candidates, such patients may be unevaluable for purposes of the trial and, as a result, we may require additional enrollment. Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 
 If clinical trials for our product candidates are prolonged, delayed or stopped, we may be unable to seek or obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis, or at all, which would require us to incur additional costs and delay our receipt of any product revenue. 
 We have experienced, and may further experience, delays in our ongoing or future preclinical studies or clinical trials, and we do not know whether preclinical studies or clinical trials will begin on time, resume in a timely manner, need to be redesigned, enroll an adequate number of patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement or completion of our clinical trials could be substantially delayed or prevented by many factors, including: 
 further discussions with the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials, including the endpoint measures required for regulatory approval and our statistical plan; 

the limited number of, and competition for, suitable study sites and investigators to conduct our clinical trials, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical trial programs with similar patients, including some that may be for the same indication as our product candidates; 

any delay or failure to obtain timely approval or agreement to commence a clinical trial in any of the countries where enrollment is planned; 

inability to obtain sufficient funds required for a clinical trial; 

clinical holds on, or other regulatory objections to, a new or ongoing clinical trial; 

delay or failure to manufacture sufficient quantities or inability to produce quantities of consistent quality, purity and potency of the product candidate for our clinical trials; 

delay or failure to reach agreement on acceptable clinical trial agreement terms or clinical trial protocols with prospective sites or CROs, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different sites or CROs; 

52 

delay or failure to obtain institutional review board, or IRB, approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site; the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to submit additional data or impose other requirements before permitting us to initiate a clinical trial; 

slower than expected rates of patient recruitment and enrollment; 

failure of patients to complete the clinical trial; 

the inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients in studies to ensure adequate statistical power to detect statistically significant treatment effects; 

unforeseen safety issues, including severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects experienced by patients, including possible deaths; 

lack of efficacy or failure to measure a statistically significant clinical benefit within the dose range with an acceptable safety margin during clinical trials; 

termination of our clinical trials by one or more clinical trial sites; 

inability or unwillingness of patients or clinical investigators to follow our clinical trial protocols; 

inability to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment by us or our CROs; 

our CROs or clinical study sites failing to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, deviating from the protocol or dropping out of a study; 

inability to address any noncompliance with regulatory requirements or safety concerns that arise during the course of a clinical trial; 

the impact of, and delays related to, health epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the need to suspend, repeat or terminate clinical trials as a result of non-compliance with regulatory requirements, inconclusive or negative results or unforeseen complications in testing; and 

the suspension or termination of our clinical trials upon a breach or pursuant to the terms of any agreement with, or for any other reason by, any future strategic collaborator that have responsibility for the clinical development of any of our product candidates. 

Changes in regulatory requirements, policies and guidelines may also occur and we may need to significantly modify our clinical development plans to reflect these changes with appropriate regulatory authorities. These changes may require us to renegotiate terms with CROs or resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. Our clinical trials may be suspended or terminated at any time by them, the FDA, other regulatory authorities, the IRB overseeing the clinical trial at issue, any of our clinical trial sites with respect to that site, or us. 
 Any failure or significant delay in commencing or completing clinical trials for our product candidates, any failure to obtain positive results from clinical trials, any safety concerns related to our product candidates, or any requirement to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that it currently contemplates would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval and our commercial prospects and ability to generate product revenue will be diminished. 
 If we decide to seek orphan drug designation for one or more of our product candidates, we may be unsuccessful or may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation for our current or future product candidates that we may develop. If our competitors are able to obtain orphan product exclusivity for their products in specific indications, we may not be able to have competing products approved in those indications by the applicable regulatory authority for a significant period of time. 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product candidate as an orphan drug if it is a drug or biologic product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States. We may seek orphan drug designation for certain indications for our product candidates in the future. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 
 Generally, if a product candidate with an orphan drug designation receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug for the same indication for seven years. The FDA may reduce the seven-year exclusivity if the same drug from a competitor demonstrates clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Even if one of our product candidates receives orphan 
 53 

exclusivity, the FDA can still approve other drugs that have a different active ingredient for use in treating the same indication or disease. Furthermore, the FDA can waive orphan exclusivity if we are unable to manufacture sufficient supply of our product. 
 We may not be able to conduct, or contract with others to conduct, animal testing in the future, which could harm our research and development activities. 
 Certain laws and regulations relating to drug development require us to test our product candidates on animals before initiating clinical trials involving humans. Animal testing activities have been the subject of controversy and adverse publicity. Animal rights groups and other organizations and individuals have attempted to stop animal testing activities by pressing for legislation and regulation in these areas and by disrupting these activities through protests and other means. To the extent the activities of these groups are successful, our research and development activities may be interrupted or delayed. 
 The manufacturing of our product candidates is complex. We and our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production. If we encounter any such difficulties, our ability to supply our product candidates for clinical trials or, if approved, for commercial sale, could be delayed or halted entirely. 
 Historically engineered antibodies have been particularly difficult to manufacture and CMOs have limited experience in the manufacturing of antibodies to selectively activate Wnt signaling. The process of manufacturing our product candidates is extremely susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure or improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, contamination and inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered in our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities in which our product candidates are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. 
 All of our engineered antibodies are manufactured by culturing cells from a master cell bank. We have one master cell bank for each antibody manufactured in accordance with cGMP standards and regulations, each stored at two sites to reduce risk of loss. It is possible that we could lose multiple cell bank sites and have our manufacturing severely impacted by the need to replace the cell bank sites, and we may fail to have adequate backup should any particular cell bank site be lost in a catastrophic event. Any adverse developments affecting manufacturing operations for our product candidates, if any are approved, may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls, or other interruptions in the supply of our products. We may also have to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Furthermore, it is too early to estimate our cost of goods sold. The actual cost to manufacture our product candidates could be greater than we expect because we are early in our development efforts. 
 Because we may rely on third parties for manufacturing and supply of our product candidates, some of which may be sole source vendors, for preclinical and clinical development materials and commercial supplies, our supply may become limited or interrupted or may not be of satisfactory quantity or quality. 
 We rely on third-party contract manufacturers for our preclinical and future clinical trial product materials and supplies. We do not produce our product candidates in quantities sufficient for preclinical and clinical development, and we do not currently own manufacturing facilities for producing such supplies. Furthermore, some of our manufacturers represent our sole source of supplies of preclinical and future clinical development materials, including our source for the manufacture of SZN-1326 and SZN-043. Although our current contract manufacturer has multiple sites capable of producing our products (both drug substance and drug product), we cannot assure you that its preclinical or future clinical development product supplies and commercial supplies will not be limited or interrupted, especially with respect to our sole source third-party manufacturing and supply collaborators, or will be of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. In particular, any replacement of our manufacturers could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified replacements. For our current and future sole source third-party manufacturing and supply collaborators, we may be unable to negotiate binding agreements with them or find replacement manufacturers to support our preclinical and future clinical activities at commercially reasonable terms in the event that their services to us become interrupted for any reason. We do not always have arrangements in place for a redundant or second-source supply for our sole source vendors in the event they cease to provide their products or services to us or do not timely provide sufficient quantities to us. Establishing additional or replacement sole source vendors, if required, may not be accomplished quickly. Any delays resulting from manufacturing or supply interruptions associated with our reliance on third-party manufacturing and supply collaborators, including those that are sole source, could impede, delay, limit or prevent our drug development efforts, which could harm our business, result of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 The manufacturing process for a product candidate is subject to FDA and other regulatory authority review. Suppliers and manufacturers must meet applicable manufacturing requirements and undergo rigorous facility and process validation tests required by regulatory authorities in order to comply with regulatory standards, such as cGMPs. In the event that any of our manufacturers fails to comply with such requirements or to perform their obligations to us in relation to quality, timing or otherwise, or if our supply of components or other materials becomes limited or interrupted for other reasons, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we currently do not have the capabilities or resources, or enter into an agreement with another third party, which we may not be able to 
 54 

do on reasonable terms, or at all. In some cases, the technical skills or technology required to manufacture our current and future product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer and we may have difficulty transferring such skills or technology to another third party and a feasible alternative may not exist. These factors would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to have another third-party manufacture our product candidates. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. The delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates in a timely manner or within budget. 
 We also expect to rely on third-party manufacturers if we receive regulatory approval for any product candidate. We have existing, and may enter into future, manufacturing arrangements with third parties. We will depend on these third parties to perform their obligations in a timely manner consistent with contractual and regulatory requirements, including those related to quality control and assurance. If we are unable to obtain or maintain third-party manufacturing for any product candidate, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our product candidates successfully. We or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements and comply with cGMPs could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 
 an inability to initiate or continue clinical trials of product candidates under development; 

delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving regulatory approvals, for product candidates; 

loss of the cooperation of a potential future collaborators; 

subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities or our potential future manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; 

requirements to cease distribution or to recall batches of product candidates; and 

in the event of approval to market and commercialize a product candidate, an inability to meet commercial demands for our products. 

Our third-party manufacturers may be unable to successfully scale manufacturing of SZN-1326, SZN-043 or potential future product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing our current and future product candidates and, if approved, commercializing product candidates. 
 In order to conduct clinical trials for SZN-1326 and SZN-043 as well as any potential future product candidates or commercialize, we will need to manufacture large quantities of these product candidates. We may continue to and currently expect to use third parties for our manufacturing needs. Our manufacturing collaborators may be unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any current or potential future product candidate in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If our manufacturing collaborators are unable to successfully scale the manufacture of any current or potential future product candidate in sufficient quality and quantity, the development, testing, clinical trials and commercialization of that product candidate may be delayed or infeasible and regulatory approval or commercial launch of any potential resulting product may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. 
 We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Our current operations are located in the San Francisco Bay Area. Any unplanned event, such as earthquake, flood, fire, explosion, extreme weather condition, medical epidemics, including any potential effects from the current global spread of COVID-19, power shortage, telecommunication failure, cyberattack or other natural or man-made accidents or incidents that result in us being unable to fully utilize our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, particularly on a daily basis and have significant negative consequences on our financial and operating conditions. Loss of access to these facilities may result in increased costs, delays in the development of our product candidates or interruption of its business operations. Natural disasters or pandemics such as the COVID-19 outbreak could further disrupt our operations and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as our research facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our risk management policy, we maintain insurance coverage at levels that we believe are appropriate for our business. However, in the event of an accident or incident at these facilities, we cannot assure its investors that the amounts of insurance will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses. If our facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers are unable to operate because of an accident or incident or for any other reason, even for a short period of time, any or all of our research and development programs may be harmed. Any business interruption may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 55 

Changes in methods of product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in the need to perform new clinical trials, which would require additional costs and cause delay. 
 As product candidates are developed through preclinical to late-stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize yield and manufacturing batch size, minimize costs and achieve consistent quality and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of ongoing, planned or future clinical trials conducted with the altered materials. This could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
 If the market opportunities for our current and potential future product candidates, including SZN-1326, SZN-043 and SZN-413, are smaller than we believe they are, our future product revenues may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 Our understanding of the number of people who suffer from certain types of moderate to severe IBD, severe AH and retinal vascular associated diseases that SZN-1326, SZN-043 and SZN-413, respectively, may be able to treat are based on estimates. These estimates may prove to be incorrect, and new studies may reduce the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients in the United States or elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our current or potential future product candidates or patients may become increasingly difficult to identify and access, all of which would adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition. In particular, the treatable population for our candidates may further be reduced if its estimates of addressable populations are erroneous or sub-populations of patients do not derive benefit from SZN-1326, SZN-043 or SZN-413. 
 Further, there are several factors that could contribute to making the actual number of patients who receive our current or potential future product candidates less than the potentially addressable market. These include the lack of widespread availability of, and limited reimbursement for, new therapies in many underdeveloped markets. 
 We face competition from entities that have developed or may develop product candidates for the treatment of the diseases that we may target, including companies developing novel treatments and therapeutic platforms. If these companies develop therapeutics or product candidates more rapidly than we do, or if their therapeutics or product candidates are more effective or have fewer side effects, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize product candidates may be adversely affected. 
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We face potential competition from many different sources, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, universities and other academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of therapies aimed at treating autoimmune, inflammatory, metabolic, and other diseases, including indications that we are pursuing or may pursue in the future. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with current therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. 
 The key competitive factors affecting the success of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience and price, the level of competition and the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. If any of our product candidates are approved and commercialized, it is likely that we will face increased competition as a result of other companies pursuing development of products to address similar diseases. For SZN-1326, SZN-043 and our earlier stage research programs, we face competition from approved therapies and potential competition from product candidates in development for the indications we are pursuing or may pursue. 
 Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and enrolling subjects for our clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. We could see a reduction or elimination of our commercial opportunity if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we or our collaborators may develop, including if competitors develop a safer and/or more effective Wnt modulation platform. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or foreign regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than us, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we or our collaborators are able to enter the market and materially and adversely impact our business. 
 If we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 
 56 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to protect from fraudulent, illegal or unauthorized transactions. If we cannot provide effective controls and reliable financial reports, our business and operating results could be harmed. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal controls that need improvement. We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In the future, our independent registered public accounting firm may also need to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Even though we implemented measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediated the control deficiencies that led to the material weakness, we cannot assure that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional, material weaknesses. If material weaknesses or control deficiencies occur again in the future, we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Members of our management team have limited experience in managing the day-to-day operations of a public company and, as a result, we may incur additional expenses associated with the management of our company. 
 Members of our management team have limited experience in managing the day-to-day operations of a public company. As a result, we may need to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We also plan to hire additional personnel to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. These compliance costs will make some activities significantly more time-consuming and costly. If we lack cash resources to cover these costs in the future, our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our potential results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 Our NOLs could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities because of their limited duration or because of restrictions under U.S. tax law. NOLs generated in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018 are permitted to be carried forward for only 20 taxable years under applicable U.S. federal income tax law. Under current law, NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020 may not be carried back. Moreover, under current law, NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such NOLs generally will be limited in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 to 80 of current year taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, we had NOLs of approximately 139.4 million and 53.0 million available to reduce future taxable income, if any, for federal and California state income tax purposes, respectively. NOLs generated after 2018 for federal tax reporting purposes of 127.0 million have an indefinite carryforward period. The remaining federal and all state NOLs begin expiring in 2036. 
 In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (as defined under Section 382 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of our stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. We have determined that we likely had an ownership change in September 2020. As a result of the annual limitations caused by the ownership changes, it was estimated that approximately 1.3 million of federal tax credit and 27.4 million of California NOL will expire unutilized for income tax purposes, and such amounts are excluded from the carryforward balances of December 31, 2022. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, and some of which are outside our control. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to reduce future income tax liabilities, including for state tax purposes. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Any inability to attract and retain qualified key management, technical personnel and employees would impair our ability to implement our business plan. 
 Our success largely depends on the continued service of key executive management, advisors and other specialized personnel, including Craig Parker, its President and Chief Executive Officer, Wen-Chen Yeh, our Chief Scientific Officer, and Charles Williams, our Chief Financial Officer. Our senior management may terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our employees. The loss of one or more members of the executive team, management team or other key employees or advisors could delay research and development programs and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 57 

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and clinical personnel and, if we progress the development of any of our product candidates, commercialization, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel, will be critical to our success. The loss of the services of members of senior management or other key employees could impede the achievement of research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing members of senior management and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize our product candidates. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers, as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. Competition to hire from this limited candidate pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist in formulating research and development and commercialization strategies. Our consultants and advisors may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, our ability to pursue its growth strategy will be limited. 
 We may experience difficulties in managing growth and expanding operations. 
 We have limited experience in therapeutic development. As our current and potential future product candidates enter and advance through preclinical studies and any clinical trials, we will need to expand our development, regulatory and manufacturing capabilities or contract with other organizations to provide these capabilities. 
 We may also experience difficulties in the discovery and development of potential future product candidates using its Wnt therapeutics platform if we are unable to meet demand as it grows our operations. In the future, we also expect to have to manage additional relationships with collaborators, suppliers and other organizations. Our ability to manage operations and future growth will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and secure adequate facilities for operational needs. We may not be able to implement improvements to management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. 
 If any of our product candidates is approved for marketing and commercialization in the future and we are unable to develop sales, marketing and distribution capabilities on our own or enter into agreements with third parties to perform these functions on acceptable terms, we will be unable to successfully commercialize any such future products. 
 We currently have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities or experience. We will need to develop internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to commercialize each current and potential future product candidate that gains, if ever, FDA or other regulatory authority approval, which would be expensive and time-consuming, or enter into collaborations with third parties to perform these services. If we decide to market any approved products directly, we will need to commit significant financial and managerial resources to develop a marketing and sales force with technical expertise and supporting distribution, administration and compliance capabilities. If we rely on third parties with such capabilities to market any approved products or decide to co-promote products with third parties, we will need to establish and maintain marketing and distribution arrangements with third parties, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on acceptable terms or at all. In entering into third-party marketing or distribution arrangements, any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of the third parties and we can make no assurances that such third parties will establish adequate sales and distribution capabilities or be successful in gaining market acceptance for any approved product. If we are not successful in commercializing any product approved in the future, either on its own or through third parties, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our international operations may expose us to business, political, operational and financial risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. Some of our suppliers are located outside of the United States and we have conducted, and anticipate conducting additional future, clinical trials, including our Phase 1 trials for SZN-1326 and SZN-043, outside of the United States. Furthermore, if we or any current or future collaborator succeed in developing any products, we anticipate marketing them in the European Union, or EU, and other jurisdictions in addition to the United States. If approved, we or any future collaborator may hire sales representatives and conduct physician and patient association outreach activities outside of the United States. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as those relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 

failure by us to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for the use of our products in various countries; 

rejection or qualification of foreign clinical trial data by the competent authorities of other countries; 

additional potentially relevant third-party patent rights; 

58 

complexities and difficulties in obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

complexities associated with managing multiple payor reimbursement regimes, government payors or patient self-pay systems; 

limits in our ability to penetrate international markets; 

financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

natural disasters, political and economic instability, wars (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine), terrorism, political unrest, outbreak of disease (including the COVID-19 pandemic), boycotts, trade wars and other significant events; 

certain expenses including, among others, expenses for travel, translation and insurance; and 

regulatory and compliance risks that relate to anti-corruption compliance and record-keeping that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its accounting provisions or our anti-bribery provisions or provisions of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in other countries. 

Any of these factors could harm our ongoing international operations and supply chain, as well as any future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to operate in foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates in foreign markets for which we may rely on collaborations with third parties. We will not be permitted to market or promote any product candidate before we receive regulatory approval from the applicable regulatory authority in a foreign market, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any product candidate. To obtain separate regulatory approval in foreign countries, we generally must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials and commercial sales, pricing and distribution of a product candidate, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. If we obtain approval of any current or potential future product candidates and ultimately commercialize any such product candidate in foreign markets, we would be subject to risks and uncertainties, including the burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting and legal requirements and the reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries. 
 Our business entails a significant risk of product liability, and our inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 As we conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials of SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 and other potential future product candidates, we are and will be exposed to significant product liability risks inherent in the development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of these product candidates. Product liability claims could delay or prevent completion of development programs. If we succeed in marketing products, such claims could result in an FDA investigation of the safety and effectiveness of our products, manufacturing processes and facilities or marketing programs and potentially a recall of products or more serious enforcement action, limitations on the approved indications for which they may be used or suspension or withdrawal of approvals. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may also result in decreased demand for our products, injury to our reputation, costs to defend the related litigation, a diversion of management s time and our resources, substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients and a decline in our stock price. Any insurance we have or may obtain may not provide sufficient coverage against potential liabilities. Furthermore, clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we or any current or future collaborators may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses caused by product liability claims that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial collaborators may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial collaborators. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, provide accurate information to the FDA, comply with manufacturing standards We may establish, comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may 
 59 

not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including the imposition of significant criminal, civil and administrative fines or other sanctions, such as monetary penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity obligations, reputational harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 Failure to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. 
 We may collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect and share personal information, health information and other information to develop our products, to operate our business, for clinical trial purposes, for legal and marketing purposes, and for other business-related purposes. 
 We and any potential future collaborators, partners or service providers may be subject to federal, state and foreign data protection laws, regulations and regulatory guidance, the number and scope of which is changing, subject to differing applications and interpretations, and which may be inconsistent among jurisdictions, or in conflict with other rules, laws or contractual obligations. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal health information privacy laws, such as Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of any future potential collaborators or service providers. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, or other privacy and data security laws. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA, or if we otherwise violate applicable privacy and data security laws. 
 International data protection laws, including the EU s General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, may also apply to health-related and other personal information obtained outside of the United States. The GDPR went into effect on May 25, 2018. The GDPR introduced new data protection requirements in the EU, as well as potential fines for noncompliant companies of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of annual global revenue. The regulation imposes numerous requirements for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, including stringent requirements relating to consent and the information that must be shared with data subjects about how their personal information is used, the obligation to notify regulators and affected individuals of personal data breaches, extensive internal privacy governance obligations and obligations to honor expanded rights of individuals in relation to their personal information. 
 In addition, the GDPR includes restrictions on cross-border data transfers. A recent decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union has invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, which was one of the primary mechanisms used by U.S. companies to import personal information from Europe in compliance with the GDPR s cross-border data transfer restrictions, and raised questions about whether the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs, one of the primary alternatives to the Privacy Shield, can lawfully be used for personal information transfers from Europe to the United States or most other countries. Similarly, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner has opined that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield is inadequate for transfers of data from Switzerland to the U.S. The United Kingdom, or UK, whose data protection laws are similar to those of the EU, may similarly determine that the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is not a valid mechanism for lawfully transferring personal information from the UK to the U.S. The European Commission recently proposed updates to the SCCs, and additional regulatory guidance has been released that seeks to impose additional obligations on companies seeking to rely on the SCCs. Given that, at present, there are few, if any, viable alternatives to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the SCCs, any transfers by us or our vendors of personal data from Europe may not comply with European data protection law, which may increase Our exposure to the GDPR s heightened sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions and may prohibit the transfer of EU personal data outside of the EU (including clinical trial data), and may adversely impact Our operations, product development, and ability to provide our products. 
 The GDPR has increased the responsibilities and potential liability in relation to personal data processed subject to the GDPR, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, including as implemented by individual countries. Further, the exit of the UK from the EU, often referred to as Brexit, has created uncertainty with regard to data protection regulation in the UK. The UK now is considered a third country under the GDPR and transfers of European personal data to the UK will, unless the UK is determined by the EU to provide adequate protection for personal data, require an adequacy mechanism to render such transfers lawful under the GDPR following the expiration or termination of a grace period that presently is scheduled to last for four months from January 1, 2021, with a potential additional two-month extension. Aspects of the relationship between the EU and the UK with respect to data protection, including with respect to cross-border data transfers, remain uncertain. Compliance with the GDPR and applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection of EU Member States and the UK will be a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase our cost of doing business or require us to change its business practices, and despite those 
 60 

efforts, there is a risk that We may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with Our European activities. In addition, failure to comply with GDPR and applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection of EU Member States and the UK may result in regulators prohibiting Our processing of the personal information of EU data subjects, which could impact Our operations and ability to develop our products and provide its services, including interrupting or ending EU clinical trials. 
 In addition, states are constantly adopting new laws or amending existing laws, requiring attention to frequently changing regulatory requirements. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, on June 28, 2018, which took effect on January 1, 2020 and has been dubbed the first GDPR-like law in the United States. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used by requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers (as that term is broadly defined and can include any of Our current or future employees who may be California residents) and provide such residents new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches and statutory damages ranging from 100 to 750 per violation, which is expected to increase data breach class action litigation and result in significant exposure to costly legal judgments and settlements. As we expand our operations and trials (both preclinical and clinical), the CCPA may increase compliance costs and potential liability. Some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. In November 2020, California passed the California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA, which amends and expands the CCPA. The CPRA creates obligations relating to consumer data beginning on January 1, 2022, with implementing regulations expected on or before July 1, 2022, and enforcement beginning July 1, 2023. The CPRA has created additional uncertainty and may increase our cost of compliance. Other states are beginning to pass similar laws. 
 Compliance with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in its contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Laws and regulations worldwide relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity are, and are likely to remain, uncertain for the foreseeable future. While we strive to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, external and internal privacy and security policies and contractual obligations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity to the extent possible, we may at times fail to do so, or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our personnel, collaborators, partners or vendors do not comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, external and internal privacy and security policies and contractual obligations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity. Actual or perceived failure to comply with any laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection or cybersecurity in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity and could negatively affect Our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators or service providers obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or breached its contractual obligations, even if We are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend, result in regulatory actions and proceedings, in addition to private claims and litigation, and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 We also are, or may be asserted to be, subject to the terms of our external and internal privacy and security policies, representations, certifications, publications and frameworks and contractual obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection, information security and processing. Failure to comply with any of these, or if any of these policies or any of our representations, certifications, publications or frameworks are, in whole or part, found or perceived to be inaccurate, incomplete, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of its actual practices, could result in reputational harm; result in litigation; cause a material adverse impact to business operations or financial results; and otherwise result in other material harm to our business. 
 We depend on sophisticated information technology systems and data processing to operate our business. If we experience security or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, use of, or destruction of its proprietary or confidential data, employee data or personal data, we may face costs, significant liabilities, harm to its brand and business disruption. 
 We rely on information technology systems and data processing that we or our service providers, collaborators, consultants, contractors or partners operate to collect, process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including a variety of personal data, such as name, mailing address, email addresses, phone number and clinical trial information. Additionally, we, and our service providers, collaborators, consultants, contractors or partners, do or will collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect and share personal information, health information and other information to host or otherwise process some data and that of users, develop our products, to operate our business, for clinical trial purposes, for legal and marketing purposes, and for other business-related purposes. Our internal computer systems and data processing and those of our third-party vendors, consultants, collaborators, contractors or partners, including existing and future CROs may be vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, theft or destruction of intellectual property or other confidential or proprietary information, business interruption or other significant security incidents. As the cyber-threat landscape evolves, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. In addition to traditional computer hackers, threat actors, software bugs, malicious code (such as viruses and worms), employee theft or misuse, denial-of-service attacks 
 61 

(such as credential stuffing), phishing and ransomware attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors now engage in attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions). These risks may increase as a result of COVID-19, owing to an increase in personnel working remotely. 
 There can be no assurance that we, our service providers, collaborators, consultants, contractors or partners will be successful in efforts to detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive data. Any failure by us or our service providers, collaborators, consultants, contractors or partners to detect, prevent, respond to or mitigate security breaches or improper access to, use of, or inappropriate disclosure of any of this information or other confidential or sensitive information, including patients personal data, or the perception that any such failure has occurred, could result in claims, litigation, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, significant liability under state, federal and international law, and other financial, legal or reputational harm to us. Further, such failures or perceived failures could result in liability and a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, which could lead to significant delays or setbacks in research, delays to commercialization of product candidates, lost revenues or other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and cashflow. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing, or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase costs to recover or reproduce the data. 
 Additionally, applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection or cybersecurity, external contractual commitments and internal privacy and security policies may require us to notify relevant stakeholders if there has been a security breach, including affected individuals, business partners and regulators. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or any actual or alleged failure to comply with such requirements could lead to a materially adverse impact on the business, including negative publicity, a loss of confidences in our services or security measures by its business partners or breach of contract claims. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages if we fail to comply with applicable data protection laws, privacy policies or other data protection obligations related to information security or security breaches. 
 If we do not comply with laws regulating the protection of the environment and health and human safety, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our research, development and manufacturing involves the use of hazardous materials and various chemicals. We maintain quantities of various flammable and toxic chemicals in its facilities that are required for research, development and manufacturing activities. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. We believe our procedures for storing, handling and disposing of these materials in its facilities comply with the relevant guidelines of the state of California and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor. Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards mandated by applicable regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. If an accident occurs, we could be held liable for resulting damages, which could be substantial. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of animals and biohazardous materials. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover ourselves for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of these materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Although we have some environmental liability insurance covering certain facilities, we may not maintain adequate insurance for all environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with the storage or disposal of biological or hazardous materials. Additional federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting our operations may be adopted in the future. We may incur substantial costs to comply with, and substantial fines or penalties if we violate, any of these laws or regulations. 
 Our business, operations and clinical development plans and timelines could be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, natural disasters and other events on the manufacturing, clinical trial and other business activities performed by us or by third parties with whom it conducts business, including contract manufacturers, CROs, shippers and others. 
 Health epidemics could cause significant disruption in our operations and the operations of third-party manufacturers, CROs and other third parties upon whom we rely. 
 If relationships with suppliers or other vendors are terminated or scaled back as a result of health epidemics, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative suppliers or vendors or do so on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner. Switching or adding additional suppliers or vendors involves substantial cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new supplier or vendor commences work. As a result, delays may occur, which could adversely impact our ability to meet desired clinical development and any future commercialization timelines. Although we carefully manage relationships with suppliers and vendors, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not harm our business. 
 In addition, our preclinical studies and future clinical trials may be affected by health epidemics. Clinical site initiation, patient enrollment and activities that require visits to clinical sites, including data monitoring, may be delayed due to concerns among patients 
 62 

about participating in clinical trials during a health epidemics. Some patients may have difficulty following certain aspects of clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. These challenges may also increase the costs of completing our clinical trials. Similarly, if we are unable to successfully recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may experience additional restrictions by their institutions, city or state, preclinical studies and future clinical trial operations could be adversely impacted. 
 To the extent we enter into any other collaborations, we may depend on such collaborations for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. If those collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of our product candidates. 
 We may selectively seek additional third-party collaborators for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. Collaborations involving our product candidates, including our collaboration with BI, pose many risks to us, including that: 
 Collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

Collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborator s strategic focus or available funding, or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

Collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

Collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates or products if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

A collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more product candidates or products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such drugs; 

Collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

Collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates; and 

Collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program under such collaboration could be delayed, diminished or terminated. 

Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. 
 If we decide to collaborate with any other third parties in connection with any of our development programs or product candidates, we may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development program or the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our technology and current or future product candidates, or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain protection for our owned and in-licensed intellectual property rights and proprietary technology. We rely on patents and other forms of intellectual property rights, including in-licenses of intellectual property rights and biologic materials of others, to protect current or future discovery platform, product candidates, methods used to manufacture current or future product candidates, and methods for treating patients using current or future product candidates. 
 63 

We own or in-license patents and patent applications relating to its discovery platform and product candidates. There is no guarantee that any patents covering its discovery platform or product candidates will issue from the patent applications we own or in-licenses, or, if they do, that the issued claims will provide adequate protection for our discovery platform or product candidates, or any meaningful competitive advantage. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive, complex and time-consuming. Patent license negotiations also can be complex and protracted, with uncertain results. We may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patents and patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of its research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. The patent applications that our own or in-licenses may fail to result in issued patents, and, even if they do issue as patents, such patents may not cover Our current or future technologies or product candidates in the United States or in other countries or provide sufficient protection from competitors. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and our scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the rights to patents licensed to third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Even if our owned or in-licensed patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. our competitors may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative product candidates in a non-infringing manner. 
 Further, although we make reasonable efforts to ensure patentability of its inventions, we cannot guarantee that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our owned or in-licensed patents and patent applications has been found. For example, publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, and in some cases not at all. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our discovery platform, our product candidates, or the use of its technologies. We thus cannot know with certainty whether we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. There is no assurance that all potentially relevant prior art relating to our owned or in-licensed patent applications has been found. For this reason, and because there is no guarantee that any prior art search is absolutely correct and comprehensive, we may be unaware of prior art that could be used to invalidate an issued patent or to prevent its owned or in-licensed patent applications from issuing as patents. Invalidation of any of our patent rights, including in-licensed patent rights, could materially harm our business. 
 Moreover, the patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies are generally uncertain because they may involve complex legal and factual considerations that have, in recent years, been the subject of legal development and change. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our pending patent rights is uncertain. The standards applied by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always certain and moreover, are not always applied uniformly or predictably. For example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable in patents. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our owned or in-licensed patent applications or narrow the scope of any patent protection it may obtain from its owned or in-licensed patent applications. 
 Even if patents do successfully issue from our owned or in-licensed patent application, and even if such patents cover our current or any future technologies or product candidates, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable. Any successful challenge to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of any current or future technologies or product candidates that it may develop. Likewise, if patent applications we own or have in-licensed with respect to our development programs and current or future technologies or product candidates fail to issue, if their breadth or strength is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity, other companies could be dissuaded from collaborating with us to develop current or future technologies or product candidates. Lack of valid and enforceable patent protection could threaten our ability to commercialize current or future products and could prevent us from maintaining exclusivity with respect to the invention or feature claimed in the patent applications. Any failure to obtain or any loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and ability to achieve profitability. We may be unable to prevent competitors from entering the market with a product that is similar or identical to SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or any future product candidates. 
 The filing of a patent application or the issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its ownership, inventorship, scope, patentability, validity or enforceability. Issued patents and patent applications may be challenged in the courts and in the patent office in the United States and abroad. For example, our patent applications or patent applications filed by our licensors, or any patents that grant therefrom, may be challenged through third-party submissions, opposition or derivation proceedings. By further example, any issued patents that may result from our owned or in-licensed patent applications may be challenged through reexamination, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings before the USPTO, or in declaratory judgment actions or counterclaims. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could prevent the issuance of, reduce the scope of, invalidate or render unenforceable our owned or in-licensed patent rights; result in the loss of exclusivity; limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or 
 64 

identical platforms and product candidates; allow third parties to compete directly with us without payment to us; or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize product candidates without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by any patents that might result from our owned or in-licensed patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future platforms or product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Moreover, future owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications may be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents or patent application, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. We may need the cooperation of any such co-owners to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business prospects and financial condition. 
 Our in-licensed patent rights may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties, such as the U.S. government. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture product candidates embodying such inventions in the United States. Any exercise by the U.S. government of such rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The patent protection and patent prosecution for some of our product candidates may be dependent on third parties. 
 While we normally seek to obtain the right to control prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of the patents relating to our product candidates, there may be times when the filing and prosecution activities for patents and patent applications relating to our product candidates are controlled by our licensors or collaborators. If any of our licensors or collaborators fail to prosecute, maintain and enforce such patents and patent applications in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, including by payment of all applicable fees for patents covering Our product candidates, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or exclusivity with respect to those rights, our ability to develop and commercialize those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing product candidates. In addition, even where we have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications we have licensed to and from third parties, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our licensees, future licensors and their counsel that took place prior to the date upon which we assumed control over patent prosecution. 
 In the future, we may enter into agreements involving licenses or collaborations that provide for access or sharing of intellectual property. If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license, collaboration or other agreements, we may be required to pay damages and could lose intellectual property rights that are necessary for developing and protecting our current and future product candidates. 
 We currently license, and in the future may continue to license, from third parties certain patents and other intellectual property relating to our current and future product candidates. We have certain obligations to our existing licensors, and may owe additional obligations in the future to any additional licensors. If we breach any material obligations, including diligence obligations with respect to development and commercialization of product candidates covered by the intellectual property licensed to us, or uses the licensed intellectual property in an unauthorized manner, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, which could result in us being unable to develop, manufacture, and sell products that are covered by the licensed intellectual property or enable a competitor to gain access to the licensed intellectual property. 
 Disputes may arise between us and our present and future licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the license agreement; 

our right to sublicense patents and other rights to third parties, including the terms and conditions therefor; 

our diligence obligations with respect to the development and commercialization of our product candidates that are covered by the licensed intellectual property, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

our right to transfer or assign the license; and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by any of our licensors and us and our collaborators. 

If disputes over intellectual property that our licenses in the future prevent or impair our ability to maintain its licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 65 

In addition, certain of our future agreements with third parties may limit or delay its ability to consummate certain transactions, may impact the value of those transactions, or may limit our ability to pursue certain activities. For example, we may in the future enter into license agreements that are not assignable or transferable, or that require the licensor s express consent in order for an assignment or transfer to take place. 
 Further, we or our licensors, if any, may fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. Therefore, we may miss potential opportunities to strengthen our patent position. It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope, or requests for patent term adjustments. If we or our licensors fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our licensors are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. If there are material defects in the form, preparation, prosecution, or enforcement of our patents or patent applications, such patents may be invalid and/or unenforceable, and such applications may never result in valid, enforceable patents. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on its business. 
 In addition, even where we have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications under license from third parties, it may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our predecessors or licensors and their counsel that took place prior to it assuming control over patent prosecution. 
 Our technology acquired or licensed currently or in the future from various third parties is or may be subject to retained rights. Our predecessors or licensors do and may retain certain rights under their agreements with us, including the right to use the underlying technology for non-commercial academic and research use, to publish general scientific findings from research related to the technology, and to make customary scientific and scholarly disclosures of information relating to the technology. It is difficult to monitor whether our predecessors or licensors limit their use of the technology to these uses, and we could incur substantial expenses to enforce its rights to licensed technology in the event of misuse. 
 If we are limited in our ability to utilize acquired or licensed technologies, or if we lose our rights to critical in-licensed technology, it may be unable to successfully develop, out-license, market and sell our product candidates, which could prevent or delay new product introductions. Our business strategy depends on the successful development of acquired technologies and licensed technology into commercial product candidates. Therefore, any limitations on its ability to utilize these technologies may impair our ability to develop, out-license or market and sell our product candidates. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license, collaboration or other intellectual property-related agreements, we may be required to pay damages and could lose intellectual property rights that may be necessary for developing, commercializing and protecting our current or future technologies or product candidates or we could lose certain rights to grant sublicenses. 
 We are party to an exclusive license agreement with Stanford University covering patents relevant to one or more product candidates, and may need to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our research and development activities or allow the commercialization of our current and future product candidates we may identify and pursue. The license agreements with Stanford impose, and any future license agreements we enter into are likely to impose, various development, commercialization, funding, milestone, royalty, diligence, sublicensing, insurance, patent prosecution and enforcement or other obligations on us. For a more detailed description of the license agreements with Stanford, see the section titled Business Stanford License Agreements. If we breach any of these obligations, or use the intellectual property licensed to us in an unauthorized manner, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license. License termination could result in our inability to develop, manufacture and sell products that are covered by the licensed technology or could enable a competitor to gain access to the licensed technology. Furthermore, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of patents and patent applications that we license from third parties. In certain circumstances, our licensed patent rights are subject to reimbursing licensors for their patent prosecution and maintenance costs. If our licensors and future licensors fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend patents we may license, or lose rights to licensed patents or patent applications, our licensed rights may be reduced or eliminated. In such circumstances, our right to develop and commercialize any of our products or product candidates that is the subject of such licensed rights could be materially adversely affected. 
 Moreover, our current or future licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that it is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the licensor s intellectual property rights. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of the royalty obligations we would be required to pay on sales of future products if infringement or misappropriation were found, those amounts could be significant. The amount of future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in products that it successfully develops and commercializes, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize products, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 
 66 

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which product candidates, technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our collaborators; and 

the priority of invention of patented technology. 

In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair its ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Patent terms may not be able to protect our competitive position for an adequate period of time with respect to our current or future technologies or product candidates. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available. Even so, the life of a patent and the protection it affords are limited. As a result, our owned and in-licensed patent portfolio provide us with limited rights that may not last for a sufficient period of time to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to us. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generics or biosimilars. For example, given the large amount of time required for the research, development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Extensions of patent term may be available, but there is no guarantee that we would have patents eligible for extension, or that we would succeed in obtaining any particular extension and no guarantee any such extension would confer patent term for a sufficient period of time to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to us. In the United States, depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of product candidates, the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent, which is limited to the approved product or approved indication. In the United States, patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond 14 years from the date of product approval; only one patent may be extended; and extension is available for only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it. The applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to its patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. An extension may not be granted or may be limited where there is, for example, a failure to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failure to apply within applicable deadlines, failure to apply before expiration of relevant patents, or some other failure to satisfy applicable requirements. If this occurs, our competitors may be able to launch their products earlier by taking advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials along with our clinical and preclinical data. This could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to achieve profitability. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law or the patent law of other countries or jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our current or any future technologies or product candidates. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or elsewhere could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. The United States has enacted and implemented wide-ranging patent reform legislation. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law, which could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of any future owned or in-licensed issued patents. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art, may affect patent litigation and switch the U.S. patent system from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. 
 67 

A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 16, 2013, but before we, could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of our even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our product candidates or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our or our licensor s patents or patent applications. The Leahy-Smith Act also allows third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and set forth additional procedures to challenge the validity of a patent by the USPTO administered post grant proceedings, including derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review and interference proceedings. The USPTO developed additional regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and, in particular, the first-to-file provisions, became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. The Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued, owned or in-licensed patents, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition. 
 As referenced above, for example, courts in the U.S. continue to refine the heavily fact-and-circumstance-dependent jurisprudence defining the scope of patent protection available for therapeutics, narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This creates uncertainty about our ability to obtain patents in the future and the value of such patents. In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. The United States has enacted and implemented wide-ranging patent reform legislation. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we might obtain in the future. Similarly, changes in patent law and regulations in other countries or jurisdictions or changes in the governmental bodies that enforce them or changes in how the relevant governmental authority enforces patent laws or regulations may weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we may obtain in the future. For example, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have also increased in recent years. In Europe, a new unitary patent system will likely be introduced by the end of 2023, which would significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system, European applications will soon have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unitary Patent Court, or UPC. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC will have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. 
 Other companies or organizations may challenge our or our licensors patent rights. 
 Third parties may attempt to invalidate our or our licensors intellectual property rights via procedures including but not limited to patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions and inter partes reexamination proceedings before the USPTO, U.S. courts, and foreign patent offices or foreign courts. Even if such rights are not directly challenged, disputes could lead to the weakening of our or our licensors intellectual property rights. Our defense against any attempt by third parties to circumvent or invalidate our intellectual property rights could be costly to us, could require significant time and attention of our management, and could have a material and adverse impact on our profitability, financial condition and prospects or ability to successfully compete. 
 We or our licensors may find it necessary to pursue claims or to initiate lawsuits to protect or enforce our owned or in-licensed patent or other intellectual property rights. The cost to us in defending or initiating any litigation or other proceeding relating to our owned or in-licensed patent or other intellectual property rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, and any litigation or other proceeding would divert our management s attention. Such litigation or proceedings could materially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. Some of our competitors may be able to more effectively to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation because they have substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could delay our research and development efforts and materially limit our ability to continue our operations. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with certain such proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, such announcements could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 If we or our licensors were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates or our technology, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, 
 68 

defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, for example, claiming patent-ineligible subject matter, lack of novelty, indefiniteness, lack of written description, non-enablement, anticipation or obviousness. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution. The outcome of such invalidity and unenforceability claims is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we or our licensors and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we could lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection for one or more of our product candidates or certain aspects of our platform technology. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Patents and other intellectual property rights also will not protect our product candidates and technologies if competitors or third parties design around such product candidates and technologies without legally infringing, misappropriating or violating our owned or in-licensed patents or other intellectual property rights. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, which could negatively impact our business. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on current or future technologies or product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. Competitors or other third parties may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop our own products and, further, may export infringing product candidates to territories where we have patent protection or licenses but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These product candidates may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Additionally, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws in the United States. Many companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in such jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, including certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of any owned and in-licensed patents we may obtain in other countries, or the marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our owned or in-licensed intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and could divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Such proceedings could also put any owned or in-licensed patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our owned or in-licensed patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against our or out licensors. We or our licensors may not prevail in any lawsuits or other adversarial proceedings that we or our licensors initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, we and our licensors efforts to enforce such intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or in-licenses. 
 Further, many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of its patents. If we or any of our licensors are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position in the relevant jurisdiction may be impaired and our business prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse impact on the success of our business. 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, upon our ability or the ability of our potential future collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our current or any future product candidates and to use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or violating the proprietary and intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions and inter partes reexamination proceedings before the USPTO, U.S. courts, foreign patent offices or foreign courts. As the field of antibody-based therapeutics matures, patent applications are being processed by national patent offices around the world. There is uncertainty about which patents will issue, and, if they do, there is uncertainty as to when, to whom, and with what claims. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time consuming and could: 
 result in costly litigation that may cause negative publicity; 

divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 

cause development delays; 

prevent us from commercializing any of our product candidates until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; 

require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis; 

69 

subject us to significant liability to third parties; or 

require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or which might be non-exclusive, which could result in its competitors gaining access to the same technology. 

Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are pursuing development candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that we may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may also be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our technology or product candidates may infringe. Further, we cannot guarantee that we are aware of all of patents and patent applications potentially relevant to our technology or products. We may not be aware of potentially relevant third-party patents or applications for several reasons. For example, U.S. applications filed before November 29, 2000, and certain U.S. applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the U.S. remain confidential until a patent issues. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our product candidates or platform technologies could have been filed by others without its knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover its platform, our product candidates or the use of our technologies. 
 Although no third party has asserted a claim of patent infringement against us as of the date hereof, others may hold proprietary rights that could prevent our product candidates from being marketed. We or our licensors, or any future strategic collaborator, may be party to, or be threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our current or any potential future product candidates and technologies, including derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings before the USPTO and similar proceedings in jurisdictions outside of the United States such as opposition proceedings. In some instances, we may be required to indemnify its licensors for the costs associated with any such adversarial proceedings or litigation. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us, our licensors or our strategic collaborators based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. There is a risk that third parties may choose to engage in litigation or other adversarial proceedings with us, our licensors or our strategic collaborators to enforce or otherwise assert their patent rights. Even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that these third-party patents are valid, enforceable and infringed, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to utilize our discovery platform or to commercialize our current or any future product candidates. In order to successfully challenge the validity of any such U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity by presenting clear and convincing evidence of invalidity. There is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction, even if presented with evidence we believe to be clear and convincing, would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. 
 Further, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such adversarial proceedings or litigation. If we are unable to successfully settle future claims on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to engage in or to continue costly, unpredictable and time-consuming litigation and may be prevented from or experience substantial delays in marketing our product candidates. If we, or our licensors, or any future strategic collaborators are found to infringe, misappropriate or violate a third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, We could be required to pay damages, including treble damages and attorney s fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed. In addition, we, or our licensors, or any future strategic collaborators may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from a third party, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Even if a license can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us, and we could be required to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. Parties making claims against we may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block its ability to further develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease utilizing, developing, manufacturing and commercializing our discovery platform or product candidates deemed to be infringing. We may be forced to redesign current or future technologies or products. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue or achieve profitability and possibly prevent us from generating revenue sufficient to sustain our operations. 
 Thus, it is possible that one or more third parties will hold patent rights to which we will need a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. If such third parties refuse to grant us a license to such patent rights on reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, product candidates or the methods for manufacturing our product candidates, or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be commercially or technically feasible. In such case, we may not be able to market such technology or product candidates and may not be able to perform research and development or other activities covered by these patents. This could have a material adverse effect on our ability to commercialize our product candidates and our business and financial condition. 
 Intellectual property litigation may lead to unfavorable publicity that harms our reputation and causes the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 70 

During the course of any intellectual property litigation, there could be public announcements of the initiation of the litigation as well as results of hearings, rulings on motions, and other interim proceedings or developments in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the perceived value of our existing product candidates, approved products, programs or intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of shares of our common stock may decline. Such announcements could also harm our reputation or the market for our future products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Intellectual property rights of third parties could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our current or future technologies or product candidates, and we might be required to litigate or obtain licenses from third parties to develop or market our current or future technologies or product candidates, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Because the antibody landscape is still evolving, it is difficult to conclusively assess our freedom to operate without infringing, misappropriating or violating third-party rights. There are numerous companies that have pending patent applications and issued patents broadly covering antibodies generally or covering portions of antibodies that may be relevant for product candidates that we wish to develop. We are aware of third party patents and patent applications that claim aspects of our current or potential future product candidates and modifications that we may need to apply to our current or potential future product candidates. In particular, we are aware of granted patents that cover certain aspects of the SZN-1326 product candidate and pending patent applications that could result in patents that cover aspects of the SZN-043 product candidate. There are also many issued patents that claim antibodies or portions of antibodies that may be relevant to products we wish to develop. The holders of such patents and patent applications may be able to block or delay our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidates, including SZN-1326 and SZN-043, unless we obtain a license or until such patent expires. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or it may be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. 
 Our competitive position may materially suffer if patents issued to third parties or other third-party intellectual property rights cover our current or future technologies product candidates or elements thereof or our manufacture or uses relevant to our development plans. In such cases, we may not be in a position to develop or commercialize current or future technologies, product candidates unless we successfully pursues litigation to narrow or invalidate the third-party intellectual property right concerned, or enter into a license agreement with the intellectual property right holder, if available on commercially reasonable terms. There may be issued patents of which we are not aware, held by third parties that, if found to be valid and enforceable, could be alleged to be infringed by our current or future technologies or product candidates. There also may be pending patent applications of which we are not aware that may result in issued patents, which could be alleged to be infringed by our current or future technologies or product candidates. If such an infringement claim should successfully be brought, we may be required to pay substantial damages or be forced to abandon our current or future technologies or product candidates or to seek a license from any patent holders. No assurances can be given that a license will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 Third-party intellectual property right holders may also actively bring infringement, misappropriation, or other claims alleging violations of intellectual property rights against us. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such claims. If we are unable to successfully settle future claims on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to engage in or to continue costly, unpredictable and time-consuming litigation and may be prevented from or experience substantial delays in marketing our product candidates. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our current or future technologies or product candidates that are held to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign current or future technologies or product candidates so that we no longer infringes, misappropriate or violate the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
 If, in the future, we develop trade secrets and are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patent protection for certain aspects of our current or future technologies and product candidates, we may in the future consider trade secrets, including confidential and unpatented know-how, to be important to the maintenance of its competitive position. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. If we develop trade secrets, we plan to protect trade secrets and confidential and unpatented know-how, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to such knowledge, such as its employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract research organizations, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants under which they are obligated to maintain confidentiality and to assign their inventions to it. However, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties, and cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Moreover, individuals with whom we have such agreements may not comply with their terms. Any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for any such breaches. We may also become involved in inventorship disputes relating to inventions and patents developed by our employees or 
 71 

consultants under such agreements. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret, or securing title to an employee- or consultant-developed invention if a dispute arises, is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions disfavor or are unwilling to protect trade secrets. Further, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent that competitor from using the technology or information to compete with it. If, in the future, any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, its competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of our employees or consultants former employers or their clients. 
 Many of our employees or consultants and our licensors employees or consultants were previously employed at universities or biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject to claims that one or more of these employees or consultants or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of former employers. Litigation or arbitration may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, it may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel or may be enjoined from using such intellectual property. Any such proceedings and possible aftermath would likely divert significant resources from its core business, including distracting our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could limit our ability to commercialize, or prevent it from commercializing, our current or future technologies or product candidates, which could materially harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against any such claims, litigation or arbitration could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we or our licensors may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or our or our licensors ownership of our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, it may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our product candidates. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Because our development programs may in the future require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license, or use these third-party proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our product candidates. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that We may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow it to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, it may have to abandon development of the relevant program or product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other government fees on patents or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our owned and in-licensed patents or applications and any patent rights it may own or in-license in the future. The USPTO and various non-U.S. patent offices require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help it comply with these requirements, and we are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our in-licensed intellectual property. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the 
 72 

market with similar or identical product candidates or platforms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and financial condition. 
 Some intellectual property that we have in-licensed may have been discovered through government funded programs and thus may be subject to federal regulations such as march-in rights, certain reporting requirements and a preference for U.S.-based companies. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive rights and limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. manufacturers. 
 Intellectual property rights we have licensed were generated through the use of U.S. government funding and are therefore subject to certain federal regulations. As a result, the U.S. government may have certain rights to intellectual property embodied in our current or future product candidates pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, or Bayh-Dole Act, and implementing regulations. These U.S. government rights in certain inventions developed under a government-funded program include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government has the right to require us or our licensors to grant exclusive, partially exclusive, or non-exclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third party if we determine that: (i) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (ii) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (iii) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations (also referred to as march-in rights ). The U.S. government also has the right to take title to these inventions if we, or the applicable licensor, fails to disclose the invention to the government and fails to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. These time limits have recently been changed by regulation, and may change in the future. Intellectual property generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us or the applicable licensor to expend substantial resources. In addition, the U.S. government requires that any products embodying the subject invention or produced through the use of the subject invention be manufactured substantially in the United States. The manufacturing preference requirement can be waived if the owner of the intellectual property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible. This preference for U.S. manufacturers may limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. product manufacturers for products covered by such intellectual property. To the extent any of our current or future intellectual property is generated through the use of U.S. government funding, the provisions of the Bayh-Dole Act may similarly apply. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we use for name recognition by potential collaborators or customers in our markets of interest. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, it may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our business. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect its business. The following examples are illustrative: 
 others may be able to make antibodies or portions of antibodies or formulations that are similar to our product candidates, but that are not covered by the claims of any patents that we own, license or control; 

we or any strategic collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own license or control; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our owned and in-licensed inventions; 

others may independently develop the same, similar, or alternative technologies without infringing, misappropriating or violating our owned or in-licensed intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our owned or in-licensed pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we own, in-licenses, or controls may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be narrowed or held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the United States and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and may then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

73 

we may choose not to file a patent application in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent application covering such trade secrets or know-how; and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 Clinical development includes a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, we may have negative results and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 
 Our product candidates SZN-1326 and SZN-043 have begun clinical development and their risk of failure is high. It is impossible to predict when or if our candidates or any potential future product candidates will prove effective in humans or will receive regulatory approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any product candidate, we must complete preclinical studies and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency, or efficacy of that product candidate in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain, particularly in light of recent observations relating to clinical trials for SZN-1326 and SZN-043. Failure can occur at any time during the development process. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials of any of our current or potential future product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. We initiated first-in-human trials of SZN-1326 and SZN-043 in the third quarter of 2022. We have experienced (as described above), and may further experience, delays in initiating or completing our clinical studies. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will be completed on schedule or at all, or whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned, will enroll patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. Our development programs may be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: 
 unfavorable findings or observations that cause us to pause or modify our clinical trials, as we have done to some degree with SZN-1326 and SZN-043; 

the FDA or other regulatory authorities requiring additional data or imposing other requirements before permitting initiation of a clinical trial; 

obtaining regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial; 

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

obtaining institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee, or EC, approval at each clinical trial site; 

recruiting suitable patients to participate in a clinical trial; 

having patients complete a clinical trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical trial sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

adding new clinical trial sites; or 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials. 

Furthermore, we expect to rely on CROs, collaborators such as BI and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials and, while we expect to enter into agreements governing their committed activities, we may have limited influence over their actual performance. 

We could encounter delays if prescribing physicians encounter unresolved ethical issues associated with enrolling patients in clinical trials of current or potential future product candidates in lieu of prescribing existing treatments that have established safety and efficacy profiles. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, our collaborators, the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, the Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug or therapeutic biologic, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of any of our current or potential future product candidates, the commercial prospects of such product candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue from such product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. Any of these occurrences may materially and adversely affect our business, 
 74 

financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our current or potential future product candidates. 
 We may be unable to obtain U.S. or foreign regulatory approval and, as a result, be unable to commercialize SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or potential future product candidates. 
 SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 and any potential future product candidates are subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to, among other things, research, testing, development, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, approval, recordkeeping, reporting, labeling, storage, packaging, advertising and promotion, pricing, marketing and distribution of therapeutic biologics. Rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory approval process are required to be successfully completed in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions before a new drug or therapeutic biologic can be marketed. Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time-consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. It is possible that none of the product candidates we may develop will obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for us or our potential future collaborators to begin selling them. 
 We have limited experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. The time required to obtain FDA and other approvals is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, depending upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate. The standards that the FDA and its foreign counterparts use when regulating us require judgment and can change, which makes it difficult to predict with certainty how they will be applied. Any analysis we perform of data from preclinical and clinical activities is subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory authorities, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. We may also encounter unexpected delays or increased costs due to new government regulations, for example, from future legislation or administrative action, or from changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review in the United States and other jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict whether legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA or foreign regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. 
 Any delay or failure in obtaining required approvals could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue from the particular product candidate for which we are seeking approval. Further, we and our potential future collaborators may never receive approval to market and commercialize any product candidate. Even if we or a potential future collaborator obtain regulatory approval, the approval may be for targets, disease indications or patient populations that are not as broad as it intended or desired or may require labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings. We or a potential future collaborator may be subject to post-marketing testing requirements to maintain regulatory approval. If any of our product candidates prove to be ineffective, unsafe or commercially unviable, we may have to re-engineer the product candidates, and our entire pipeline could have little, if any, value, which could require us to change our focus and approach to drug discovery and therapeutic development, which would have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We will also be subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. The foreign regulatory approval process varies among countries and may include all of the risks associated with FDA approval described above as well as risks attributable to the satisfaction of local regulations in foreign jurisdictions. Moreover, the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that it will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 If we succeed in developing any products, we intend to market them in the United States as well as the European Union and other foreign jurisdictions. In order to market and sell our products in other jurisdictions, we must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that it will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA or EMA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing, and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
 Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties, and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we or any partner we work with fails to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or fails to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced, and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 75 

We have conducted certain of our clinical trials for our product candidates outside of the United States. However, the FDA and other foreign equivalents may not accept data from such trials, in which case its development plans will be delayed, which could materially harm its business. 
 We have conducted and may further conduct clinical trials for our product candidates outside the United States. For example, we have conducted Phase 1 trials of SZN-1326 and SZN-043 in Australia and New Zealand. Although the FDA may accept data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States, acceptance of these data is subject to certain conditions imposed by the FDA. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) those data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the studies were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and (iii) the data are considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. Additionally, the FDA s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. For studies that are conducted only at sites outside of the United States and not subject to an IND, the FDA requires the clinical trial to have been conducted in accordance with GCPs, and the FDA must be able to validate the data from the clinical trial through an on-site inspection if it deems such inspection necessary. For such studies not subject to an IND, the FDA generally does not provide advance comments on the clinical protocols for the studies, and therefore there is an additional potential risk that the FDA could determine that the study design or protocol for a non-U.S. clinical trial was inadequate, which could require us to conduct additional clinical trials. There can be no assurance the FDA will accept data from clinical trials conducted outside of the United States. If the FDA does not accept data from our clinical trials of our product candidates, it would likely result in the need for additional clinical trials, which would be costly and time consuming and delay or permanently halt our development of our product candidates. 
 Many foreign regulatory bodies have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any similar foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any similar foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of Our business plan, and which may result in our product candidates not receiving approval or clearance for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction or permanently halt our development of our product candidates. 
 Conducting clinical trials outside the United States also exposes us to additional risks, including risks associated with: 
 additional foreign regulatory requirements; 

foreign exchange fluctuations; 

compliance with foreign manufacturing, customs, shipment and storage requirements; 

cultural differences in medical practice and clinical research; and 

diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our current or potential future product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our current or potential future product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we or our current or potential future collaborators obtain for SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or any potential future product candidate may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which a product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of such product candidate. In addition, if the FDA or any other regulatory authority approves SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or any of our future product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, import, export, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for such product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMP and good clinical practices for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product candidate, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product candidate, withdrawal of the product candidate from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

76 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or our strategic collaborators; 

suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

Furthermore, the FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. While physicians may prescribe, in their independent professional medical judgment, products for off-label uses as the FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of drug treatments, the FDA does restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. Companies may only share truthful and non-misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s FDA approved labeling. The FDA and other authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability including, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion of off-label use and has enjoined companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA and other regulatory authorities have also required that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. 
 Occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 
 Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the ACA, was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Among the provisions of the ACA, of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the following: 
 an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents apportioned among these entities according to their market share in some government healthcare programs; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively, and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price, or AMP; 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (and 70 as of January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending; and 

77 

implementation of the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act. 

There have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any additional future challenges or the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and will remain in effect through 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers. Additionally, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products. For example, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (i) directs the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, and subject drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price for such drugs and biologics under the law, and (ii) imposes rebates with respect to certain drugs and biologics covered under Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. 
 At the state level, individual states are increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional health care authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other health care programs. These measures could reduce the ultimate demand for our products, once approved, or put pressure on our product pricing. 
 We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our current or future product candidates or additional pricing pressures. 
 If we or our existing or potential future collaborators, manufacturers or service providers fail to comply with healthcare laws and regulations, we or they could be subject to enforcement actions, which could affect our ability to develop, market and sell our product candidates and may harm our reputation. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors, among others, will play a primary role in the prescription and recommendation of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, providers and customers, among others, may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our product candidates for which it obtains marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations in the United States and other countries, include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, a person or entity from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, paying, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward 

78 

either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease order, arranging for or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute can form the basis for a violation of the federal False Claims Act (discussed below); 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, including the federal False Claims Act, which provides for civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, that impose penalties against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a referral made in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 

HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published in January 2013, which impose obligations on certain covered entity healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their business associates and covered subcontractors that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, and require notification to affected individuals and regulatory authorities of certain breaches of security of individually identifiable health information; 

the federal false statements statute, which prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; 

the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Sunshine Act under the Affordable Care Act, require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to transfers of value made to physicians (currently defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests of such physicians and their immediate family members; and 

analogous local, state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to healthcare items or services reimbursed by third party payors, including private insurers; local, state and foreign transparency laws that require manufacturers to report information related to payments and transfers of value to other healthcare providers and healthcare entities, marketing expenditures, or drug pricing; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to register certain employees engaged in marketing activities in the location and comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Ensuring that our future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare reporting, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and other laws and regulations could involve substantial costs. If our operations are found to be in violation of any such requirements, we may be subject to penalties, including criminal and significant civil monetary penalties, damages, fines, individual imprisonment, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, integrity obligations, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, additional reporting requirements and oversight if subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for an alleged or suspected violation could cause it to incur significant legal expenses and could divert its management s attention from the operation of its business, even if our defense is successful. In addition, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be costly to us in terms of money, time and resources. 
 79 

If we fail to comply with U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements, regulatory authorities could limit or withdraw any marketing or commercialization approvals we may receive and subject us to other penalties that could materially harm its business. 
 Even if we receive marketing and commercialization approval of a product candidate, we will be subject to continuing regulatory requirements, including in relation to adverse patient experiences with the product and clinical results that are reported after a product is made commercially available, both in the United States and any foreign jurisdiction in which it seeks regulatory approval. The FDA and other regulatory authorities have significant post-market authority, including the authority to require labeling changes based on new safety information and to require post-market studies or clinical trials to evaluate safety risks related to the use of a product or to require withdrawal of the product candidate from the market. The FDA and other regulatory authorities also have the authority to require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or a REMS, after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on the distribution or use of an approved drug or therapeutic biologic. The manufacturer and manufacturing facilities we use to make a future product, if any, will also be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including for continued compliance with cGMP requirements. The discovery of any new or previously unknown problems with our third-party manufacturers, manufacturing processes or facilities may result in restrictions on the product candidate, manufacturer or facility, including withdrawal of the product candidate from the market. We intend to rely on third-party manufacturers and will not have control over compliance with applicable rules and regulations by such manufacturers. Any product promotion and advertising will also be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. If we or any of our existing or future collaborators, manufacturers or service providers fails to comply with applicable continuing regulatory requirements in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions in which we seek to market our products, it or they may be subject to, among other things, fines, warning letters, holds on clinical trials, delay of approval or refusal by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval, product recalls and seizures, administrative detention of products, refusal to permit the import or export of products, operating restrictions, injunction, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 Even if we are able to commercialize any product candidate, such product candidate may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which would harm our business. 
 Our ability to commercialize any products successfully will depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from third-party payors, such as government authorities, private health insurers and health maintenance organizations. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private health insurers are critical to new product acceptance. Patients are unlikely to use our future products, if any, unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost. 
 Cost-containment is a priority in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere. As a result, government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Third-party payors also may request additional clinical evidence beyond the data required to obtain marketing approval, requiring a company to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our product. Commercial third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products in the U.S. can differ significantly from payor to payor. We cannot be sure that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be available for any product that it commercializes and, if reimbursement is available, that the level of reimbursement will be adequate. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or are available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which it obtains marketing approval. 
 Additionally, the regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drugs and therapeutic biologics vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug or therapeutic biologic before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay its commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenues it is able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup its investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain regulatory approval. Further, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws with respect to our operations and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm its business. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and possibly other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money 
 80 

laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, third-party intermediaries, joint venture partners and collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. We interact with officials and employees of government agencies and government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. In addition, we may engage third-party intermediaries to promote our clinical research activities abroad or to obtain necessary permits, licenses and other regulatory approvals. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, its employees, representatives, contractors, collaborators, and agents, even if it does not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. 
 Noncompliance with anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas, investigations or other enforcement actions are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense and compliance costs and other professional fees. In certain cases, enforcement authorities may even cause us to appoint an independent compliance monitor which can result in added costs and administrative burdens. 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new product candidates and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact its business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new product candidates can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times, and certain regulatory authorities, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Shares 
 Our stock price may be volatile and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
 Our stock price is likely to be volatile. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the initial public offering price. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the other risks described in this section of the Report titled Risk Factors and the following: 
 our ability, or the ability of our business partners, to advance SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or potential future product candidates into the clinic; 

results of preclinical studies for SZN-1326, SZN-043, SZN-413 or potential future product candidates, or those of our competitors or current and potential future collaborators; 

the impact of health epidemic on our business; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations applicable to our future products; 

the success of competitive products or technologies; 

introductions and announcements of new products by us, our future commercialization collaborators, or our competitors, and the timing of these introductions or announcements; 

actions taken by regulatory authorities with respect to our future products, clinical trials, manufacturing process or sales and marketing terms; 

actual or anticipated variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

81 

the success of our efforts to acquire or in-license additional technologies, products or product candidates; 

developments concerning any future collaborations, including, but not limited to, those with our sources of manufacturing supply and our commercialization collaborators; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our products; 

our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

actual or anticipated changes in earnings estimates or changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding our common stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally; 

our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to the market; 

fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

announcement and expectation of additional financing efforts; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

the concentrated ownership of our common stock; 

changes in accounting principles; 

terrorist acts, acts of war or periods of widespread civil unrest; 

natural disasters, public health crises and other calamities; and 

general economic, industry and market conditions. 

In addition, the stock markets in general, and the markets for pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology stocks in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has been often unrelated to the operating performance of the issuer. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. 
 Because our management will have flexibility in allocating our cash, you may not agree with how we use them and the cash may not be invested successfully. 
 We currently expect to use our current cash to fund the development of SZN-1326 and SZN-043 through the resumption and continuation of first in human trials and to fund our other ongoing research and discovery programs, as well as for working capital and other general corporate purposes. We may also use a portion of our cash to in-license, acquire or invest in complementary businesses, technologies, products or assets. However, other than our CLA with BI, we have no current commitments or obligations to do so. Therefore, our management will have flexibility in allocating our cash. Accordingly, you will be relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the allocation of our cash, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the cash is being allocated appropriately. It is possible that the cash will be invested in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for our company. 
 We may issue additional shares of Common Stock or other equity securities without your approval, including pursuant to our employee stock plans, our agreement with Lincoln Park and our agreement with Guggenheim, and holders of warrants and options may choose to exercise their warrants and options requiring us to issue shares of Common Stock; all of these actions would dilute your ownership interest and may depress the market price of our Common Stock. 
 Significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including further development of our Wnt therapeutics platform, preparing IND or equivalent filings, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, commercialization efforts, expanded research and development activities and costs associated with operating a public company. To raise capital, we may sell 
 82 

common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock, including shares of common stock sold in this offering. 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had Warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 5,907,478 shares of Common Stock and options outstanding which are or will be exercisable into 5,301,567 shares of Common Stock. In addition, pursuant to the 2021 Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, we may issue an aggregate of up to 5,234,901 shares of Common Stock for awards granted under the 2021 Plan to our employees, directors and consultants. Additionally, on January 1 of each year continuing through and including January 1, 2031, the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan and the ESPP will automatically increase by 5 and 1 , respectively, of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors. Unless our board of directors elects not to increase the number of shares available for future grant each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We may also issue additional shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions or repayment of outstanding indebtedness, without stockholder approval, in a number of circumstances. The issuance of additional shares or other equity securities of equal or senior rank would have the following effects: 
 existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; 

the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease; 

the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding Common Stock may be diminished; and 

the market price of the Common Stock may decline. 

A few stockholders, including one of our directors, may control the voting rights with respect to a large number of shares of our common stock. They could exercise their voting power in a manner that adversely affects the Company or our stockholders. 
 As of March 1, 2023, our officers and directors control 35.4 percent of our common stock, of which The Column Group (managed by one of our directors, Tim Kutzkey) controls 31.1 percent of our common stock. Acting together, they could significantly influence any matter requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combinations. Furthermore, The Regents of the University of California controls 6.9 of our common stock, SymBiosis II, LLC controls 6.5 of our common stock and BML Investment Partners, L.P. controls 5.5 of our common stock. Combined, all of the foregoing stockholders control over 50 of our common stock, and acting together, they could determine the outcome of any matter requiring approval by a majority of stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combinations. The interests of this group may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders and may cause, prevent or delay a change in control. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because many investors perceive disadvantages to owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. 
 Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of our company or a change in our management. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. These provisions include: 
 a prohibition on actions by our stockholders by written consent; 

a requirement that special meetings of stockholders, which our company is not obligated to call more than once per calendar year, be called only by the chairman of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, or our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 

advance notice requirements for election to our board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; 

83 

division of our board of directors into three classes, serving staggered terms of three years each; and 

the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine. 

Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. These provisions would apply even if the proposed merger or acquisition could be considered beneficial by some stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America, will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America, will be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative claim or cause of action brought on our behalf; 

any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 

any claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; 

claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; 

any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and 

any claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or any claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The enforceability of similar exclusive federal forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and while the Delaware Supreme Court and certain other state courts have ruled that this type of exclusive federal forum provision is facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts would enforce such provisions and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. If any other court of competent jurisdiction were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, the Bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 we will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the 

84 

best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 

we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 

we will be required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification; 

we will not be obligated pursuant to our Bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification; 

the rights conferred in the Bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 

we may not retroactively amend our Bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 Our Common Stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq. To maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other requirements including, without limitation, a requirement that our closing bid price be at least 1.00 per share. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; or 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because Common Stock and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, they are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state, other than the State of Idaho, having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our securities. 
 On January 4, 2023, we received a written notice from Nasdaq notifying us that on January 3, 2023, the average closing price of our common stock over the prior 30 consecutive trading days had fallen below 1.00 per share, which is the minimum average closing price required to maintain listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), or the Minimum Bid Requirement. We have 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement, or the Grace Period, subject to a potential 180 calendar day extension, as described below. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock must be at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days within the Grace Period. If we do not achieve compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement by July 3, 2023, the end of the Grace Period, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period to regain compliance. To qualify, we would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for the market value of our publicly held shares and all other Nasdaq initial listing standards, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and would need to provide written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. However, if it appears to Nasdaq staff that we will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if we do not meet the other listing standards, Nasdaq could provide notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting. 
 Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of the securities and would impair your ability to sell or purchase the securities when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our securities to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, prevent our securities from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum share price requirement or prevent future 
 85 

non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. Additionally, if our securities are not listed on, or become delisted from, Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established or sustained. 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company as well as a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.235 billion or more during such fiscal year (as indexed for inflation), (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in the prior three-year period or (iv) December 31, 2025. Investors may find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period and, therefore, we may not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 
 Additionally, we qualify as a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (ii) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares of Common Stock are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Shares of our Common Stock that are currently restricted from immediate resale may be sold into the market in the near future. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of Common Stock. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of Common Stock and Public Warrants. 
 To the extent our Warrants are exercised, additional shares of Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders of Common Stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales, or the potential sales, of substantial numbers of shares in the public market by the selling securityholders, subject to certain restrictions on transfer until the termination of applicable lock-up periods, could increase the volatility of the market price of Common Stock or adversely affect the market price of Common Stock. 
 There is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 
 The exercise price for the Warrants is 11.50 per share of Common Stock. There is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money prior to their expiration, and as such, the Warrants may expire worthless. 
 We may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Public Warrants could be increased, the 
 86 

exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 
 Our Public Warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as the warrant agent, and us, dated as of November 18, 2020, or the Warrant Agreement. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the Public Warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant. 
 We may redeem unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to holders, thereby making such Public Warrants worthless. 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 18 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants could force you (a) to exercise your Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (b) to sell your Public Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Public Warrants or (c) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Public Warrants. 
 In addition, we may redeem your Public Warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Common Stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the Public Warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case, you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of our Common Stock had your Public Warrants remained outstanding. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our principal executive offices are located in South San Francisco, California, pursuant to a lease that expires in 2025. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our ongoing needs and, if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to or aware of any proceedings that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 87 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our Common Stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq under the symbols SRZN and SRZNW , respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, Consonance s Class A ordinary shares, units and warrants were listed on Nasdaq under the symbols CHFW, CHFW.U and CHFW.W, respectively. 
 Holders 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were 73 holders of record of our shares of Common Stock and 26 holders of record of our Public Warrants. These amounts do not include stockholders for whom shares are held in street name by banks, brokers and other nominees. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The information required by this item regarding our equity compensation plans is hereby incorporated by reference from Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters-Equity Compensation Plan Information of this Report. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying, any cash dividends on any of our capital stock. We do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future, and we currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business, to finance the growth and development of our business and for future repayment of debt. 
 
 Future determinations as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our operating results, financial condition, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by this Report other than those previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to shares of our common stock and warrants purchased by the Company during each of the three fiscal months in our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 

Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 

November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 

December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 

6,692,995 

0.4 

Total 

6,692,995 

0.4 

(1) On December 12, 2022, Surrozen, Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with entities affiliated with Consonance Capital Management LP, collectively the Consonance Entities. Pursuant to the agreement, on December 15, 2022, we repurchased an aggregate of 5,382,499 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate 1,310,496 shares of our common stock from the Consonance Entities for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 2.7 million. The shares of common stock were returned to authorized and unissued status and the warrants were cancelled. Following the repurchase, the Consonance Entities no longer hold any shares of Surrozen common stock or warrants to purchase Surrozen common stock. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 88 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Report. This discussion includes both historical information and forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the sections titled Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the terms Surrozen, we, us, or our refer to Surrozen Operating, Inc., or Legacy Surrozen, prior to its Business Combination with Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp. and Surrozen, Inc., formerly known as Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp., together with its consolidated subsidiaries after giving effect to the Business Combination. 
 Overview 
 We are discovering and developing biologic drug candidates to selectively modulate the Wnt pathway, a critical mediator of tissue repair, in a broad range of organs and tissues, for human diseases. Building upon the seminal work of our founders and scientific advisors who discovered the Wnt gene and key regulators of the Wnt pathway, we have made breakthrough discoveries that we believe will overcome previous limitations in harnessing the potential of Wnt biology. These breakthroughs enable us to rapidly and flexibly design tissue-targeted therapeutics that modulate Wnt signaling. As a result of our discoveries, we are pioneering the selective activation of Wnt signaling, designing and engineering Wnt pathway mimetics, and advancing tissue-selective Wnt candidates. 
 
 Our lead product candidates are multi-specific, antibody-based therapeutics that mimic the roles of naturally occurring Wnt or R-spondin proteins, which are involved in activation and enhancement of the Wnt pathway, respectively. Given Wnt signaling is essential in tissue maintenance and regeneration throughout the body, we have the potential to target a wide variety of severe diseases, including certain diseases that afflict the intestine, liver, retina, cornea, lung, kidney, cochlea, skin, pancreas and central nervous system. In each of these areas, we believe our approach has the potential to change the treatment paradigm for the disease and substantially impact patient outcomes. 
 
 Our strategy is to exploit the full potential of Wnt signaling by identifying disease states responsive to Wnt modulation, design tissue-selective therapeutics, and advance candidates into clinical development in targeted indications with high unmet need. Our unique approach and platform technologies have led to the discovery and advancement of two lead product candidates. 
 
 We initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial in the second quarter of 2022 for SZN-1326, our candidate in development for moderate to severe inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD, with ulcerative colitis, or UC, as our first proposed indication. SZN-1326, a Fzd5 targeted bi-specific antibody, is the first development candidate designed using Surrozen s SWAP technology and targets the Wnt-signaling pathway in the intestinal epithelium. In preclinical animal models of acute and chronic colitis, SZN-1326 has been shown to transiently activate Wnt signaling in the diseased intestine, stimulate intestinal epithelial regeneration, reduce inflammation and reduce disease activity. 
 
 In November 2022, we announced that we voluntarily paused enrollment in the single ascending dose, or SAD, portion of our Phase 1 clinical trial evaluating SZN-1326 in healthy volunteers. Following the evaluation of the clinical data and further preclinical work, we will be re-initiating the Phase 1a clinical trial in healthy volunteers by mid-2023 based on the minimum anticipated biologically effective level (MABEL) and anticipate safety data by the end of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in ulcerative colitis patients in 2024 and expect proof of concept data to be potentially available in the second half of 2024. 
 
 We initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial in the second quarter of 2022 for SZN-043, our candidate in development for severe alcoholic hepatitis, or AH. SZN-043, a hepatocyte-specific R-spondin mimetic bispecific fusion protein targeting ASGR1, is the first development candidate using Surrozen s SWEETS technology which is designed to mimic the regenerative properties of the protein R-Spondin by enhancing Wnt signaling in a cell-targeted manner. In multiple preclinical animal models of liver injury and fibrosis, SZN-043 has been shown to selectively activate Wnt signaling in the liver, stimulate transient hepatocyte proliferation, improve liver function and reduce fibrosis. We completed enrollment in the second cohort of the SZN-043 Phase 1a single ascending dose clinical trial in healthy volunteers in 2022. We opened enrollment for the Phase 1a clinical trial in chronic liver disease and enrolled the first patient in the first quarter of 2023. We anticipate initiating a Phase 1b clinical trial in 2024 in patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis with proof of concept data expected to be potentially available in the second half of 2024. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we nominated SZN-413, a Fzd4 targeted bi-specific antibody, as a development candidate for the treatment of retinal vascular associated diseases. Fzd4 mediated Wnt signaling is known to play a critical role in retinal vascular integrity and function. Data generated in preclinical models of retinopathy demonstrated SZN-413 stimulated Wnt signaling and was able to induce normal retinal vessel regrowth while suppressing pathological vessel growth. In October 2022, we executed a Collaboration and Licensing Agreement, or CLA, with Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, or BI, to research, develop and commercialize Fzd4 
 89 

bi-specific antibodies designed using our SWAP technology, including SZN-413. We anticipate the potential to identify the lead Fzd-4-targeted Wnt agonist product candidate by the end of 2023, which would trigger a 10.0 million milestone payment. 
 The chart below represents a summary of our wholly owned product candidates: 
 
 By leveraging our scientific capabilities and approach, we have identified multiple potential tissue types to explore. In our most advanced research programs, we are developing potential therapeutics for ocular diseases such as age-related macular degeneration, or AMD, and diabetic retinopathy. Genetic studies in the literature have identified that the Wnt signaling pathway is critical for maintenance of healthy retinal blood vessels. We have shown that activation of Wnt-pathway signaling can potentially reverse vascular damage through a mechanism that is distinct from the mechanisms of currently approved therapeutics that target angiogenesis. We also have identified the potential for regeneration of retinal pigment epithelium, or RPE, an important cell type in the retina. RPE cells are required for maintenance and viability of photoreceptors and as such are a potential target for the treatment of dry AMD. We are also assessing the potential to drive tissue repair in diseases resulting in tissue injury to organs including lacrimal gland and cornea. The chart below represents a summary of our wholly-owned research programs: 

On December 12, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with entities affiliated with Consonance Capital Management LP, collectively the Consonance Entities. Pursuant to the agreement, we repurchased and cancelled 5.4 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1.3 million shares of common stock from the Consonance Entities for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 2.7 million. Following the repurchase, the Consonance Entities no longer hold any shares of common stock or warrants. 
 
 In January 2023, we implemented a restructuring plan approved by the Board of Directors to reduce our overall workforce by approximately 25 . We expect to substantially complete the workforce reduction by the end of first quarter of 2023 and estimate to incur one-time restructuring charges of approximately 1.2 million, including employee severance, benefits and related costs. 
 Since our inception in 2015, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, developing and optimizing our Wnt therapeutics platform, identifying potential product candidates, undertaking research and development activities, engaging in strategic transactions, establishing and enhancing our intellectual property portfolio, and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We have incurred net losses since inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 36.0 million and 54.6 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 178.7 million and cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 75.8 million. 
 We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and expect to incur increased expenses as we expand our pipeline and advance our product candidates through clinical development and regulatory submissions. Specifically, in the near term we expect to incur substantial expenses relating to our Phase 1 clinical trials, the development and validation of our manufacturing processes, and other research and development activities. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 Inflation has increased and is expected to continue to increase for the near future. Inflation generally affects us by increasing our labor costs, research and clinical trial costs. While we do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations during the periods presented, it may result in increased costs in the foreseeable future and adversely affect our 
 90 

business and financial condition. In addition, inflation may cause us to experience greater uncertainty in general economic conditions and additional volatility in the market price of our common stock, which are already subject to the effects of rising interest rates and the ongoing war in Ukraine. If these conditions worsen or do not improve, our ability to raise capital and our shareholders' ability to sell their shares will be adversely affected. 
 
 Intellectual Property and Licensing Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio consisted of over 20 pending patent application families, including 15 families that have entered national phase in the United States and other countries, three families with pending Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, applications, which have also been filed in certain non-PCT countries (e.g., Taiwan), and five families with pending U.S. provisional applications. These patent applications are directed to, for example, the SWAP and SWEETS platforms, the parental constructs of our two lead product candidate molecules, SZN-043 and SZN-1326, the recently out-licensed SZN-413, as well as methods of treating disorders of the liver, intestine, retina, cornea, lacrimal gland, and kidney. 
 
 In October 2022, we executed the CLA with Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, or BI, to research, develop and commercialize Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies designed using the Company s SWAP technology, including SZN-413, as described in Note 7 of the footnotes to the financial statements of this Report. We and BI are conducting partnership research focused on SZN-413 during a one-year period, which BI has the right to extend by up to six months. We granted BI an exclusive, royalty-bearing, worldwide, sublicensable license, under our applicable patents and know-how, to develop, manufacture and commercialize, for all uses, one lead and two back-up Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies selected by BI and their derivatives. After an initial period of joint research, BI shall be responsible for all further research, preclinical and clinical development, manufacturing, regulatory approvals, and commercialization of licensed products at its expense. For five years after the effective date of the CLA, we are prohibited from preclinically and clinically developing or commercializing Fzd4 bi-specific antibodies for any diseases of the eye, and BI is prohibited from clinically developing or commercializing licensed products for any purpose other than diseases of the eye. 
 
 We also have entered into patent and research license arrangements with third-parties, as described in Note 8 of the footnotes to the financial statements of this Report. The license agreements require milestone payments upon the achievement of certain regulatory and developmental stages. In addition, we will be required to pay royalties on sales of certain licensed products. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred nominal fees and milestone payments under our license agreements. Upon the achievement of further regulatory and developmental milestones and the sale of licensed products, we may incur significant fees and royalties under these licenses. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Collaboration and License Revenue 
 We had not generated any revenue prior to the execution of the CLA in October 2022. Under the terms of the CLA, BI paid a non-refundable upfront payment of 12.5 million less applicable withholding tax, and we are eligible to receive success-based milestone payments up to 587.0 million and mid-single digit to low-double digit royalties on net sales of the licensed products should any reach commercialization. We received 10.5 million of the upfront payment from BI in November 2022 and expect to receive the refund of the associated withholding tax of 2.0 million in 2023. The non-refundable upfront payment of 12.5 million was recognized as collaboration and license revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of our products unless and until we obtain regulatory clearance or approval. 
 Operating Expenses 
 We classify operating expenses into two main categories: (i) research and development expenses and (ii) general and administrative expenses. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Since our inception, we have focused significant resources on our research and development activities. Our research and development expenses consist of external and internal expenses incurred in connection with our research activities and development programs. 
 External expenses include: 
 costs incurred under agreements with third parties, including CROs and other third parties conducting research and development activities on our behalf; 

costs of outside consultants, including their fees, stock-based compensation and related travel expenses; 

91 

costs of laboratory supplies and acquiring, developing and manufacturing drug candidate materials; and 

license and sublicense costs under our license agreements made for intellectual property used in research and development activities. 

Internal expenses include: 
 personnel-related costs, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation for individuals involved in our research and product development activities; and 

facilities, depreciation, and other allocated costs, which include rent and insurance. 

We track external expenses that are directly attributable to our clinical development candidates. We allocate internal expenses to our clinical development candidates on a program-specific basis. The internal expenses for early-stage research and discovery programs are not allocated as our internal resources, employees and infrastructure are typically deployed across multiple programs. As such, we do not provide financial information regarding the costs incurred for early-stage research and discovery programs on a program-specific basis. 
 
 We expect that our research and development expenses will increase for the foreseeable future as we identify and develop product candidates, in particular as we seek to continue clinical trials and pursue regulatory approval and commercialization for SZN-1326 and SZN-043. 
 
 The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the nature, timing or costs required to complete the remaining development of SZN-1326, SZN-043 or any future product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of product candidates, many of which are outside of our control, including those associated with: 
 our ability, and the ability of our primary business partners, to hire and retain key personnel; 

the timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; 

the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 

our ability to maintain our current research and development programs and to establish new ones; 

establishing an appropriate safety profile with IND-enabling studies; 

the number of sites and patients included in the clinical trials; 

the countries in which the clinical trials are conducted; 

per patient trial costs; 

successful patient enrollment in, and the initiation of, clinical trials, as well as drop out or discontinuation rates, particularly in light of the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the availability of alternate treatments and the limited pool of eligible patients in certain disease areas; 

the successful completion of clinical trials with safety, tolerability and efficacy profiles that are satisfactory to the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority; 

the number of trials required for regulatory approval; 

the timing, receipt and terms of any regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

our ability to establish new licensing or collaboration arrangements; 

the performance of our current and future business partners, if any; 

establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers; 

significant and changing government regulation and regulatory guidance; 

the impact of any business interruptions to our operations or to those of the third parties with whom we work, particularly in light of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the current COVID-19 pandemic environment; 

the impact of inflation on our expenses; 

launching commercial sales of our drug candidates, if approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

92 

the effect of products that may compete with our product candidates or other market developments; and 

maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of the drug candidates following approval. 

Any changes in the outcome of any of these variables could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of our drug candidates. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for personnel in executive, finance, human resources, business and corporate development, legal, information technology and other administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal, audit, tax and other consulting fees, investor relations services, insurance costs, and facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, and costs associated with compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. 
 We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase for the foreseeable future to support our continued research and development activities and to reflect increased costs of operating as a public company. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of the gain on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities and the transaction costs allocated to the warrant liabilities assumed in the Business Combination occurred in August 2021. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes results of operations for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Collaboration and license revenue 

12,500 

12,500 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

37,013 

40,177 

(3,164) 

-8 

General and administrative 

19,826 

14,214 

5,612 

39 

Total operating expenses 

56,839 

54,391 

2,448 

5 

Loss from operations 

(44,339) 

(54,391) 

10,052 

-18 

Interest income 

781 

72 

709 

Other income (expense), net 

7,554 

(329) 

7,883 

Net loss 

(36,004) 

(54,648) 

18,644 

-34 

Percentage is not meaningful 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table summarizes research and development expenses for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

SZN-1326 

8,827 

14,483 

(5,656) 

-39 

SZN-043 

11,702 

11,271 

431 

4 

Discovery and preclinical stage programs 

16,484 

14,423 

2,061 

14 

Total research and development expenses 

37,013 

40,177 

(3,164) 

-8 

The decrease of 5.7 million, or 39 , in SZN-1326 program expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the completion of manufacturing drug substance. The increase of 0.4 million, or 4 , in 
 93 

SZN-043 program expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the decrease in the government grant from the National Institute of Health awarded in September 2020. The increase of 2.1 million, or 14 in discovery and preclinical stage program expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the increase in personnel-related expenses as a result of a higher headcount. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 The increase of 5.6 million, or 39 , in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily attributable to a 3.7 million increase in personnel-related expenses, including a 1.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, due to an increase in headcount, a 1.1 million increase in facility-related costs and other expenses including rent and insurance and a 0.5 million increase in information technology costs to support our growth and operations as a public company. 
 Interest Income 
 The increase of 0.7 million in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is due to the increase in interest rates on our money market funds and marketable securities. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The increase of 7.9 million in other income (expense), net, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily attributable to a 7.8 million increase in gain on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities and a 0.4 million decrease in expense related to the warrant liabilities issued in connection with the Business Combination consummated in August 2011, offset by a 0.3 million increase in expenses related to the commitment shares issued to Lincoln Park under the Equity Purchase Agreement in February 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since inception, we have only generated collaboration and license revenue under the CLA with BI. We incurred significant net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations. Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through the sales of our equity securities and the payment received under our collaboration and license agreement. We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future because of additional costs and expenses related to our research and development activities, including increased expenses from pipeline advancement and advancement of our product candidates into and through clinical developments and associated regulatory submissions, and increased general and administrative expenses as we scale our organization as a public company. 
 We entered into a purchase agreement and a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park in February 2022, pursuant to which Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase up to 50.0 million of our common stock from time to time at our sole discretion over a 36-month period commencing on April 27, 2022. To date we have not sold any shares of common stock under the purchase agreement. 
 We executed the CLA in October 2022 and received 10.5 million of the non-refundable upfront payment from BI in November 2022. The associated withholding tax of 2.0 million is expected to be refunded to us in 2023. In addition, we will be eligible to receive success-based milestone payments up to 587.0 million plus mid-single digit to low-double digit royalties on net sales of the licensed products. 
 We entered into an at-the-market sales agreement with Guggenheim Securities, LLC, in connection with a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed in December 2022, under which we may issue and sell up to 23.0 million of our common stock. To date we have not sold any shares of common stock under the sales agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 75.8 million and accumulated deficit of 178.7 million. We believe, based on our current operating plan, that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of this Report. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully secure sources of financing and ultimately achieve profitable operations. Insufficient liquidity may require us to relinquish rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose. 
 Funding Requirements 
 To date, we have only generated revenue from our partnership with BI in connection with the CLA executed in October 2022. We have not generated and do not expect to generate any revenue from sales of our products unless and until we obtain regulatory approval and commercialize one of our product candidates, and we do not know when, or if, that will occur. We will continue to require substantial additional capital to develop our products candidates and fund operations for the foreseeable future. Since our inception in 2015, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, developing and optimizing our Wnt therapeutics platform, identifying potential product candidates, undertaking research and 
 94 

development activities, engaging in strategic transactions, establishing and enhancing our intellectual property portfolio, and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We expect our expenses to continue to increase in connection with our ongoing activities as we continue to advance our product candidates through clinical development and regulatory approval. In addition, we will continue to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 We expect that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will provide the capital needed to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of this Report. We expect that in the long-term we will need to raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including government grants, potential collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions as we do not expect sales of common stock to Lincoln Park or under the at-the-market offering with Guggenheim and revenue derived from the CLA to be sufficient to provide all necessary financing until we are able to generate revenue on our own. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available to us at all or on attractive terms when needed from these sources. If we are unable to obtain additional funding from these or other sources when needed, it may be necessary to significantly reduce expenses through reductions in staff and delaying, scaling back operations, or stopping certain research and development programs. 
 We have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect and we may use all our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the scope, rate of progress, results and costs of researching and developing our lead product candidates or any future product candidates, conducting preclinical and clinical studies, in particular our current ongoing clinical studies of SZN-1326 and SZN-043; 

the outcome, costs, and timing involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our lead product candidates or our other product candidates; 

the achievement of milestones that trigger payments to us and the timing, receipt and amount of royalties under the CLA and any collaboration and license agreement we may enter in the future; 

the number and scope of clinical programs we decide to pursue; 

the cost of acquiring, licensing, or investing in product candidates and technologies; 

the costs associated with securing and establishing commercialization; 

our ability to maintain, expand, and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense, and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights; 

our need and ability to retain key management and hire scientific, technical, business, and medical personnel; 

the effect of competing products and product candidates and other market developments; 

the timing, receipt, and amount of sales from SZN-1326, SZN-043 and any other product candidates, if approved; 

our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; 

the economic and other terms, timing of, and success of any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements which we may enter in the future; and 

the effects of the disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the U.S. and worldwide from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic. 

In addition, any future financing through sales of equity securities, including sales of common stock to Lincoln Park and under the at-the-market offering with Guggenheim, will cause our stockholders to experience dilution. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants that restrict our operations including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, make certain investments, and engage in certain merger, consolidation, or asset sale transactions. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce, or terminate some or all of our development programs and clinical trials. We may also be required to sell or license to others our rights to any of our current or future product candidates or discovery programs in certain territories or indications that we would prefer to develop and commercialize ourselves. 
 95 

Summary of Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash for the periods presented below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(44,145) 

(48,813) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

38,309 

(77,708) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(2,565) 

124,630 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(8,401) 

(1,891) 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activities of 44.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the use of funds in our operations and the resulting net loss of 36.0 million and a net change of 8.4 million in our net operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by 0.3 million in non-cash charges. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable and a net decrease in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities. 
 Cash used in operating activities of 48.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the use of funds in our operations and the resulting net loss of 54.6 million and a net change of 0.2 million in our net operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by 6.0 million in non-cash charges. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a net increase in prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities. 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities of 38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of 68.6 million of proceeds from the maturities of marketable securities, partially offset by 29.6 million of cash used for the purchase of marketable securities and 0.8 million of cash used for the purchase of property and equipment. 
 Cash used in investing activities of 77.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of 91.7 million of cash used for the purchase of marketable securities and 1.3 million of cash used for the purchase of property and equipment, partially offset by 15.3 million of proceeds from the sale and maturities of marketable securities. 
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities of 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of 2.7 million of cash used for the repurchase of common stock and warrants, partially offset by 0.1 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan. 
 Cash provided by financing activities of 124.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of 124.2 million of net proceeds from the Business Combination and PIPE Financing and 0.4 million of proceeds from the exercise of options. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have lease obligations primarily consisting of one operating lease for our facility. The lease expires in April 2025. Under the terms of our operating leases, we had lease obligations consisting of 6.2 million in payments through 2025 as of December 31, 2022. 
 We are party to license or subscription agreements pursuant to which we have in-licensed various intellectual property rights. The license agreements obligate us to make certain milestone payments related to achievement of specified events, as well as royalties in the low single-digit percentages based on sales of licensed products. The payment obligations under the license agreements are contingent upon future events, such as our achievement of specified milestones or generating product sales. As of December 31, 2022, we were unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of achieving these milestones or generating future product sales. 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with third-party vendors for preclinical research studies, clinical trials, research supplies, manufacturing and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice, and may or may not include cancellation fees. Given that the amount and timing related to such payments are uncertain, they are not considered to be contractual obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had not accrued for any termination or cancellation charges as these were not considered probable. In February 2023, we cancelled certain studies with our contract manufacturing organization and incurred a cancellation fee equal to 50 of the contract price of the studies plus any raw materials and handling fees that have been incurred. 
 96 

Critical Accounting Policies, Significant Judgments and Use of Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report, we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for the arrangement that is within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract with the customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that we will collect the consideration that we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services transferred to the customer. 
 At contract inception, we assess the goods or services promised within the contract, determine those that are performance obligations, and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then recognize revenue for the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligations when or as the performance obligations are satisfied. We constrain the estimate of the transaction price up to the amount (the variable consideration constraint) that a significant reversal of recognized revenue is not probable. 
 We record accounts receivable for amounts billed to the customer for which we have an unconditional right to consideration. We assess accounts receivable for impairment and, to date, no impairment losses have been recorded. 
 Licenses of Intellectual Property: If the license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenue from non-refundable upfront fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promised goods or services, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable upfront fees. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. 
 Milestone Payments: At contract inception, we use the most likely amount method to evaluate whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price. If it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within our or the licensee's control, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received or the underlying activity has been completed. The transaction price is then allocated to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, for which we recognize revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, we re-evaluate the probability of achievement of such development milestones and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjust the estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment. 
 Royalties: We recognize sales-based royalties as revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalties that have been allocated have been satisfied (or partially satisfied). 
 
 The incremental costs of obtaining a customer contract are expensed as and when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that would have been recognized is one year or less. 
 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs consist of external and internal expenses directly attributable to the conduct of research and development programs. The external expenses include the costs of services provided 
 97 

by outside contractors, clinical research organizations and contract manufacturing organizations. The internal expenses include the costs of salaries, bonus, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation, employee benefits, materials, supplies, depreciation on and maintenance of research equipment, and the facility costs for laboratory space used for research and development activities, such as rent, utilities, insurance, repairs and maintenance, depreciation, and general support services. 
 We have entered into and may continue to enter into license agreements to access and utilize certain technology. In each case, we evaluate if the license agreement results in the acquisition of an asset or a business. To date, none of our license agreements has been considered an acquisition of a business. For asset acquisitions, the upfront payments to acquire such licenses, as well as any future milestone payments made before product approval that do not meet the definition of a derivative, are immediately recognized as research and development expense when they are paid or become payable, provided there is no alternative future use of the rights in other research and development projects. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expense 
 We record accruals for estimated costs of research, preclinical, clinical and manufacturing development, within accrued expenses which are significant components of research and development expenses. A substantial portion of our ongoing research and development activities is conducted by third-party service providers. We accrue the costs under agreements with these third parties as incurred. We estimate the amounts incurred in each period based on the information available and our knowledge of the nature of the contractual activities generating such costs. Clinical trial contract expenses are accrued based on units of activity. Payments made to third parties under these arrangements in advance of the performance of the related services are recorded as prepaid expenses until the services are rendered. 
 If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we adjust accrued expenses or prepaid expenses accordingly, which impacts research and development expenses. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 We account for all outstanding warrants as liabilities and record at fair value. At the end of each reporting period, changes in fair value during the period are recognized in other income (expense), net within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair values of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were determined based on the listed trading price of Public Warrants. The fair value of the PIPE Warrants was initially recorded using a binomial lattice model in 2021. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the PIPE Warrants was the expected volatility. The expected volatility was implied from the market price of the Public Warrants. A binomial lattice model methodology was also used in estimating the fair value of the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available, using the same expected volatility as was used in measuring the fair value of the PIPE Warrants. Given the adequate history of the market data of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the PIPE Warrants were remeasured at December 31, 2022 and 2021 based on the listed trading price of the Public Warrants. We will continue to adjust the warrant liabilities for changes in the fair value until the earlier of a) the exercise or expiration of the warrants or b) the redemption of the warrants, at which time such warrants will be reclassified to additional paid-in capital. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 We recognize stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based awards. Stock-based compensation costs are estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the equity and recognized as expense, net of actual forfeitures when occur, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 We calculate the fair value of options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the use of various highly subjective assumptions as follows: 
 Fair Value of Common Stock See the subsection titled Common Stock Valuations below. 

Expected Term We have opted to use the simplified method for estimating the expected term of options, whereby the expected term equals the arithmetic average of the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of contractual term of the option (generally ten years). The expected term for nonemployee awards is calculated based on the remaining contractual life to measure the remaining life of an award. 

Expected Volatility Due to our limited operating history and a lack of sufficient company-specific historical and implied volatility data, we have based our estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies that are publicly traded. The comparable companies were chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty. The historical volatility data was computed using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards. We will 

98 

continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock becomes available. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issued in effect at the time of grant with maturities similar to the expected term of our options. 

Expected Dividend Yield We have not issued any dividends in our history and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock over the life of the options and therefore have estimated the dividend yield to be zero. 

We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected volatility, expected terms and interest rates utilized for our stock-based compensation expense calculations on a prospective basis. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation expense was 4.5 million and 2.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had 9.9 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation costs, which we expect to recognize over an estimated weighted-average period of 2.5 years. We expect to continue to grant options and other stock-based awards in the future, and to the extent that we do, our stock-based compensation expense recognized in future periods will likely increase. 
 Common Stock Valuations 
 Given the absence of a public trading market of our common stock prior to the Business Combination, and in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, or the Practice Aid, our board of directors exercised reasonable judgment and considered numerous and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of fair value of our common stock prior to the Business Combination, including, but not limited to: 
 relevant precedent transactions involving our capital stock; 

contemporaneous valuations performed by third-party specialists; 

rights, preferences, and privileges of our redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to those of our common stock; 

actual operating and financial performance; 

current business conditions and financial projections; 

likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering or a sale of our business; 

the lack of marketability of our common stock, and the illiquidity of stock-based awards involving securities in a private company; 

market multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies; 

stage of development; 

industry information such as market size and growth; and 

U.S. and global capital and macroeconomic conditions. 

The Practice Aid identifies various available methods for allocating enterprise value across classes and series of capital stock to determine the estimated fair value of common stock at each valuation date. In accordance with the Practice Aid, we considered the following methods: 
 Option Pricing Method, or OPM. Under the OPM, shares are valued by creating a series of call options with exercise prices based on the liquidation preferences and conversion terms of each equity class. The estimated fair values of the preferred and common stock are inferred by analyzing these options. This method is appropriate to use when the range of possible future outcomes is so difficult to predict that estimates would be highly speculative, and dissolution or liquidation is not imminent. 

Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method, or PWERM . The PWERM is a scenario-based analysis that estimates value per share based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns, considering each of the possible outcomes available to us, as well as the economic and control rights of each share class. 

For valuations performed beginning in 2021, prior to the Business Combination, in accordance with the Practice Aid, we used a hybrid approach of the OPM and the PWERM methods to determine the estimated fair value of our common stock as a result of the increasing likelihood of the occurrence of certain discrete events, such as a potential initial public offering, improving market conditions and receptivity of the market to initial public offerings. The enterprise value determined under the OPM and PWERM methods was weighted according to our board of directors estimate of the probability of the occurrence of a certain discrete event as of the valuation date. The 
 99 

resulting equity value for the common stock was then divided by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the date of the valuation to derive a per share value on a non-marketable basis. In order to determine the fair value of our common stock on a marketable basis, we then applied a discount for lack of marketability which we derived based on inputs including a company-specific volatility rate, a term equal to the expected time to a future liquidity event and a risk-free rate equal to the yield on treasuries of similar duration. 
 Application of these approaches involves the use of estimates, judgment and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding our expected future revenue, expenses, cash flows, discount rates, market multiples, the selection of comparable companies and the probability of future events. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions, or the relationships between those assumptions, impact our valuations as of each valuation date and may have a material impact on the valuation of common stock. The assumptions underlying these valuations represent our management s best estimate, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and we use significantly different assumptions or estimates, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different. 
 Following the closing of the Business Combination, the fair value of our common stock has been determined based on the quoted market price of our common stock. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts more likely than not to be realized. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of our recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits is not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a full valuation allowance. 
 We assess all material positions taken in any income tax return, including all significant uncertain positions, in all tax years that are still subject to assessment or challenge by relevant taxing authorities. Assessing an uncertain tax position begins with the initial determination of the position s sustainability and is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of each balance sheet date, unresolved uncertain tax positions must be reassessed, and we will determine whether (i) the factors underlying the sustainability assertion have changed and (ii) the amount of the recognized tax benefit is still appropriate. The recognition and measurement of tax benefits requires significant judgment. Judgments concerning the recognition and measurement of a tax benefit might change as new information becomes available. Our unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not have an impact on our effective tax rate assuming we continue to maintain a full valuation allowance position. We do not expect our unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. 
 Federal and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, or NOLs, in the event of an ownership change for tax purposes, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. We completed an assessment of the available NOLs under Section 382 and determined that we underwent an ownership change in September 2020 and as a result, NOLs attributable to the pre-ownership change are subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result of the annual limitations caused by the ownership change, it was estimated that approximately 1.3 million of federal tax credit and 27.4 million of California NOL will expire unutilized for income tax purposes, and such amounts are excluded from the carryforward balances of December 31, 2022. 
 Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense or benefit. To date, there have been no interest or penalties charged in relation to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, or EGC, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act permits companies with EGC status to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards, delaying the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period to enable us to comply with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date the Company (i) is no longer an EGC or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting standards as of public company effective dates. 
 
 In addition, we intend to rely on the other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an EGC, we intend to rely on such exemptions, we are not required to, among other things: (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the 
 100 

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 
 
 We will remain an EGC under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) of 2025, (b) the year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) the year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer; or (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Report for more information about recent accounting pronouncements, the timing of their adoption and our assessment, to the extent they have been made, of their potential impact on our financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 
 
 101 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

SURROZEN, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 103 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 104 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 105 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 106 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 107 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 108 

102 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Surrozen, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Surrozen, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 
 103 

SURROZEN, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Short-term marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Long-term marketable securities 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, noncurrent portion 

Warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6 and Note 14) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 104 

SURROZEN, INC. 
 Consolidate d Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Collaboration and license revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 105 

SURROZEN, INC. 
 Consolidated State ments of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 

Additional 

Accumulated other 

Total 

Common stock 

paid-in 

comprehensive 

Accumulated 

stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

loss 

deficit 

equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020, after effect of Business Combination 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon Business Combination and PIPE Financing, net of transaction costs and warrant liabilities 

Exercises of stock options 

Reclassification to liability for early exercised stock options 

() 

() 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Repurchase of early exercised stock options 

() 

Restricted stock granted 

Restricted stock forfeited 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under Equity Purchase Agreement 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Repurchase of early exercised stock options 

() 

Repurchase and cancellation of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 106 

SURROZEN, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash F lows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities: 

Net loss 
 
 () 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Amortization of premium on marketable securities, net 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

Other expense related to the commitment shares issued to Lincoln Park 

Transaction costs allocated to warrants in connection with Business Combination 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 () 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 () 

() 

Other assets 
 
 () 

() 

Accounts payable 
 
 () 

Accrued and other liabilities 
 
 () 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 () 

() 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 () 

() 

Purchases of marketable securities 
 
 () 

() 

Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon Business Combination and PIPE Financing, net of transaction costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon employee stock plan purchases 

Repurchase and cancellation of common stock 
 
 () 

Repurchase of warrants 
 
 () 

Repurchase of early exercised stock options 
 
 () 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 
 () 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 () 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock into common stock 

Assumption of warrant liabilities in Business Combination 

Transaction costs in Business Combination included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Vesting of early exercises of stock options 

Reclassification to liability for early exercised stock options 

Increase in right-of-use assets and lease liabilities due to lease extension 

The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the Company s consolidated balance sheets: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 107 
 
 SURROZEN, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 million a nd million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used million and million of cash in operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of million and an accumulated deficit of approximately million . The Company expects operating expenses to continue to increase in connection with its ongoing clinical studies and anticipates the need to raise additional capital to continue to execute its long-range business plan. Management believes that the existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are sufficient for the Company to continue operating activities for at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of its consolidated financial statements. However, if the Company s anticipated cash burn is greater than anticipated, the Company could use its capital resources sooner than expected which may result in the need to reduce future planned expenditures and/or raise additional capital to continue to fund the operations. 

estimates and assumptions made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, certain accruals for research and development activities, the fair value of common stock prior to the Business Combination, initial fair value of the PIPE Warrants and stock-based compensation expense. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other market-specific and relevant assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

million of restricted cash in the form of a letter of credit for the Company s facility lease. The restricted cash is classified as a noncurrent asset as the Company is required to maintain the letter of credit for the benefit of the landlord until the end of the lease term in April 2025. 

Asset 
 
 Estimated useful life 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 
 - 

Lab equipment 

When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is recognized in the period realized. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 

Private Placement Warrants were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 as a result of the repurchase of million warrants in December 2022 (see Note 9). The Company will continue to adjust the warrant liabilities pertaining to the outstanding warrants for changes in the fair value until the earlier of a) the exercise or expiration of the warrants or b) the redemption of the warrants, at which time such warrants will be reclassified to additional paid-in capital. 
 Licenses of Intellectual Property: If the license to the Company s intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, the Company recognizes revenue from non-refundable upfront fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promised goods or services, the Company utilizes judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable upfront fees. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. Milestone Payments: At contract inception, the Company using the most likely amount method evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price. If it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the control of the Company or the licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received or the underlying activity has been completed. The transaction price is then allocated to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, for which the Company recognizes revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, the Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of such development milestones and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment. Royalties: The Company recognizes sales-based royalties as revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalties that have been allocated have been satisfied (or partially satisfied). The incremental costs of obtaining a customer contract are expensed as and when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that would have been recognized is one year or less. 
 
 estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, its understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. 

position for the periods presented, basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share as the effects of the potentially dilutive securities are antidilutive. 

Unvested restricted stock 

Unvested common stock subject to repurchase 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Total 

million units, each consisting of one share of the Company s common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant, for a purchase price of per unit through a private investment in public entity financing, or PIPE Financing. In connection with the Business Combination and PIPE Financing, Legacy Surrozen received the aggregate cash consideration of million, after deducting the transaction fees incurred by Consonance. The cash consideration was comprised of million in proceeds from issuance of common stock upon the closing of the Business Combination and million in proceeds from the PIPE Financing. The Company incurred transaction costs of million, consisting of legal, accounting and other professional services directly related to the Business Combination, million of which were allocated to the warrant liabilities assumed and recognized as other expenses when incurred. The remaining million were recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet. Legacy Surrozen was deemed the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination and the Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization based on the following predominant factors: Legacy Surrozen s stockholders have the greatest voting interest in the Company; 

 The Company s board and senior management are primarily composed of individuals associated with Legacy Surrozen; and 

 Legacy Surrozen is the larger entity based on historical operating activity and has the larger employee base at the time of the Business Combination. 

 Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the reverse recapitalization was treated as the equivalent of Legacy Surrozen issuing stock for the net assets of Consonance, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Consonance are stated at historical cost, with goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Pursuant to the business combination agreement, upon the closing of the Business Combination, (i) each share of redeemable convertible preferred stock of Legacy Surrozen (on an as converted to common stock basis) and each share of common stock of Legacy Surrozen, whether vested or unvested, was converted into shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) each outstanding option to purchase common stock of Legacy Surrozen was converted into an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock based on an exchange ratio of , or the Exchange Ratio, with corresponding adjustments to the exercise price. All issued and outstanding common stock, preferred stock and stock awards of Legacy Surrozen and corresponding capital amounts contained in the consolidated financial statements for the periods presented prior to the closing of the Business Combination have been retroactively restated to reflect the conversion. 

Commercial paper 

Corporate bonds 

Government bonds 

Government agency debt securities (1) 

Total financial assets measured at fair value 

Liabilities (2) : 

Public Warrants 

PIPE Warrants 

Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 

As of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Money market funds (1) 

Commercial paper 

Corporate bonds 

Government bonds 

Foreign bonds 

Total financial assets measured at fair value 

Liabilities (2) : 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

PIPE Warrants 

Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 

(1) 

 (2) 

Corporate bonds, commercial paper, foreign bonds, government bonds and government agency debt securities are classified as Level 2 as they were valued based upon quoted market prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets. The Public Warrants are classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. The Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 2 due to the use of observable market data for identical or similar liabilities. The fair value of each Private Placement Warrant was determined to be consistent with that of a Public Warrant because the Private Warrants are also subject to the make-whole redemption feature, which allows the Company to redeem both types of warrants on similar terms when the stock price is in the range of to per share. The PIPE Warrants were initially recorded in 2021 at fair value using a binomial lattice model. The PIPE Warrants were classified as Level 3 at issuance because the fair value was measured based on significant inputs that are unobservable in the market. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the PIPE Warrants is the expected volatility. The expected volatility was implied from the market price of the Company s Public Warrants. The expected term was based on the remaining contractual term of the PIPE Warrants, and the risk-free interest rate was based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury Securities with a maturity equivalent to the expected term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipated remaining at zero. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Given the adequate history of the market data of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the PIPE Warrants were remeasured at December 31, 2022 and 2021 based on the observable market quote of the Public Warrants and are classified as Level 2. The valuation technique was changed since the fair value of the Public Warrant is equally or more representative of the fair value of the PIPE Warrants. The fair value of each PIPE Warrant was determined to be consistent with that of a Public Warrant because the PIPE Warrants are also subject to the make-whole redemption feature, which allows the Company to redeem both types of warrants on similar terms. There were changes to the valuation methods utilized, and there were transfers of financial instruments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Assumption in Business Combination 

Change in fair value upon remeasurement (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value upon remeasurement (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase (Note 9) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Government bonds 

() 

Total short-term marketable securities 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Commercial paper 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Foreign bonds 

() 

Total short-term marketable securities 

() 

Government bonds 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Total long-term marketable securities 

() 

Government bonds 

Foreign bonds 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all short-term marketable securities had maturities of one year or less. All long-term marketable securities as of December 31, 2021 had maturities of greater than one year but less than two years. There have been no significant realized gains or losses on the marketable securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company periodically reviews the available-for-sale investments for credit losses. All investments with unrealized losses have been in a loss position for less than 12 months. The Company determined that the unrealized loss was primarily attributed to changes in current market interest rates and not to credit quality. The Company does not intend to sell the marketable securities that are in an unrealized loss position, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the marketable securities before the recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. As a result, the Company did t recognize any allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022. 

Lab equipment 

Furniture and office equipment 

Computer equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 w as million and million, respectively. Accrued and Other Liabilities 

Accrued research and development expenses 

Accrued professional service fees 

Liability for early exercised stock options 

Other 

Accrued and other liabilities 

square feet of rental space in South San Francisco, California. The office space lease is classified as an operating lease. The initial lease term commenced in May 2017 and ends in , with rent payments escalating each year. The Company has options to extend the lease for additional years, but the exercise of the option was not reasonably certain. In connection with the lease, the Company maintains a letter of credit for the benefit of the landlord in the amount of million, which is recorded as restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. In January 2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement for a term of months commencing June 2020 for approximately square feet of office space. This office space lease, which was classified as an operating lease, was amended in September 2021 and expired in June 2022. The operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million . 

Year ending December 31, 2024 

Year ending December 31, 2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

million less any applicable withholding tax, success-based milestone payments up to a total of million and mid-single digit to low-double digit royalties on net sales of the licensed products should any reach commercialization. The royalty payments will be subject to reduction due to patent expiration, generic competition and payments made under certain licenses for third-party intellectual property. The Company received million of the upfront payment from BI in November 2022. The associated withholding tax of million is expected to be refunded to the Company in 2023. The Company determined that the CLA is within the scope of ASC 606. The Company evaluated the promised goods and services and determined that the license to the Company's intellectual property granted to BI represented one performance obligation for the purposes of conducting the partnership research and further development on SZN-413. The transaction price was determined to be million, which is the non-refundable upfront payment. Variable consideration related to future milestones was fully constrained because the Company cannot conclude that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, given the inherent uncertainty of success with these future milestones. For sales-based royalties, the Company determined that the license is the predominant item to which the royalties relate to. Accordingly, the Company will recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). The Company will re-evaluate the transaction price in each reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized the non-refundable upfront payment of million as collaboration and license revenue at a point in time upon delivery of the license. The associated withholding tax of million to be refunded was recognized as accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. 

 In March 2016, the Company entered into a license agreement with Stanford University , or the 2016 Stanford Agreement, which was amended in July 2016, October 2016 and January 2021, pursuant to which the Company obtained from Stanford a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license under certain patents, rights, or licensed patents and technology related to its engineered Wnt surrogate molecules to make, use, import, offer to sell and sell products that are claimed by the licensed patents or that use or incorporate such technology, or licensed products, for the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of human and veterinary diseases. The Company agreed to pay Stanford (i) nominal annual license maintenance fees which are creditable against earned royalties owed to Stanford for the same year, (ii) an aggregate of up to million for the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones, and (iii) an aggregate of up to million for achievement of specified sales milestones. Stanford is also entitled to receive royalties from the Company equal to a very low single digit percentage of the Company s and its sublicensees net sales of licensed products that are covered by a valid claim of a licensed patent. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay Stanford a sub-teen double digit percentage of certain consideration the Company receives as a result of granting sublicenses to the licensed patents. However, the Company and Stanford may be able to negotiate a lower non-royalty sublicense percentage based on then-current value of the licensed patents for each sublicense product. If the Company is acquired, it agreed to pay a one-time change of control fee in the low six figures. Stanford retains the right under the 2016 Stanford Agreement, on behalf of itself, Stanford Hospital and Clinics, the University of Washington and all other non-profit research institutions, to practice the licensed patents and technology for any non-profit purpose. The licensed patents and technology are additionally subject to a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license held by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to practice the licensed patents and technology for its research purposes, but with no right to assign or sublicense. In June 2018, the Company entered into another license agreement with Stanford, or the 2018 Stanford Agreement, pursuant to which the Company obtained from Stanford a worldwide, exclusive, sublicensable license under certain patent rights related to its surrogate R-spondin proteins, or the licensed patents, to make, use, import, offer to sell and sell products that are claimed by the licensed patents, or licensed products, for the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of human and veterinary diseases, or the exclusive field. Additionally, Stanford granted the Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable license under the licensed patents to make and use licensed products for research and development purposes in furtherance of the exclusive field and a worldwide, non-exclusive license to make, use and import, but not to offer to sell or sell licensed products in any other field of use. The Company agreed to pay Stanford an aggregate of up to million for the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Stanford is also entitled to receive royalties from the Company equal to a sub-single digit percentage of the Company s and its sublicensees net sales of licensed products. Additionally, Stanford is entitled to receive a one-time payment in the low six figures for each sublicense of the licensed patents that the Company grants to a third party and, if the Company is acquired, a one-time nominal change of control fee. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred research and development expenses of approximately million under the Stanford Agreements, pertaining to the sublicense fee in connection with the upfront payment received from BI. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred research and development expenses of approximately million under the Stanford Agreements. milestones have been achieved as of December 31, 2022. UCSF License and Option Agreements In September and October 2016, the Company entered into two separate license and option agreements with The Regents of the University of California, or the UCSF Agreements, pursuant to which the Company obtained exclusive licenses from UCSF for internal research and antibody discovery purposes and an option to negotiate with UCSF to obtain an exclusive license under UCSF s rights in the applicable library to make, use, sell, offer for sale and import products incorporating antibodies identified or resulting from the Company s use of such library, or licensed products. In January 2020, the Company amended and restated the UCSF Agreements to provide non-exclusive licenses to make and use a certain human Fab na ve phage display library and to make and use a certain phage display llama VHH single domain antibody library for internal research and antibody discovery purposes and an option to negotiate with UCSF to obtain a non-exclusive commercial license under UCSF s rights in the applicable library to make, use, sell, offer for sale and import products incorporating antibodies identified or resulting from the Company s use of such library, or licensed products. In March 2022, the Company exercised the option under the UCSF Agreements and entered into a non-exclusive commercial license agreement to make and use licensed products derived from the phage display llama VHH single domain antibody library. Under the commercial license agreement, the Company paid UCSF a nominal license issue fee and agreed to pay a nominal annual license maintenance fee, five- to six-digit payments per licensed product upon achievement of a regulatory milestone, nominal minimum annual royalties and earned royalties equal to a sub-single digit percentage of the Company s and the Company s sublicensees net sales of licensed products. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred research and development expenses o f million under the UCSF Agreements as a result of the CLA. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred research and development expenses of under the UCSF Agreements. milestones have been achieved as of December 31, 2022. Distributed Bio Subscription Agreement In September 2016, the Company entered into, and in January 2019 the Company amended, an antibody library subscription agreement with Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., formerly known as Distributed Bio, or the Distributed Bio Agreement, in which the Company obtained from Distributed Bio a non-exclusive license to use Distributed Bio s antibody library to identify antibodies directed to an unlimited number of the Company s proprietary targets and to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and exploit products incorporating the antibodies that the Company identifies, or licensed products. In consideration for the rights granted to the Company under the Distributed Bio Agreement, the Company paid Distributed Bio a nominal upfront fee and an additional nominal fee upon entering into the amendment. The Company agreed to pay Distributed Bio an annual fee in the low six figures after the first three years. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay Distributed Bio an aggregate of million for each licensed product that achieves specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and royalties equal to a very low single digit percentage of the Company s and its sublicensees net sales of licensed products. The Company s obligation to pay royalties will end for each licensed product ten years after its first commercial sale. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred research and development expenses of million and million under the Distributed Bio Agreement, including the milestone payment of million and , respectively, as the Company achieved milestones with regard to the Phase 1 clinical trial for SZN-1326. 

 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase million shares of common stock from the Consonance Entities for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, or the Repurchase. Following the Repurchase, the Consonance Entities no longer hold any shares of common stock or warrants. The shares of common stock repurchased were constructively retired and the common stock warrants repurchased were subsequently cancelled. The total purchase price was allocated to the repurchase of common stock warrants based on the fair value of the warrants remeasured on the repurchase date, resulting in the derecognition of warrant liabilities of million. The remaining million allocated to the repurchase of common stock was recorded as a reduction of equity on the consolidated balance sheets. 

million of the Company s common stock with a maximum of million shares from time to time at the Company s sole discretion over a period commencing on April 27, 2022. The Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park pursuant to which the Company filed with the SEC the registration statement to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the shares of common stock that have been or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the Equity Purchase Agreement. The registration statement was effective on April 5, 2022. Upon execution of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company issued million shares of common stock to Lincoln Park with the fair value of million as consideration for Lincoln Park s commitment to purchase the Company s common stock, which was included in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. In the event that the Company sells its common stock under the Equity Purchase Agreement for an aggregate price equal to or greater than million, the Company shall pay an additional commitment fee of million in cash to Lincoln Park. As contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement, and so long as the closing price of the Company s common stock exceeds per share, the Company may direct Lincoln Park, at its sole discretion, to purchase up to shares of its common stock, or the Regular Purchase Share Limit, on any business day at a purchase price per share equal to the lower of: (i) the lowest price of the Company s common stock on the applicable purchase date and (ii) the average of the three lowest closing prices of the Company s common stock during the ten consecutive business days preceding such purchase date. shares and shares if the closing price of the Company s common stock is not below per share and per share, respectively. Any single purchase of the Company s common stock shall not exceed million. The Company may also direct Lincoln Park to purchase additional shares no less than the Regular Purchase Share Limit and no greater than million shares at a As of December 31, 2022, the Company has t sold any shares of common stock under the Equity Purchase Agreement. At-the-Market Offering In connection with its shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed in December 2022, the Company entered into a sales agreement with Guggenheim Securities, LLC to issue and sell the Company's common stock up to million, or the 2022 ATM. The compensation payable to Guggenheim is equal to of the gross sales price of any shares sold through it pursuant to the sales agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has t sold any shares of common stock under the 2022 ATM. 

121 
 
 SURROZEN, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million warrants held by Consonance s stockholders, or the Public Warrants, and million warrants held by Consonance s sponsor, or the Private Placement Warrants. In addition, immediately after the consummation of the Business Combination, certain investors subscribed for and purchased an aggregate of million units in the PIPE Financing, consisting of million shares of the Company s common stock and million warrants, or the PIPE Warrants. In conjunction with the Repurchase (see Note 9), the Company repurchased million Public Warrants, million Private Placement Warrants and million PIPE Warrants. 

PIPE Warrants 

Total 

Public Warrants Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, at any time commencing on November 23, 2021 and terminating at the earlier of or upon redemption or liquidation. The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. The Company would not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and would have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the common stock underlying the Public Warrants is then effective. The registration statement on Form S-1 to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, was effective in November 2021. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement until the expiration or redemption of the Public Warrants. If the Company fails to have maintained an effective registration statement, the Public Warrant holders have the right to exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis until such time as there is an effective registration statement. The Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at a price of per warrant if the closing price of common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and similar transaction). Additionally, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at a price of per warrant if the closing price of common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and similar transaction). Notice of redemption shall be mailed to the Public Warrant holders no less than prior to the redemption date, or the Redemption Period. If the closing price of common stock equals or exceeds per share and is less than per share, during the Redemption Period, the Public Warrant holders may elect to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis based on a make-whole table. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. The Public Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of common stockholders and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive common stock. Private Placement Warrants The Private Placement Warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be redeemable so long as they are held by Consonance Life Sciences, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, or the Sponsor, or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. There were no Private Placement Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022. PIPE Warrants Each whole PIPE Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, at any time commencing on November 23, 2021 and terminating on . The PIPE Warrants are the same in all respects as the Public Warrants except that the PIPE Warrants were not redeemable before August 12, 2022. Classification The Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants and PIPE Warrants are not considered indexed to the Company s common stock as certain provisions of the warrant agreements could change the settlement amount of these warrants. As a result, they are classified as liabilities and recorded at fair value with subsequent change in their respective fair value recognized in other income (expense), net within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. See Note 4 for the discussion of warrant valuations. 

 years from the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy Surrozen maintained the 2015 Stock Plan, or the 2015 Plan, which provided for the granting of options to purchase shares of common stock to officers, employees, directors, consultants and key persons who provide services to the Company. Options under the 2015 Plan have a term of years and generally vested over a period with cliff vesting. In conjunction with the Business Combination, options and the corresponding exercise price under the 2015 Plan were converted into the awards under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan based on the Exchange Ratio. Each converted option is subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the corresponding options under the 2015 Plan. The Company adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP, in August 2021. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, subject to plan limitations. An offering period under the ESPP consists of four six-month purchase periods, unless otherwise determined by the Company. . As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million shares were issued under the ESPP. Option Exchange In October 2022, the Company s Compensation Committee authorized and approved a stock option exchange whereby certain outstanding stock options held by employees were exchanged for stock options on a one-for-one basis with an exercise price at the current market price on the date of the exchange. As a result of this exchange, million outstanding stock options, with a weighted average exercise price of per share, were exchanged for million new stock options under the 2021 Plan with an exercise price of per share. The vesting terms and expiration dates of the new stock options remain unchanged from the original stock options. The option exchange was treated as an option modification for accounting purposes and resulted in the incremental expense of million. million of the total incremental expense associated with the vested options was recognized on the modification date. The remaining million associated with the unvested options as of the modification date will be recognized over the remainder of the original requisite service period. Stock Options 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic values of options outstanding, exercisable, vested and expected to vest is the difference between the exercise price of the options and the fair value of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. options were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted options with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per s hare and per share, respectively. Restricted Stock Awards 

Vested 

() 

RSAs, unvested at December 31, 2022 

The fair value of RSAs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million a nd million, respectively. Fair Value of Options 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Stock-Based Compensation 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of stock-based compensation expense to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

 provision for income taxes was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has incurred net operating losses for all the periods presented. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method, which requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of the Company s recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits is not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a full valuation allowance. 

Section 174 capitalized expense 

Research and development credits 

Lease liabilities 

Accrual and reserves 

Employee retention credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Capitalized intangible costs 

Fixed assets 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Fixed assets 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax assets 

The net valuation allowance increased by million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards of approximately million and million available to reduce future taxable income, if any, for federal and California state income tax purposes, respectively. NOL carryforwards generated after 2018 for federal tax reporting purposes of million have an indefinite carryforward period. The remaining federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin expiring in . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million and million available to reduce future taxable income, if any, for federal and California state income tax purposes, respectively. The federal credit carryforwards begin expiring in and the state credits carry forward . Beginning January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the Tax Act, eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current year and requires taxpayers to capitalize such expenses pursuant to Internal Revenue Code, or the IRC, Section 174. The capitalized expenses are amortized over a period for domestic expenses and a period for foreign expenses. As a result of this provision of the Tax Act, deferred tax assets related to capitalized research expenses increased by million. Federal and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in the event of an ownership change for tax purposes, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result of such ownership changes, the Company s ability to realize the potential future benefit of tax losses and tax credits that existed at the time of the ownership change may be limited and may expire unutilized. Such impairment of tax losses and tax credits would reduce the deferred tax asset and corresponding valuation allowance, as a result of the limitation. The Company completed an assessment of the available NOLs under Section 382 and determined that the Company underwent an ownership change in September 2020. As a result of the annual limitations caused by the ownership change, it was estimated the approximately million of federal tax credit and million of California NOL will expire unrealized for income tax purposes, and such amounts are excluded from the carryforward balances as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes uncertain income tax positions at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. The unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not have an impact on the Company s effective tax rate assuming the Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance position. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. 

Additions based on tax positions related to current year 

Reductions based on tax positions of prior year 

() 

Balance at end of the year 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and California tax jurisdictions. As of the date these financial statements were issued, the Company is not under examination by any income tax authority. The federal and state income tax returns from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2021 remain subject to examination. 

State tax 

() 

Tax credits 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

NOL and tax credits limited under 382 

() 

Gain on warrant liabilities 

Other 

() 

() 

Total 

On December 21, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, or the Appropriations Act, was signed into law which expanded and extended some of CARES Act provisions, including the expansion of the employee retention credits. The Company claimed employee retention credits of million and million for the 2021 and 2020 tax years. The Company will recognize the benefit of those credits as the refunds are received. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, which was signed into law in August 2022, includes several provisions that are specifically applicable to corporations. Among other changes, it created a new corporate alternative minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income and imposes a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. The effective date of these provisions is January 1, 2023. The Company is evaluating how the enactment of the IRA will have an impact on its consolidated financial statements but does not expect that the provisions of the IRA will have a material impact for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

million and nominal, respectively. 

 . The Company expects to substantially complete the workforce reduction by the end of the first quarter of 2023 and estimates to incur one-time restructuring charges of approximately million, including employee severance, benefits and related costs. In February 2023, the Company cancelled certain studies with its contract manufacturing organization and incurred a cancellation fee equal to 50 of the contract price of the studies plus any raw materials and handling fees that have been incurred. On March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, as a receiver. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC jointly announced that the FDIC would complete its resolution of SVB in a manner that fully protects all depositors. The Company has access to its full deposits with SVB and does not anticipate any disruption to its ongoing operations. The Company is working on replacing the letter of credit issued by SVB as required by the landlord and transferring substantially all of its cash deposits at SVB to a different financial institution. On March 31, 2023, we entered into an amended and restated warrant agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as warrant agent, or the PIPE Warrant Agreement. PIPE Warrants may be converted into Public Warrants on transfer pursuant to the terms of the PIPE Warrant Agreement. To the date of the consolidated financial statements were issued, no PIPE Warrants were converted into Public Warrants. 

128 

Item 9. Changes i n and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Manag ement s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Remediation on Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 As previously reported, in connection with the audit of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, we and our independent registered public accounting firm identified one material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness that we identified relates to a lack of sufficient accounting and financial reporting personnel with requisite knowledge and experience in application of U.S. GAAP and SEC rules. 
 To respond to the material weakness, we have devoted significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. We implemented measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediated the control deficiencies that led to the material weakness, including hiring additional accounting personnel, obtaining advisory services from professional consultants with U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience in their industry, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications and expanding the capabilities of the existing accounting and financial personnel through continuous training and education in the accounting and reporting requirements under U.S. GAAP and the SEC rules and regulations. The new measures have been determined to have operated effectively for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded that the material weakness previously identified has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. However, we cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to implement, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to identify or prevent future material weakness. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional, material weaknesses. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Attestation of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Report does not include an attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) as we qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act. 
 129 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, we entered into that certain Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as warrant agent, or the PIPE Warrant Agreement. PIPE Warrants may be converted into Public Warrants on transfer pursuant to the terms of the PIPE Warrant Agreement. A copy of the PIPE Warrant Agreement is filed as an exhibit to this report. 
 Item 9 C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 130 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our current executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 

Executive Officers 

Craig Parker 
 
 61 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Charles Williams 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Geertrui (Trudy) Vanhove, M.D., Ph.D. (7) 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Medical Officer 

Wen-Chen Yeh, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer 

Non-Employee Directors 

Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D. (1)(3)(6) 
 
 47 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board 

Anna Berkenblit, M.D. (2) 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Christopher Y. Chai (1)(3)(4) 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D. (1) 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D. (2)(5) 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Mace Rothenberg, M.D. (3) 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D. (2) 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

(1) Member of the audit committee. 

(2) Member of the compensation committee. 

(3) Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

(4) Chair of the audit committee. 

(5) Chair of the compensation committee. 

(6) Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

(7) Dr. Vanhove will terminate her employment with us on March 31, 2023. 

Executive Officers 
 Craig Parker has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2018 and as a member of our board of directors since April 2018. From August 2014 to March 2018, Mr. Parker served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, a biopharmaceutical company. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Parker served as Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Scientific Affairs at Geron Corporation and from 2011 to 2012 as Senior Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development at Human Genome Sciences, or HGS, until its acquisition by GlaxoSmithKline plc. Prior to HGS, Mr. Parker worked in various positions at J.P. Morgan and other Wall Street financial institutions. Mr. Parker served on the board of directors of vTv Therapeutics, a biopharmaceutical company, from July 2015 to February 2019. Mr. Parker is a member of the Scientific Advisory Board and chairs the Leadership Council of the Life Sciences Institute, University of Michigan and has been a member since 2005. Mr. Parker received a A.B. in biological sciences from the University of Chicago, an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan and attended the Georgetown University School of Medicine. We believe that Mr. Parker s extensive scientific, business and leadership experience in both public and privately-held companies in the life sciences industry provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve on our board of directors and as our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 Charles Williams has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2020. From 2013 to November 2020, he served as Head of Corporate Development at Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc. From 2008 to 2013, he served as Director of Corporate and Business Development at MAP Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company acquired by Allergan, Inc. Prior to MAP, Mr. Williams held various roles related to business development, finance and strategic planning at CV Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company acquired by Gilead Sciences, Inc. Mr. Williams received a B.A. in economics from Cornell University. 
 Geertrui (Trudy) Vanhove, M.D., Ph.D. has served as our Chief Medical Officer since April 2019. From June 2012 to October 2015, she served as Vice President, Medical Affairs and, from October 2015 to April 2019, she served as Vice President, Head of Search and Evaluation at Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc. From 2011 to 2012, she served as Vice President, Medical Affairs at Depomed, Inc., a pharmaceutical company. Prior to this, Dr. Vanhove held positions of increasing responsibility from 2006 to 2011 in Clinical Development at NeurogesX, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. Prior to NeurogesX, Dr. Vanhove served as Medical Director at XOMA (US) LLC and Abbott Laboratories. Dr. Vanhove also served on the board of Insys Therapeutics from April 2018 to February 2020. Dr. Vanhove received an M.D. and a Ph.D. in pharmacology from the Catholic University in Leuven, Belgium and completed a fellowship in clinical pharmacology at Stanford University. Dr. Vanhove also received an M.B.A. from St. Mary s College of California. Dr. Vanhove will terminate her employment with us on March 31, 2023. 
 131 

Wen-Chen Yeh, M.D., Ph.D. has served as our Chief Scientific Officer since May 2016. From December 2006 to April 2016, he held various positions of increasing responsibility at Amgen Inc., or Amgen, a biopharmaceutical company, as an Associate Director, Director of Research and Scientific Executive Director. Prior to Amgen, Dr. Yeh served as a professor and led a research laboratory at the University of Toronto. Dr. Yeh received an M.D. from the National Taiwan University and a Ph.D. from The Johns Hopkins University. 
 Non-Employee Directors 
 Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D. has served on our board of directors since April 2016, Chairman of our board of directors since August 2021, chair of our board of directors Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since August 2021 and served as our interim Chief Executive Officer from inception to April 2018. Dr. Kutzkey serves as Managing Partner of The Column Group, LLC, a venture capital partnership, where he has served in various roles since 2007. Prior to The Column Group, Dr. Kutzkey served as a scientist at Kai Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Kutzkey also serves on the board of directors of Kallyope Inc., Nura Bio Inc., Neurona Therapeutics Inc., Synthekine Inc., Plexium, Inc., Cajal Neuroscience Inc. and Carmot Therapeutics, all biotechnology companies. Dr. Kutzkey obtained a Ph.D. in molecular and cell biology from the University of California, Berkeley and completed his undergraduate degree in biological sciences from Stanford University. We believe that Dr. Kutzkey s scientific training and experience as a director of other publicly traded and privately held biopharmaceutical companies provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 Anna Berkenblit, M.D. has served on our board of directors since August 2018, and on our Board of Directors compensation committee since August 2021. Dr. Berkenblit has served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer at ImunnoGen, Inc., a biotechnology company, since April 2015. Prior to ImmunoGen, Dr. Berkenblit served as Senior Vice President Head of Clinical Development at H3, Biomedicine Inc., a developer of targeted anti-cancer compounders, from 2013 to 2015. From 2011 to 2013, she served as Head of Clinical Research at AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, where she led the clinical development of oncology product candidates spanning early testing to registration trials. From January 2007 to September 2011, Dr. Berkenblit held various positions of increasing responsibility at Pfizer Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. Dr. Berkenblit received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and an M.M.S. degree in the Clinical Investigator Training Program of Harvard/MIT Health Sciences and Technology. We believe that Dr. Berkenblit s extensive leadership and scientific experience, especially in the clinical development of biopharmaceuticals, provide her with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 Christopher Y. Chai. has served on our board of directors since April 2021 and Chair of our board of directors Audit Committee since August 2021. Mr. Chai has served as a venture partner at SR One since January 2021, where he works with portfolio companies on their engagement with Wall Street and their overall financing strategy and execution. Prior to joining SR One, Mr. Chai served as Chief Financial Officer of Principia Biopharma Inc. from 2013 to 2020, where he led the company from an early-stage private venture-backed company to its acquisition by Sanofi S.A. Mr. Chai previously served as Chief Financial Officer at MAP Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (acquired by Allergan, Inc.) and Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations at CV Therapeutics, Inc. (acquired by Gilead Sciences, Inc.). Mr. Chai received his B.S. in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering from Cornell University. We believe that Mr. Chai s extensive financial and executive experience provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D. has served on our board of directors since September 2020. Dr. Woodhouse has served as the Chief Executive Officer and director of NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., or NGM, since September 2018. Dr. Woodhouse also served as Chief Financial Officer from March 2015 until September 2018 and acting Chief Financial Officer from September 2018 until June 2020 at NGM. From 2002 to 2015, he was an investment banker at Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, most recently as a managing director in the healthcare investment banking group and co-head of biotechnology investment banking. Earlier in his career, Dr. Woodhouse worked at Dynavax Technologies and also as a research assistant at Amgen, Inc. Dr. Woodhouse received a B.A. in pharmacology from the University of California, Santa Barbara, an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth and a Ph.D. in molecular pharmacology from Stanford University School of Medicine. We believe that Dr. Woodhouse s extensive financial and executive experience provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D. has served on our board of directors since March 2021 and Chair of our board of directors Compensation Committee since August 2021. Dr. Haak-Frendscho has served as the president and chief executive officer of Spotlight Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company, since January 2019. Prior to Spotlight, from January 2017 to January 2019, she was a venture partner with Versant Ventures and, from January 2016 to January 2019, she served as the chief executive officer of Blueline Bioscience, Versant s vehicle for new company creation in Canada. Earlier, Dr. Haak-Frendscho established and served as the chair of Compugen USA, Inc. from 2012 to 2016, was the chief executive officer of Igenica Biotherapeutics from 2012 to 2014, and was the founding president and chief scientific officer of Takeda San Francisco from 2008 to 2012. She received her B.S. from the University of Michigan, M.L.A. from Washington University, M.S. from SUNY-Stony Brook, C.S.E.P. from Columbia University Graduate School of Business, and Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin. We believe that Dr. Haak-Frendscho s scientific training, work experience, and experience as a director of other biopharmaceutical companies provide her with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 132 

Mace Rothenberg, M.D. has served on our board of directors since April 2021. Dr. Rothenberg served as chief medical officer of Pfizer Inc., a biopharmaceutical company from January 2019 to January 2021, where he led Pfizer s Worldwide Medical Safety organization that is responsible for ensuring that patients, physicians, and regulatory agencies are provided with information on the safe and appropriate use of Pfizer medications. From January 2019 to March 2021, Dr. Rothenberg also served as a member of Pfizer s Portfolio Strategy and Investment Committee, Worldwide Research, Development, and Medical Leadership Team, and Blueprint Leaders Forum. Prior to becoming Pfizer s chief medical officer, Dr. Rothenberg led Pfizer s oncology clinical drug development efforts. During his ten years in this role, Dr. Rothenberg's organization obtained FDA approval for eleven cancer medicines. He received his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and his M.D. from the New York University School of Medicine. Dr. Rothenberg received his post-graduate training in Internal Medicine at Vanderbilt University and in Medical Oncology at the National Cancer Institute. In addition, Dr. Rothenberg currently serves as a member of the board for Tango Therapeutics and Aulos Bioscience, both biopharmaceutical companies. We believe that Dr. Rothenberg s scientific training, work experience, and experience as a director of other biopharmaceutical companies provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D. has served on our board of directors since January 2021. Dr. Lin co-founded and serves as the Chief Executive Officer of ACELYRIN, INC. formed in July 2020. From January 2018 to January 2020, she served as Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer at Horizon Pharma plc, a biopharmaceutical company. From April 2015 to December 2017, she served as a corporate officer and Vice President, Therapeutic Areas, Development Excellence and International Development at Abbvie Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. Prior to Abbvie, Dr. Lin served as Vice President, Inflammation and Respiratory Development at Gilead from August 2012 to February 2015 and served in various roles of increasing responsibility at Amgen from April 2004 to August 2012, Dr. Lin served on the board of directors of Principia Biopharma Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from April 2019 until it was acquired in September 2020 Dr. Lin has also been faculty as a Clinical Scholar at The Rockefeller University and adjunct faculty at the medical schools of Cornell University, The University of California, Los Angeles, Stanford University and Northwestern University. Dr. Lin received her bachelor s degree in chemical engineering and biochemistry from Rice University and holds an M.D. and Ph.D. from The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. We believe that Dr. Lin s scientific training, work experience, and experience as a director of other publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies provide her with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 
 Composition of Our Board of Directors 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of directors, which currently consists of eight directors. Each director will continue to serve until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 Our board of directors may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. In accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation our board of directors will be divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. At each annual general meeting of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following election. Our directors are divided among the three classes as follows: 
 the Class I directors are Anna Berkenblit, M.D. and Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D., and their terms will expire at our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025; 

the Class II directors are Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D., Mace Rothenberg, M.D. and David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D., and their terms will expire at our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023; and 

the Class III directors are Christopher Y. Chai, Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D. and Craig Parker, and their terms will expire at our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024. 

We expect that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. The division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control. 
 Director Independence 
 Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our board of directors has determined that no director, except for Craig Parker, has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director 
 133 

and that each of our directors, except for Craig Parker, is independent as that term is defined under the applicable listing standards. In making these determinations, our board of directors considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our shares held by each non-employee director and the transactions described in the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Committees of Our Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors has an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our board of directors are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 
 Audit Committee 
 Our audit committee consists of the following members: Christopher Y. Chai, David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D. and Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the audit committee satisfies the independence requirements under the Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. The chair of our audit committee is Christopher Y. Chai. Our board of directors has determined that Christopher Y. Chai is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations. Each member of our audit committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable listing standards. In arriving at these determinations, our board of directors has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of his or her employment. 
 The primary purpose of the audit committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors with respect to our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes, systems of internal control and financial statement audits, and to oversee our independent registered public accounting firm. Specific responsibilities of our audit committee include: 
 helping our board of directors oversee our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes; 

managing and/or assessing the selection, engagement, qualifications, independence and performance of a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; 

discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the independent accountants, our interim and year-end operating results; 

developing procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

reviewing, approving and disapproving related party transactions; 

reviewing our policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing, with our independent registered public accounting firm, our internal quality control procedures, any material issues with such procedures and any steps taken to deal with such issues; and 

pre-approving audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Our audit committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 Compensation Committee 
 The board of directors has a compensation committee, which consists of the following members: Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D., Anna Berkenblit, M.D. and Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D. The chair of our compensation committee is Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the compensation committee satisfies the independence requirements under the listing standards of Nasdaq and is a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 The primary purpose of our compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors in overseeing our compensation policies, plans and programs and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to our executive officers, directors and other senior management, as appropriate. 
 134 

Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include: 
 reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of our chief executive officer and other executive officers; 

reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of our directors; 

administering our equity incentive plans and other benefit programs; 

reviewing, adopting, amending and terminating incentive compensation and equity plans, severance agreements, profit sharing plans, bonus plans, change-of-control protections and any other compensatory arrangements for our executive officers and other senior management; and 

reviewing and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees, including our overall compensation philosophy. 

Our compensation committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 The board of directors continues to have a nominating and corporate governance committee, which consists of the following members: Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D., Christopher Y. Chai and Mace Rothenberg, M.D. The chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee is Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the nominating and corporate governance committee satisfies the independence requirements under the listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 Specific responsibilities of our nominating and corporate governance committee include: 
 
 identifying and evaluating candidates, including the nomination of incumbent directors for reelection and nominees recommended by stockholders, to serve on our board of directors; 

considering and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding the composition and chairpersonship of the board of directors and committees of our board of directors; 

reviewing developments in corporate governance practices; 

developing and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters; and 

overseeing periodic evaluations of the board of directors performance, including committees of the board of directors. 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 None of the members of the compensation committee is currently or has been at any time one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. Additionally, none of the members who serves or served on the compensation committee of our Board of Directors had any relationship as set forth in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 135 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or Code of Ethics, applicable to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.surrozen.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Ethics or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code of Ethics to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 
 We have reviewed all forms provided to us or filed with the SEC. Based on that review and on written information given to us by our executive officers and directors, we believe that all Section 16(a) filings during fiscal year 2022 were filed on a timely basis and that all directors, executive officers and 10 beneficial owners have fully complied with such requirements during the past fiscal year, other than three reports on Form 4 filed by Wen-Chen Yeh on October 12, 2022, by Charles Williams and Geertrui Vanhove on October 13, 2022, which were filed late. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our named executive officers consisted of our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and the next most highly compensated executive officer: 
 Craig Parker, our President and Chief Executive Officer; 

Charles Williams, our Chief Financial Officer; and 

Wen-Chen Yeh, M.D., Ph.D., our Chief Scientific Officer. 

Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table presents all of the compensation awarded to our named executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Option Awards ) (1) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (2) 

All Other Compensation ) (3) 

Total ) 

Craig Parker 
 
 2022 

558,000 

793,794 

195,300 

1,547,094 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

495,750 

3,470,726 

246,150 

4,212,626 

Charles Williams 
 
 2022 

423,300 

268,174 

139,689 

500 

831,663 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

374,375 

104,321 

156,040 

500 

635,236 

Wen-Chen Yeh, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 2022 

428,400 

269,304 

145,656 

500 

843,860 

Chief Scientific Officer 
 
 2021 

376,330 

216,043 

151,200 

500 

744,073 

(1) The amounts disclosed represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock options granted to our named executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under our 2021 Plan, computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the stock options are set forth in the notes to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value that may be realized by the named executive officer. 

136 

(2) The amounts disclosed represent the applicable named executive officer s total performance-based bonus earned for the fiscal year indicated, as described in this section below under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation . 

(3) Amounts comprised of 401(k) plan matching contributions. 

Employment Arrangements 
 We have entered into employment agreements or offer letters with each of our named executive officers setting forth the terms and conditions of such executive s employment with us. The employment agreements or offer letters generally will provide for at-will employment and set forth the executive officer s initial base salary. Each of our named executive officers has executed our standard confidential information and invention assignment agreement. 
 The compensation committee has also adopted severance terms whereby executive officers shall receive certain benefits if their employment is terminated without cause or in connection with a change-in-control of the Company. If terminated not-for-cause, the named executive officers will receive nine months base salary (12 months for Mr. Parker) and nine months of continued benefits (12 months for Mr. Parker) but no acceleration of equity vesting requirements. If terminated in connection with a change-in-control of the Company, i.e., at any time within the 12-month period beginning three months prior to the change-in-control, the named executive officers will receive 12 months base salary (18 months for Mr. Parker), 100 of their target bonus (1.5 times the target bonus for Mr. Parker), 12 months continuation of benefits (18 months for Mr. Parker) and acceleration of all existing equity vesting requirements. 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 In addition to base salaries, our named executive officers are eligible to receive annual performance-based cash bonuses under our Annual Cash Bonus Plan, or Bonus Plan. The compensation committee established the Bonus Plan to incentivize our employees and reward them upon the achievement of corporate performance goals. With respect to the performance-based cash bonuses of the named executive officers for 2022 and 2021, the Bonus Plan targets the amount of the bonus at 50 of base salary for our chief executive officer and 40 for other executive officers. 
 Actual amounts paid under the Annual Cash Bonus Plan generally depend on the extent to which (i) we achieve our corporate performance goals, and (ii) the employee achieves his or her individual goals that were established at the beginning of the year. After the end of each year, the board of directors determines the level or percentage at which the Company has achieved its corporate goals for the past year and sets the corporate performance goals for the next year. Corporate performance goals include stretch goals that reflect our desired progress and outcomes relating to the development of our product candidates and adherence to established budgets. 
 When determining the actual payout amount of our chief executive officer's performance-based cash bonus for 2022 and 2021, the compensation committee weighted 100 of its decision on the extent to which the Company achieved its corporate performance goals. When determining the actual payout amount of the performance-based cash bonus for our other executives, the compensation committee weighted 50 of its decision on the Company's attainment of corporate performance goals and 50 on the attainment of individual performance goals. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our board of directors determined that the Company had achieved 70 of its corporate performance goals, so Mr. Parker received 70 of his targeted bonus. Mr. Williams and Dr. Yeh received 85 and 83 of their targeted bonus amounts, respectively, based on the 70 achievement of our 2022 corporate performance goals and 100 and 95 achievement of their personal goals, respectively. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, our board of directors determined that the Company had achieved 90 of its corporate performance goals, so Mr. Parker received 90 of his targeted bonus. Mr. Williams and Dr. Yeh received 94 and 90 of their targeted bonus amounts, respectively, based on our 90 achievement of our 2021 corporate performance goals and 98 and 90 achievement of their personal goals, respectively. 
 All performance-based cash bonuses are generally paid within a few months after the year to which they relate, upon final determination by the compensation committee. The performance-based cash bonuses paid to our named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as determined by the compensation committee based on the guidelines above, are set forth above in the Summary Compensation Table in the column titled Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation . 
 137 

Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022 
 The following table presents the outstanding equity incentive plan awards held by each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards (1) 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 

Option Exercise Price Per Share ) 

Option Expiration Date 

Craig Parker 
 
 04/11/2018 
 
 03/19/2018 

316,167 
 
 (2) 

0.69 

04/10/2028 

02/07/2019 
 
 01/01/2019 

34,397 
 
 (4) 

732 

1.26 

02/06/2029 

03/01/2022 
 
 01/01/2022 

84,791 
 
 (4) 

285,209 

3.11 

03/01/2032 

10/10/2022 
 
 01/01/2021 

168,329 
 
 (4) 

182,968 

2.16 

02/22/2031 

10/10/2022 
 
 08/12/2021 

61,111 
 
 (3) 

122,224 

2.16 

08/12/2031 

Charles Williams 
 
 03/01/2022 
 
 01/01/2022 

28,645 
 
 (4) 

96,355 

3.11 

03/01/2032 

10/10/2022 
 
 11/30/2020 

91,482 
 
 (3) 

84,166 

2.16 

12/13/2030 

10/10/2022 
 
 08/12/2021 

4,865 
 
 (3) 

9,732 

2.16 

08/12/2031 

Wen-Chen Yeh, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 02/07/2019 
 
 01/01/2019 

8,599 
 
 (4) 

183 

1.26 

12/31/2028 

02/13/2020 
 
 01/01/2020 

25,615 
 
 (4) 

9,514 

2.97 

02/12/2030 

03/01/2022 
 
 01/01/2022 

28,645 
 
 (4) 

96,355 

3.11 

03/01/2032 

07/01/2022 
 
 06/21/2022 

62 
 
 (4) 

438 

3.15 

07/01/2032 

10/10/2022 
 
 01/01/2021 

16,832 
 
 (4) 

18,297 

2.16 

02/22/2031 

(1) Each of the equity awards granted prior to August 12, 2021 was granted under the 2015 Plan. Each of the equity awards granted on August 12, 2021 or later were granted under the 2021 Plan. The 2015 Plan and 2021 Plan are described below under Employee Benefit and Stock Plans . 

(2) The shares subject to the option award vest over a four-year period, with 25 of the total number of shares subject to the option vesting on the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and the balance of the shares vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter, subject to continued service through each such vesting date. 100 of the unvested shares subject to the option will immediately become fully vested in the event that, upon or following a change in control, the holder s employment is terminated without cause or the holder resigns for good reason. 

(3) The shares subject to the option award vest over a four-year period, with 25 of the total number of shares subject to the option vesting on the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and the balance of the shares vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter, subject to continued service through each such vesting date. 

(4) The shares subject to the option award vest over a four-year period in 48 equal monthly installments measured from the vesting commencement date, subject to continued service through each such vesting date. 

Other Compensation and Benefits 
 Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in our employee benefit plans, including our 401(k) plan, medical, dental, vision, life, disability and accidental death and dismemberment insurance plans, in each case on the same basis as generally all of our other full-time exempt employees. 
 Our named executive officers did not participate in, or earn any benefits under, any nonqualified deferred compensation plan sponsored by us during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Surrozen board of directors may elect to provide our officers and other employees with nonqualified deferred compensation benefits in the future if it determines that doing so is in our best interests. 
 Stock Plans 
 Prior to August 12, 2021, grants of equity awards were provided to our named executive officers under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2015 Plan. On August 12, 2021, we adopted the Surrozen, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2021 Plan, which replaces and supersedes the 2015 Plan, except with respect to awards previously granted. The 2021 Plan authorizes us to grant equity and cash incentive awards to officers, directors, employees, and eligible service providers. A description of our stock plans can be found in Note 12 Stock-Based Compensation Plan of the consolidated financial statements in this Report. 
 138 

Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters 
 The Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our current and former directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; 

any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Such limitation of liability does not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and does not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. 
 The Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. The Bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law and may indemnify our other employees and agents. The Bylaws also provide that, on satisfaction of certain conditions, we will advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Delaware law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers. With certain exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in connection with any action, proceeding or investigation. We believe that the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain customary directors and officers liability insurance. 
 
 The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted for directors, executive officers or persons controlling us, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 Rule 10b5-1 Sales Plans 
 Our directors and executive officers may adopt written plans, known as Rule 10b5-1 plans, in which they will contract with a broker to buy or sell shares of common stock on a periodic basis. Under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, a broker executes trades pursuant to parameters established by the director or executive officer when entering into the plan, without further direction from them. The director or executive officer may amend a Rule 10b5-1 plan in some circumstances and may terminate a plan at any time. Our directors and executive officers also may buy or sell additional shares outside of a Rule 10b5-1 plan when they are not in possession of material nonpublic information, subject to compliance with the terms of our insider trading policy. 
 Director Compensation 
 We previously provided cash and equity-based compensation to certain of our non-employee directors. In addition, all non-employee directors are entitled to reimbursement of direct expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the board of directors or committees thereof. Our board of directors has approved a policy providing for annual non-employee director compensation. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation earned by or paid to our non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. Craig Parker, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is also a member of our board of directors, but did not receive any additional compensation for service as a director. The compensation earned by or paid to Mr. Parker as a named executive 
 139 

officer of Surrozen for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is set forth in this item above under Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table . 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Option Awards ) (1)(2) 

All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Anna Berkenblit, M.D. 

40,000 

39,026 

79,026 

Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D. 

80,500 

39,026 

119,526 

Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D. 

40,000 

39,026 

79,026 

David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D. 

42,500 

39,026 

81,526 

Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D. 

45,000 

39,026 

84,026 

Mace Rothenberg, M.D. 

39,000 

39,026 

78,026 

Christopher Y. Chai 

54,000 

39,026 

93,026 

(1) The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the option awards granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under Surrozen s 2021 Plan, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 718, or ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant-date fair value of the stock options reported in this column are set forth in the notes to Surrozen s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value that may be realized by the non-employee director. 

(2) The option awards were granted on June 7, 2022 and fully vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 T he following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: 
 each beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock; 

each of our named executive officers and directors; 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Except as noted by footnote, and subject to community property laws where applicable, based on the information provided to us, we believe that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. The beneficial ownership percentages set forth in the table below are based on 30,079,441 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 1, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 
 Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 

Percentage of Total Voting Power 

Directors and Executive Officers: 

Craig Parker (4) 

775,803 

2.5 

Wen-Chen Yeh (5) 

333,199 

1.1 

Charles Williams (6) 

168,653 

Geertrui (Trudy) Vanhove (7) 

233,299 

Anna Berkenblit (8) 

35,129 

Tim Kutzkey (3) 

9,414,795 

31.1 

Shao-Lee Lin (8) 

35,129 

David Woodhouse (8) 

35,129 

Mary Haak-Frendscho (8) 

35,129 

Mace Rothenberg (8) 

35,129 

Christopher Y. Chai (8) 

35,129 

All directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons) (9) 

11,136,523 

35.4 

Five Percent Holders: 

Entities affiliated with the Column Group (10) 

9,414,795 

31.1 

The Regents of the University of California (11) 

2,081,453 

6.9 

Entities affiliated with SymBiosis II, LLC (12) 

1,964,082 

6.5 

BML Investment Partners, L.P. (13) 

1,669,037 

5.5 

140 

Less than 1 beneficial ownership 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the directors and officers is 171 Oyster Point Boulevard, Suite 400, South San Francisco, California 94080. 

(2) Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security. Under those rules, beneficial ownership includes securities that the individual or entity has the right to acquire, such as through the exercise of warrants or stock options or the vesting of restricted stock units, within 60 days. Shares subject to warrants or options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days or subject to restricted stock units that vest within 60 days are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding such warrants, options or restricted stock units for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(3) Includes: (a) (i) 4,343,245 shares held by The Column Group III, LP TCG III and (ii) 4,904,884 shares held by The Column Group III-A, LP TCG III-A ), (b) (i) 78,272 shares underlying warrants held by TCG III, and (ii) 88,394 shares underlying warrants held by TCG III-A, LP. The Column Group III GP, LP TCG III GP ), is the general partner of each of TCG III and TCG III-A. Dr. Kutzkey, David Goeddel and Peter Svennilson are the Managing Partners of TCG III GP and as such may each be deemed to share voting and investment power with respect to the securities held by each of TCG III and TCG III-A and disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interests therein. The address for the entities listed herein is 1 Letterman Drive, Building D, Suite DM-900, San Francisco, CA 94129. 

(4) Consists of 9,578 shares of common stock and 766,225 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to stock options that have vested or will vest and become exercisable within 60 days of March 1, 2023. 

(5) Consists of 229,138 shares of common stock and 104,061 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to stock options that have vested or will vest and become exercisable within 60 days of March 1, 2023. 

(6) Consists of 9,578 shares of common stock and 159,075 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to stock options that have vested or will vest and become exercisable within 60 days of March 1, 2023. 

(7) Consists of 32,412 shares of common stock and 200,887 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to stock options that have vested or will vest and become exercisable within 60 days of March 1, 2023. 

(8) Consists of 35,129 shares of common stock subject to restricted stock awards. 

(9) Consists of Craig Parker, Geertrui Vanhove, Wen-Chen Yeh, Charles Williams, Anna Berkenblit, Christopher Chai, Tim Kutzkey, Shao-Lee Lin, David Woodhouse, Mary Haak-Frendscho and Mace Rothenberg. 

(10) Includes: (a) (i) 4,343,245 shares held by The Column Group III, LP TCG III and (ii) 4,904,884 shares held by The Column Group III-A, LP TCG III-A ), (b) (i) 78,272 shares underlying warrants held by TCG III, and (ii) 88,394 shares underlying warrants held by TCG III-A, LP based on information set forth in a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023. The Column Group III GP, LP TCG III GP ), is the general partner of each of TCG III and TCG III-A. Dr. Kutzkey, David Goeddel and Peter Svennilson are the Managing Partners of TCG III GP and as such may each be deemed to share voting and investment power with respect to the securities held by each of TCG III and TCG III-A and disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interests therein. The address for the entities listed herein is 1 Letterman Drive, Building D, Suite DM-900, San Francisco, CA 94129. 

(11) Includes: (a) 1,998,120 shares of common stock held by The Regents of the University of California UC ), and (b) 83,333 shares of common stock underlying warrants held by UC based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on Februay 2, 2023. The address for UC is 1111 Franklin Street, 6th Floor, Oakland, CA 94607. 

(12) Includes 1,964,082 shares of common stock held by SymBiosis II, LLC SymBiosis based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022. The address for SymBiosis is 609 SW 8th St., Suite 365, Bentonville, AR 72712. 

(13) Includes 1,669,037 shares of common stock held by BML Investment Partners, L.P. BML based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023. The address for BML is 65 E Cedar, Suite 2, Zionsville, IN 46077. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table summarizes certain information, as of December 31, 2022 , relating to our equity compensation plans, which were approved by the Company s stockholders. See Note 12 Stock-Based Compensation Plan of the consolidated financial statements in this Report for a summary of our equity compensation plans. 

141 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

3,896,371 
 
 (1) 
 
 2.43 

4,253,951 
 
 (2) 

Total 

3,896,371 

2.43 

4,253,951 

(1) Consists of 634,136 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options issued under the 2015 Plan and 3,262,235 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options issued under the 2021 Plan. 

(2) Consists of 3,686,783 shares reserved and remaining available for future awards under the 2021 Plan and 567,168 shares reserved and remaining available for issuance under the ESPP. The reserve for the 2021 Plan will automatically increase each year on January 1st by an amount equal to 5 of the fully-diluted common stock on December 31 of the preceding year. The reserve for the ESPP will automatically increase each year on January 1st by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 1 of the fully-diluted common stock on December 31 st of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) 474,669 shares of common stock. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Ot her than compensation arrangements for Surrozen s directors and executive officers, which are described elsewhere in this Report, described below are transactions since January 1, 2021 and each currently proposed transaction in which: 
 the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 

any of Surrozen directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of Surrozen outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements are described in the sections titled Executive Compensation and Director Compensation . Described below are certain other transactions with Surrozen directors, executive officers and stockholders. 
 Investors Rights Agreement 
 In connection with the Closing, that certain Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated November 18, 2020, was terminated, and Surrozen, the Sponsor and certain stockholders of Surrozen, or the Investors, entered into the Investors Rights Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, the form of which is attached as an exhibit to this Report and pursuant to which the Investors, subject to certain conditions, will be entitled to registration rights. The Investors include our officers and directors and certain significant stockholders, namely, The Column Group III, L.P., The Column Group III-A, L.P., The Regents of the University of California and the Sponsor. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 The Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions limiting the liability of directors, and the Certificate of Incorporation provides that Surrozen indemnify each of Surrozen s directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. The Certificate of Incorporation also provides Surrozen s board of directors with discretion to indemnify Surrozen s employees and other agents when determined appropriate by the board. 
 In addition, Surrozen has entered into an indemnification agreement with each of Surrozen s directors and executive officers, which requires Surrozen to indemnify them. For more information regarding these agreements, see the section titled Surrozen s Executive Compensation Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters . 
 UCSF License and Option Agreements 
 In March 2022, Surrozen entered into a non-exclusive commercial license agreement The Regents of the University of California, or UCSF, a holder of more than 5 of Surrozen s capital stock to make and use licensed products identified from the phage display llama VHH single domain antibody library. Under the commercial license agreement, Surrozen paid UCSF a nominal license issue fee. Surrozen agreed to pay a nominal annual license maintenance fee, low five-digit payment per licensed product upon achievement of a 
 142 

regulatory milestone, nominal annual minimum royalties, and earned royalties equal to a sub-single digit percentage of Surrozen s and Surrozen s sublicensees net sales of licensed products. 
 For a more detailed description of the UCSF Agreements, see the section titled Business UCSF License and Option Agreements . 
 Securities Repurchase 
 On December 12, 2022, Surrozen entered into a securities purchase agreement with entities affiliated with Consonance Capital Management LP, collectively the Consonance Entities. Pursuant to the agreement, on December 15, 2022, we repurchased an aggregate of 5,382,499 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate 1,310,496 shares of our common stock from the Consonance Entities for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 2.7 million. The shares of common stock were returned to authorized and unissued status and the warrants were cancelled. Following the repurchase, the Consonance Entities no longer hold any shares of Surrozen common stock or warrants to purchase Surrozen common stock. 
 Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 
 The Surrozen board of directors has adopted a related person transaction policy setting forth the policies and procedures for the identification, review, and approval or ratification of related person transactions. This policy covers, with certain exceptions set forth in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, any transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which Surrozen and a related person were or will be participants and the amount involved exceeds 120,000, including purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has a material interest, indebtedness and guarantees of indebtedness. In reviewing and approving any such transactions, the Surrozen audit committee will consider all relevant facts and circumstances as appropriate, such as the purpose of the transaction, the availability of other sources of comparable products or services, whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in an arm s length transaction, management s recommendation with respect to the proposed related person transaction, and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. 
 Director Independence 
 Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see the section above in Item 10 titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Fees P aid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The following table presents fees for professional audit services and other services rendered to us by for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

960,000 

2,232,000 

Total Fees 

960,000 

2,232,000 

(1) Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements, reviews of our quarterly consolidated financial statements and related accounting consultations and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those years. This category also includes fees for services incurred in connection with the Business Combination. 

Auditor Independence 
 In 2022, there were no other professional services provided by Ernst Young LLP, other than those listed above, that would have required our audit committee to consider their compatibility with maintaining the independence of Ernst Young LLP. 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 
 
 The Audit Committee must review and pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by Ernst Young LLP, which was our independent registered public accounting firm as of December 31, 2022, and has adopted a Pre-Approval Policy. In conducting reviews of audit and non-audit services, the Audit Committee will determine whether the provision of such services would impair the auditor s 
 143 

independence. The term of any pre-approval is 12 months from the date of pre-approval, unless the Audit Committee specifically provides for a different period. Any proposed services exceeding pre-approved fee ranges or limits must be specifically pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 Requests or applications to provide services that require pre-approval by the Audit Committee must be accompanied by a statement of the independent auditors as to whether, in the auditor s view, the request or application is consistent with the SEC s and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s rules on auditor independence. Each pre-approval request or application must also be accompanied by documentation regarding the specific services to be provided. 
 
 144 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) List the following documents filed as a part of the report: 

(1) Financial statements: 

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8 herein. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or is not applicable or required. 
 (3) Exhibits: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among CHFW, Perseverance Merger Sub Inc., and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249394), filed with the SEC on October 13, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2020, between Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on November 25, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249394), filed with the SEC on October 13, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249394), filed with the SEC on October 13, 2020). 

4.5 
 
 Certificate of Corporate Domestication of Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

4.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, between Surrozen, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

4.7 
 
 Description of Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Form of Company Stockholder Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Form of CHFW Shareholder Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Investors' Rights Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among Surrozen, Inc., Consonance Life Sciences, and certain other investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

10.5+ 
 
 Surrozen, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

10.6+ 
 
 Surrozen, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated License and Option Agreement for Llama Single Domain Antibody Phage Library, dated as of January 17, 2020, by and between Regents of the University of California and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference 

145 

to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated License and Option Agreement for Human Na ve Fab Library, dated as of January 17, 2020, by and between Surrozen, Inc. and Regents of the University of California (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Antibody Library Subscription Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2019, by and between Distributed Bio, Inc. and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to the Antibody Library Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, by and between Distributed Bio, Inc. and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Exclusive (Equity) Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2016, by and between the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 1 the Exclusive (Equity) Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2016, by and between the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Exclusive (Equity) Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016, by and between the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Exclusive (Equity) Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2021, by and between the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University and Surrozen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2018, by and between Surrozen, Inc. and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256146), filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2022, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2022, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 

10.19 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2016, by and between HCP Oyster Point III LLC and Surrozen, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022). 

10.20 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and between Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH and Surrozen Operating, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39635), filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.21 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, by and between the Company and Guggenheim Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268745), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

146 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 The Company has redacted provisions or terms of this Exhibit pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). The Company agrees to furnish an unredacted copy of the Exhibit to the SEC upon its request. 
 I tem 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 147 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

SURROZEN, INC. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Craig Parker 

Craig Parker 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Craig Parker 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Craig Parker 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Charles Williams 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Charles Williams 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D. 
 
 Chair of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Tim Kutzkey, Ph.D. 

/s/ Anna Berkenblit, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Anna Berkenblit, M.D. 

/s/ Christopher Chai 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Christopher Chai 

/s/ David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D. 

/s/ Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D. 

/s/ Mace Rothenberg, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Mace Rothenberg, M.D. 

/s/ Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D. 

148 

<EX-4>
 2
 srzn-ex4_6.htm
 EX-4.6

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.6 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED WARRANT AGREEMENT 
 by and between 
 SURROZEN, INC. 
 and 
 CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY 
 As amended on March 31, 2023 
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED WARRANT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated March 31, 2023, is by and between Surrozen, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York limited purpose trust company, as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, on April 15, 2021, the Company entered into those certain Subscription Agreements with the Investors named therein pursuant to which certain investors (the Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of 12,020,000 units (the Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit. The Private Placement Units include an aggregate of 4,006,667 private placement warrants, bearing the legend set forth in Exhibit B hereto (the Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Unit includes one share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and one-third of one Private Placement Warrant. The Private Placement Units were offered to facilitate the subscriptions; however, the shares of Common Stock and the Private Placement Warrants which comprise the Private Placement Units are not attached and trade separately without any instruction or detachment obligations on the part of the Investors, the Company or the Warrant Agent. Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein and only whole Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable; 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Warrant Agent originally entered into a Warrant Agreement dated August 11, 2021 (the Original Warrant Agreement ), and wish to amend and restate the Original Warrant Agreement, which amendment and restatement requires the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders (as defined in Section 2.3.2 below) of fifty percent (50 of the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants; 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement, as amended, has been approved by the requisite number of Registered Holders required to approve this Agreement, as amended. 
 WHEREAS, on November 9, 2021, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission declared effective a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-259496) containing a prospectus (the Prospectus ), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the shares of Common Stock included in the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants (collectively, the Private Placement Securities ); and 

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Private Placement Warrants; and 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Private Placement Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the holders of the Private Placement Warrants; and 
 WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Private Placement Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf of the Warrant Agent (if a physical certificate is issued), as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement; and 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Appointment of Warrant Agent . The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Private Placement Warrants, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

2. Warrants . 

2.1. Form of Warrant . Each Private Placement Warrant shall initially be issued in registered form only. 

2.2. Effect of Countersignature . If a physical certificate is issued, unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a certificated Private Placement Warrant shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof. 

2.3. Registration . 

2.3.1. Warrant Register . The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register ), for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Private Placement Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Private Placement Warrants in book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall issue and register the Private Placement Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Private Placement Warrants, as applicable, shall be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership shall be effected through, records maintained by institutions that have accounts with The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary (such institution, with respect to a Private Placement Warrant in its account, a Participant ). 

If the Depositary subsequently ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the applicable Private Placement Warrants, the Company may instruct the Warrant Agent regarding making other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Private Placement Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary to have the Private Placement Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depositary to deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each book-entry Private Placement Warrant, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to the Depositary definitive certificates in physical form evidencing such Private 
 2 

Placement Warrants Definitive Warrant Certificates which shall be in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A . 
 Physical certificates, if issued, shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or other principal officer of the Company. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Private Placement Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Private Placement Warrant before such Private Placement Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance. 
 2.3.2. Registered Holder . Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Private Placement Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Private Placement Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register (the Registered Holder as the absolute owner of such Private Placement Warrants represented thereby, for the purpose of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

2.4. Separate Trading of Stock and Private Placement Warrants . The shares of Common Stock and Private Placement Warrants comprising the Private Placement Units shall trade separately. The Common Stock and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the Nasdaq ). 

2.5. Fractional Warrants . The Company shall not issue fractional Private Placement Warrants other than as part of the Private Placement Units. 

3. Terms and Exercise of Warrants . 

3.1. Warrant Price . Each whole Private Placement Warrant shall entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions of such Private Placement Warrant and of this Agreement, to purchase from the Company the number of shares of Common Stock stated therein, at the price of 11.50 per share, subject to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof and in the last sentence of this Section 3.1 . The term Warrant Price as used in this Agreement shall mean the price per share (including in cash or by payment of Private Placement Warrants pursuant to a cashless exercise, to the extent permitted hereunder) described in the prior sentence at which shares of Common Stock may be purchased at the time a Private Placement Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) for a period of not less than fifteen (15) Business Days (defined as any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday, on which banks in New York City are generally open for normal business) (unless otherwise required by the Commission, any national securities exchange on which the Private Placement Warrants are listed or applicable law); provided that the Company shall provide at least five (5) days prior written notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants; and provided further , that any such reduction shall be identical among all of the Private Placement Warrants and those certain other warrants issued by the Company under that certain Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249394) declared effective by the Commission on November 18, 2021 (the IPO Warrants in connection with the Company s initial public offering (the IPO ). 

3.2. Duration of Warrants . A Private Placement Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise Period commencing on November 23, 2021 and terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on August 12, 2026 (the date that that is five (5) years after the date of the Original Warrant Agreement) (the Expiration Date ); provided, however , that the exercise of any Private Placement Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in 

3 

subsection 3.3.2 below, with respect to an effective registration statement or a valid exemption therefrom being available. Private Placement Warrants not exercised on or before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Private Placement Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any such extension to Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants and, provided further that any such extension shall be identical in duration among all of the Private Placement Warrants and the IPO Warrants. 

3.3. Exercise of Warrants . 

3.3.1. Payment . Subject to the provisions of the Private Placement Warrant and this Agreement, a Private Placement Warrant may be exercised by the Registered Holder thereof by delivering to the Warrant Agent at its corporate trust department (i) the Definitive Warrant Certificate evidencing the Private Placement Warrants to be exercised, or, in the case of a Private Placement Warrant represented by a book-entry, the Private Placement Warrants to be exercised (the Book-Entry Warrants on the records of the Depositary to an account of the Warrant Agent at the Depositary designated for such purposes in writing by the Warrant Agent to the Depositary from time to time, (ii) an election to purchase Election to Purchase any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Private Placement Warrant, properly completed and executed by the Registered Holder on the reverse of the Definitive Warrant Certificate or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant, properly delivered by the Participant in accordance with the Depositary s procedures, and (iii) the payment in full of the Warrant Price for each share of Common Stock as to which the Private Placement Warrant is exercised and any and all applicable taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Private Placement Warrant, the exchange of the Private Placement Warrant for the shares of Common Stock and the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, in lawful money of the United States, in good certified check or good bank draft payable to the order of the Warrant Agent or as provided in Section 7.4 hereof. 

3.3.2. Issuance of Shares on Exercise . As soon as practicable after the exercise of any Private Placement Warrant and the clearance of the funds in payment of the Warrant Price (unless exercised pursuant to Section 7.4 ), the Company shall issue to the Registered Holder of such Private Placement Warrant a book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it on the register of members of the Company, and if such Private Placement Warrant shall not have been exercised in full, a new book-entry position or countersigned Private Placement Warrant, as applicable, for the number of shares as to which such Private Placement Warrant shall not have been exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Private Placement Warrant and shall have no obligation to settle such Private Placement Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company s satisfying its obligations under Section 7.4 or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Private Placement Warrant shall be exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Private Placement Warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered Holder of the Private Placement Warrants. Subject to Section 4.5 of this Agreement, a Registered Holder of Private Placement Warrants may exercise its Private Placement Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. The Company may require holders of Private Placement Warrants registered on an effective registration statement to settle the Private Placement Warrant on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 

4 

7.4 . If, by reason of any exercise of Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis , the holder of any Private Placement Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Private Placement Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to such holder. 

3.3.3. Valid Issuance . All shares of Common Stock issued upon the proper exercise of a Private Placement Warrant in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

3.3.4. Date of Issuance . Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for shares of Common Stock is issued and who is registered in the register of members of the Company shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares of Common Stock on the date on which the Private Placement Warrant, or book-entry position representing such Private Placement Warrant, was surrendered and payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Private Placement Warrant, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date when the register of members of the Company or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the holder of such shares at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books or book-entry system are open. 

3.3.5. Maximum Percentage. A holder of a Private Placement Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this subsection 3.3.5 ; however , no holder of a Private Placement Warrant shall be subject to this subsection 3.3.5 ; unless he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holder s Private Placement Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Private Placement Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the Warrant Agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (the Maximum Percentage of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock that would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of the Private Placement Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred shares or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). For purposes of the Private Placement Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as transfer agent (in such capacity, the Transfer Agent ), setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the holder of the Private Placement Private Placement Warrant, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally and in writing to such holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates since the date as of which such number of issued and 

5 

outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the holder of a Private Placement Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided, however , that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. 

4. Adjustments . 

4.1. Share Capitalizations . 

4.1.1. Sub-Divisions . If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.5 below, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a capitalization or share dividend of shares of Common Stock, or by a sub-division of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization or share dividend, sub-divisions or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Private Placement Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of shares of Common Stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price less than the Historical Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a share dividend of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the Historical Fair Market Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.1 , (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, in determining the price payable for shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) Historical Fair Market Value means the volume weighted average price of the shares of Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued at less than their par value. 

4.1.2. Extraordinary Dividends . If the Company, at any time while the Private Placement Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays to all or substantially all of the holders of the shares of Common Stock a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares into which the Private Placement Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1 above or (b) Cash Dividends (as defined below), any such non-excluded event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary Dividend , then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by the Company s board of directors (the Board ), in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Common Stock in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.2 , Cash Dividends means any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares of Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Private Placement Warrant but only with respect to the amount of aggregate cash dividends and cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share of Common Stock). 

6 

4.2. Aggregation of Shares . If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.5 hereof, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Private Placement Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

4.3. Adjustments in Exercise Price . Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants is adjusted, as provided in subsection 4.1.1 or Section 4.2 above, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

4.4. [Reserved.] 

4.5. Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc . In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change under Section 4.1 or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Private Placement Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Private Placement Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Private Placement Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Private Placement Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event (the Alternative Issuance ); provided, however , that (i) if the holders of the shares of Common Stock were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which each Private Placement Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the shares of Common Stock in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and (ii) if a tender, exchange or redemption offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of the shares of Common Stock (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders of the Company as provided for in the Company s certificate of incorporation under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than fifty percent (50 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, the holder of a Private Placement Warrant shall be entitled to receive as the Alternative Issuance, the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such Private Placement Warrant holder had exercised the 

7 

Private Placement Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the shares of Common Stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in this Section 4 ; provided further that if less than seventy percent (70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of the shares of Common Stock in the applicable event is payable in the form of shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises the Private Placement Warrant within thirty (30) days following the public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) (but in no event less than zero) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Private Placement Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black- Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets (assuming zero dividends) Bloomberg ). For purposes of calculating such amount, (i) Section 6 of this Agreement shall be taken into account, (ii) the price of each share of Common Stock shall be the volume weighted average price of the shares of Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the applicable event, (iii) the assumed volatility shall be the ninety (90) day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined as of the trading day immediately prior to the day of the announcement of the applicable event and (iv) the assumed risk-free interest rate shall correspond to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the Private Placement Warrant. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the shares of Common Stock consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per share of Common Stock, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the shares of Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the applicable event. If any reclassification or reorganization also results in a change in shares of Common Stock covered by subsection 4.1.1 , then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to subsection 4.1.1 or Section 4.3 and this Section 4.5 . The provisions of this Section 4.5 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event shall the Warrant Price be reduced to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrant. 

4.6. Notices of Changes in Warrant . Upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant, the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of a Private Placement Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Section 4.1 , Section 4.3 or Section 4.5 , the Company shall give written notice of the occurrence of such event to each holder of a Private Placement Warrant, at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register, of the record date or the effective date of the event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such event. 

4.7. No Fractional Shares . Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional shares upon the exercise of Private Placement Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4 , the holder of any Private Placement Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Private Placement Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to such holder. 

8 

4.8. Form of Warrant . The form of Private Placement Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4 , and Private Placement Warrants issued after such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of shares as is stated in the Private Placement Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form of Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Private Placement Warrant thereafter issued or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Private Placement Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed. 

5. Transfer and Exchange of Warrants . 

5.1. Registration of Transfer . The Warrant Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Private Placement Warrant by cancelling such warrant from the Warrant Register upon surrender of such Private Placement Warrant for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, IPO Warrants representing an equal aggregate number of Private Placement Warrants shall be issued and the old Private Placement Warrant shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent and registered as such on the register for the IPO Warrants. In the case of certificated Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant Agent to the Company from time to time upon request. 

5.2. Procedure for Surrender of Warrants . Private Placement Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for transfer, and thereupon the Private Placement Warrants shall cease to be Private Placement Warrants under this Agreement and the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more IPO Warrants as requested by the Registered Holder of the Private Placement Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of IPO Warrants; provided, however , that except as otherwise provided herein or with respect to any book-entry Private Placement Warrant, each book-entry Private Placement Warrant may be transferred only in whole and only to the Depositary, to another nominee of the Depositary, to a successor depository, or to a nominee of a successor depository; provided further , however that in the event that a Private Placement Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Private Placement Warrant and issue an IPO Warrant in exchange thereof until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new IPO Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend. 

5.3. Fractional Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in the issuance of a warrant certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a warrant, except as part of the Private Placement Units. 

5.4. Service Charges . No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Private Placement Warrants. 

5.5. Warrant Execution and Countersignature . The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the IPO Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5 and the Company, whenever required by the Warrant Agent, shall supply the Warrant Agent with IPO Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose. 

9 

6. Redemption . 

6.1. Redemption of Private Placement Warrants for Cash . Not less than all of the outstanding Private Placement Warrants may be redeemed, at the option of the Company, at any time from and after the 366 day anniversary of the date of this Agreement and on or prior to the Expiration Date, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants, as described in Section 6.3 below, at a Redemption Price of 0.01 per Private Placement Warrant, provided that (a) the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof) and (b) there is an effective registration statement covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the thirty (30)-day Redemption Period (as defined in Section 6.3 below). 

6.2. Redemption of Warrants for Shares . Not less than all of the outstanding Private Placement Warrants may be redeemed, at the option of the Company, at any time from and after the 366 day anniversary of the date of this Agreement and on or prior to the Expiration Date, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants, as described in Section 6.3 below, at a Redemption Price of 0.10 per Private Placement Warrant, provided that (i) the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof and (ii) if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof), the IPO Warrants and those certain other privately placed warrants issued by the Company in connection with the IPO are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Private Placement Warrants (subject to the terms and conditions of that certain Warrant Agreement entered into between the Company and the Warrant Agent dated November 18, 2020). During the thirty (30)-day Redemption Period in connection with a redemption pursuant to this Section 6.2 , Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants may elect to exercise their Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis and receive a number of shares of Common Stock determined by reference to the table below, based on the Redemption Date (calculated for purposes of the table as the period to expiration of the Private Placement Warrants) and the Redemption Fair Market Value (as such term is defined in this Section 6.2 (a Make-Whole Exercise ). Solely for purposes of this Section 6.2 , the Redemption Fair Market Value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the shares of Common Stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately following the date on which notice of redemption pursuant to this Section 6.2 is sent to the Registered Holders. In connection with any redemption pursuant to this Section 6.2 , the Company shall provide the Registered Holders with the Redemption Fair Market Value no later than one (1) Business Day after the ten (10) trading day period described above ends. 

Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 

60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 

57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 

54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 

51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 

48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 

45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 

42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 

39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 

36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 

10 

33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 

30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 

27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 

24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 

21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 

18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 

15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 

12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 

9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 

6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 

3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 

0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact Redemption Fair Market Value and Redemption Date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the Redemption Fair Market Value is between two values in the table or the Redemption Date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued for each Private Placement Warrant exercised in a Make-Whole Exercise shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower Redemption Fair Market Values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable. 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table above shall be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant or the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to Section 4 hereof. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant is adjusted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the adjusted share prices in the column headings shall equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares of Common Stock in the table above shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant. If the Exercise Price of a Private Placement Warrant is adjusted pursuant to Section 4.1.2 hereof, the adjusted share prices in the column headings shall equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment less the decrease in the Exercise Price pursuant to such Exercise Price adjustment. In no event shall the number of shares of Common Stock issued in connection with a Make-Whole Exercise exceed 0.361 shares of Common Stock per Private Placement Warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 6.3. Date Fixed for, and Notice of, Redemption; Redemption Price; Reference Value . In the event that the Company elects to redeem the Private Placement Warrants pursuant to Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 , the Company shall fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date ). Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption Date (the 30-day Redemption Period to the Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they shall appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Registered Holder received such notice. As used in this Agreement, (a) Redemption Price shall mean the price per Private Placement Warrant at which any Private Placement Warrants are redeemed pursuant to Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 and (b) Reference Value shall mean the 

11 

last reported sales price of the shares of Common Stock for any twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given. 

6.4. Exercise After Notice of Redemption . The Private Placement Warrants may be exercised for cash (or on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 6.2 of this Agreement) at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company pursuant to Section 6.3 hereof and prior to the Redemption Date. On and after the Redemption Date, the record holder of the Private Placement Warrants shall have no further rights except to receive, upon surrender of the Private Placement Warrants, the Redemption Price. 

7. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants . 

7.1. No Rights as Stockholder . A Private Placement Warrant does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or the appointment of directors of the Company or any other matter. 

7.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants . If any Private Placement Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Private Placement Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Private Placement Warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Private Placement Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Private Placement Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Private Placement Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone. 

7.3. Reservation of Shares . The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Private Placement Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

7.4. Registration of Shares; Cashless Exercise at Company s Option . 

7.4.1. Registration of the Shares . The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty (20) Business Days after the date hereof, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Private Placement Securities. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within sixty (60) Business Days following the date hereof and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the sixtieth (60 th Business Day following the date hereof, holders of the Private Placement Warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning on the sixty-first (61 st Business Day after the date hereof and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the Commission, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, to exercise such Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis, by exchanging the Private Placement Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption) for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants, multiplied by the 

12 

excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) over the Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value and (B) 0.361. Solely for purposes of this subsection 7.4.1 , Fair Market Value shall mean the average last reported sales price of the shares of Common Stock for the ten (10) trading day period ending on the third (3 rd trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent from the holder of such Private Placement Warrants or its securities broker or intermediary. The date that notice of cashless exercise is received by the Warrant Agent shall be conclusively determined by the Warrant Agent. In connection with the cashless exercise of a Private Placement Warrant, the Company shall, upon request, provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion of counsel for the Company (which shall be an outside law firm with securities law experience) stating that (i) the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with this subsection 7.4.1 is not required to be registered under the Securities Act and (ii) the shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise shall be freely tradable under United States federal securities laws by anyone who is not an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Company and, accordingly, shall not be required to bear a restrictive legend. Except as provided in subsection 7.4.2 , for the avoidance of doubt, unless and until all of the Private Placement Warrants have been exercised or have expired, the Company shall continue to be obligated to comply with its registration obligations under the first three sentences of this subsection 7.4.1 . 

7.4.2. Cashless Exercise at Company s Option . If the shares of Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a Private Placement Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, (i) require holders of such Private Placement Warrants who exercise such Private Placement Warrants to exercise such Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as described in subsection 7.4.1 and (ii) in the event the Company so elects, the Company shall (x) not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and (y) use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

8. Concerning the Warrant Agent and Other Matters . 

8.1. Payment of Taxes . The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Private Placement Warrants or such shares. 

8.2. Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent . 

8.2.1. Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent . The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of a Private Placement Warrant (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Private Placement Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Private Placement Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Company s 

13 

cost. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation or other entity organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the United States of America, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations. 

8.2.2. Notice of Successor Warrant Agent . In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock not later than the effective date of any such appointment. 

8.2.3. Merger or Consolidation of Warrant Agent . Any entity into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this Agreement without any further act. 

8.3. Fees and Expenses of Warrant Agent . 

8.3.1. Remuneration . The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and shall, pursuant to its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder. 

8.3.2. Further Assurances . The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement. 

8.4. Liability of Warrant Agent . 

8.4.1. Reliance on Company Statement . Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 

8.4.2. Indemnity . The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, out-of-pocket costs and reasonable outside counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of 

14 

this Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agent s gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. 

8.4.3. E xclusions . The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Private Placement Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Private Placement Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to make any adjustments required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, method, or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Private Placement Warrant or as to whether any shares of Common Stock shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable. 

8.5. Acceptance of Agency . The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Private Placement Warrants exercised and concurrently account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of shares of Common Stock through the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants. 

8.6. Waiver . The Warrant Agent has no right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Warrant Agent hereby waives any and all Claims against the Trust Account and any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account. 

9. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

9.1. Successors . All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns. 

9.2. Notices . Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Private Placement Warrant to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows: 

Surrozen, Inc. 171 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 400 
 South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 with a copy to: 
 Cooley LLP 3175 Hanover St 
 15 

Palo Alto, CA 94304 Attention: John T. McKenna 
 Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Private Placement Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company), as follows: 
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company One State Street, 30th Floor 
 New York, NY 10004 
 Attention: Compliance Department 
 9.3. Applicable Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Private Placement Warrants shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York. Subject to applicable law, the Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or related to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Private Placement Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 9.3 . If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any Private Placement Warrant holder, such Private Placement Warrant holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such Private Placement Warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Private Placement Warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such Private Placement Warrant holder. 
 9.4. Persons Having Rights under this Agreement . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person, corporation or other entity other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Private Placement Warrants. 

9.5. Examination of the Warrant Agreement . A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in the United States of America, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Private Placement Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require any such holder to submit such holder s Private Placement Warrant for inspection by the Warrant Agent. 

16 

9.6. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

9.7. Effect of Headings . The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof. 

9.8. Amendments . This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Private Placement Warrants and this Agreement set forth in the Prospectus, or defective provision contained herein, (ii) amending the definition of Cash Dividend as contemplated by and in accordance with the second sentence of subsection 4.1.2 that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the rights of the Registered Holders under this Agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the rights of the Registered Holders under this Agreement. All other modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period, to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, shall require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of fifty percent (50 of the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to Section 3.1 and Section 3.2 , respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders. 

9.9. Severability . This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable. 

[ Signature page to follow ] 
 17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 SURROZEN, INC. 
 By: 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY, as Warrant Agent 
 By: 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of Warrant Certificate 

[FACE] 
 Number 
 Warrants 
 THIS WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW 
 Surrozen, Inc. 
 a Delaware Corporation 
 CUSIP 86889P117 
 Warrant Certificate 
 This Warrant Certificate certifies that [ ], or registered assigns, is the registered holder of [ ] warrant(s) (the Warrants and each, a Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, of Surrozen, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Each Warrant entitles the holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Exercise Price as determined pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) of the United States of America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the Exercise Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement. 
 Each whole Warrant is initially exercisable for one fully paid and non-assessable share of Common Stock. Fractional shares shall not be issued upon exercise of any Warrant. If, upon the exercise of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Warrant Agreement. 
 The initial Exercise Price per one share of Common Stock for any Warrant is equal to 11.50 per share. The Exercise Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Warrant Agreement. 
 Subject to the conditions set forth in the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not exercised by the end of such Exercise Period, such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, as set forth in the Warrant Agreement. 
 Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

This Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement. This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 
 
 SURROZEN, INC. 
 By: /s/ Charles Williams 	 
 Name: Charles Williams 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY, AS WARRANT AGENT 
 By: /s/ Henry Farrell 	 
 Name: Henry Farrell 
 Title: Vice President 

[Form of Warrant Certificate] 
 [Reverse] 
 The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive [ ] shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, and are issued or to be issued pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of August 11, 2021, as amended on March [ ], 2023 (the Warrant Agreement ), duly executed and delivered by the Company to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent ), which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the words holders or holder meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder, respectively) of the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement. 
 Warrants may be exercised at any time during the Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise them by surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of Election to Purchase set forth hereon properly completed and executed, together with payment of the Exercise Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised. 
 Notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act and (ii) a prospectus thereunder relating to the shares of Common Stock is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement. 
 The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain events the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants set forth on the face hereof may, subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the holder of the Warrant. 
 Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative or attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants. 
 Upon due presentation for registration of transfer of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company. 
 Election to Purchase (To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant) 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive [ ] shares of Common Stock and herewith tenders payment for such shares of Common Stock to the order of Surrozen, Inc. (the Company in the amount of [ ] in accordance with the terms hereof. The undersigned requests that a certificate for such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of [ ], whose address is [ ] and that such shares of Common Stock be delivered to [ ] whose address is [ ]. If said [ ] number of shares of Common Stock is less than all of the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of [ ], whose address is [ ] and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to [ ], whose address is [ ]. 
 In the event that the Warrant has been called for redemption by the Company pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Warrant Agreement and a holder thereof elects to exercise its Warrant pursuant to a Make-Whole Exercise, the number of shares of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.1(c) or Section 6.2 of the Warrant Agreement, as applicable. 
 In the event that the Warrant is a Private Placement Warrant that is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(c) of the Warrant Agreement, the number of shares of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.1(c) of the Warrant Agreement. 
 In the event that the Warrant is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of shares of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement. 
 In the event that the Warrant may be exercised, to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of shares of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for such cashless exercise and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive shares of Common Stock. If said number of shares is less than all of the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder (after giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of [ ], whose address is [ ] and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to [ ], whose address is [ ]. 
 [Signature Page Follows] 
 Date: [ ], 20[ ] 
 	 
 (Signature) 
 (Address) 
 (Tax Identification Number) 
 Signature Guaranteed:	 
 THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED). 

EXHIBIT B 
 Legend 
 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG SURROZEN, INC. (FORMERLY, CONSONANCE-HFW ACQUISITION CORP.) (THE COMPANY ), CONSONANCE LIFE SCIENCES AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT. 
 SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AGREEMENT EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY. 
 NO. [ ] WARRANT 

</EX-4>

<EX-4>
 3
 srzn-ex4_7.htm
 EX-4.7

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.7 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following is a summary description of the securities of Surrozen, Inc. and is based on the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, or the Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws, or the Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL. This information may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which this exhibit is attached, and the applicable provisions of the DGCL. 
 General 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our common stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights, and are not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 If we become subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to the stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable 
 All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock of our company entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of the holders of the preferred stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any certificate of designation filed with respect to any series of preferred stock. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with financings, possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, discouraging or preventing a change in control of our company, may adversely 

affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock, and may reduce the likelihood that common stockholders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. As of December 31, 2022, we have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. We have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Warrants 
 	As of December 31, 2022, there were 5,907,478 warrants to purchase common stock outstanding, consisting of 3,174,158 public warrants, or the Public Warrants, 2,733,320 PIPE warrants, or the PIPE Warrants, and there were no private placement warrants, or the Private Placement Warrants, outstanding. 
 Public Warrants 
 Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to that certain warrant agreement, dated November 18, 2020, by and between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, or the Continental Warrant Agreement, a Public Warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of common stock. This means only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised at a given time by a Public Warrant holder. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the shares and only whole Public Warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three shares, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole Public Warrant. The Public Warrants will expire on August 11, 2026 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 We will not be obligated to deliver any common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the common stock underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Public Warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a common stock upon exercise of a Public Warrant unless the common stock issuable upon such Public Warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the Public Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Public Warrant, the holder of such Public Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Public Warrant and such Public Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Public Warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised Public Warrants, the purchaser of a share containing such Public Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the share solely for the common stock underlying such unit. 
 We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to those common stock until the Public Warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the Continental Warrant Agreement; provided that if our common stock are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so appoint, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. 
 Redemption of Public Warrants for cash when the price per common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 . After the Public Warrants became exercisable, we may call the Public Warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the private placement Public Warrants): 
 in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given to the Public Warrant holders, or the Reference Value. 

We will not redeem the Public Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the Public Warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the Public Warrants. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the Public Warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the Public Warrants, each Public Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of our common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) Public Warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption of Public Warrants for Common Stock . when the price per common stock equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 
 in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per Public Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that during such 30 day period holders will be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; provided, further, that if the Public Warrants are not exercised on a cashless basis or otherwise during such 30 day period, we shall redeem such Public Warrants for 0.10 per share; 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of Public Warrants for Cash When the Price per Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day before we send the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders; and 

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the private placement Public Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

The numbers in the table below represent the number of common stock that a Public Warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their Public Warrants and such Public Warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per Public Warrant), determined based on volume-weighted average price of our common stock as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the Public Warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our Public Warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Public Warrant or the exercise price of the Public Warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Public Warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the Public Warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of the Public Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a Public Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a Public Warrant as so adjusted. 

Redemption date (period to expiration of Public Warrants) 
 Fair market value of Common Stock 

10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 

60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 

57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 

54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 

51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 

48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 

45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 

42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 

39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 

36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 

33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 

30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 

27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 

24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 

21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 

18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 

15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 

12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 

9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 

6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 

3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 

0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of common stock to be issued for each Public Warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted average price of our common stock as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the Public Warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their Public Warrants for 0.277 common stock for each whole Public Warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our common stock as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the Public Warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their Public Warrants for 0.298 common stock for each whole Public Warrant. In no event will the Public Warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 common stock per Public Warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding Public Warrants to be redeemed when our common stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our common stock is below the exercise price of the Public Warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the Public Warrants without the Public Warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Public Warrants for cash when the price per Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 . Holders choosing to exercise their Public Warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their Public Warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of any applicable prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding Public Warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the Public Warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to Public Warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the Public Warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the Public Warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the Public Warrants and pay the redemption price to the Public Warrant holders. 
 As stated above, we can redeem the Public Warrants when our common stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing 

Public Warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the Public Warrants when our common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the Public Warrants, this could result in the Public Warrant holders receiving fewer common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their Public Warrants for common stock if and when such common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 No fractional common stock will be issued upon exercise and only whole Public Warrants will trade. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of common stock to be issued to the holder. 
 A holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Public Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the Public Warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of our common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-dilution adjustments . If the number of outstanding common stock is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in common stock, or by a sub-divisions of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, sub-divisions or similar event, the number of common stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase common stock at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume-weighted average price of common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which our common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 If the number of outstanding common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of common stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding common stock. 
 Whenever the number of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the Public Warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the Public Warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Public Warrants and in lieu of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of common stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Public Warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the Public Warrant properly exercises the Public Warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the Public Warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Continental Warrant Agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the Continental Warrant Agreement) of the Public Warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the Public Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the Public Warrants pursuant to which the holders of the Public Warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Public Warrants. 

The Public Warrants will be issued in registered form under the Continental Warrant Agreement. The Continental Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the Continental Warrant Agreement to the description of the terms of the Public Warrants and the Continental Warrant Agreement set forth herein, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the Continental Warrant Agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the report to which this exhibit is attached, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the Public Warrants. 
 The Public Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive common stock. After the issuance of common stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 
 We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Continental Warrant Agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the U.S. of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 The Private Placement Warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be redeemable so long as they are held by Consonance Life Sciences, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, or the Sponsor, or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the Continental Warrant Agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. 
 If holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. The historical fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor and permitted transferees is because, as they remained affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market is limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 
 PIPE Warrants 
 	The PIPE Warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants) are the same in all respects as the Public Warrants as described above under Public Warrants , except that the PIPE Warrants were not redeemable prior to August 11, 2022. The PIPE Warrants are issued pursuant to that certain amended and restated warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us, dated as of March 22, 2023, or the PIPE Warrant Agreement. The PIPE Warrants may be converted into Public Warrants on transfer pursuant to the terms of the PIPE Warrant Agreement. A copy of the PIPE Warrant Agreement is filed as an exhibit to the report to which this exhibit is attached. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: 

before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following: 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 	The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws include a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team, including the following: 
 Board of Directors Vacancies . The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws authorize only the board of directors to fill vacant and newly created directorships, unless the board of directors determines by resolution that such vacancies or newly created directorships be filled by the stockholders, or as otherwise provided by law. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by the board of directors. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of the board of directors and then gaining control of the board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors but promotes continuity of management. 

Classified Board . The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the board of directors is divided into three classes of directors for a period of time following August 11, 2021. Beginning at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, all directors will be elected to one-year terms and the board of directors will cease to be classified. The existence of a classified board of directors could discourage a third-party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company as it is more difficult and time consuming for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors on a classified board of directors. 

Directors Removed Only for Cause . The Certificate of Incorporation provides that stockholders may remove directors only for cause while the board of directors remains classified. Beginning at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, directors may be removed with or without cause by the stockholders. 

Supermajority Requirements for Amendments of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws . The Certificate of Incorporation further provides that the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock will be required to amend certain provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board, removal of directors, special meetings, the liability of directors and indemnification. The affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock will be required to amend or repeal the Bylaws, although the Bylaws may be amended by a simple majority vote of our board of directors. 

Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders . The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the board of directors for adoption), the chairperson of the board of directors, or any chief executive officer, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that the stockholders may not take action by written consent, but may only take action at annual or special meetings of stockholders. As a result, holders of capital stock would not be able to amend the Bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of stockholders called in accordance with the Bylaws. These provisions might delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations . The Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before the annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at the annual meeting of stockholders. The Bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions might preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at the annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. 

No Cumulative Voting . The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws prohibit cumulative voting unless otherwise provided by law. 

Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock . Our board of directors will have the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated Preferred Stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock will enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or other means. 

Choice of Forum 
 The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws; (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws; (v) any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws further provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Furthermore, the 

enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation or bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision contained in the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 
 Corporate Opportunity Doctrine 
 The DGCL permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented to the corporation or its officers, directors or stockholders. The Certificate of Incorporation, to the extent permitted by the DGCL, renounces any interest or expectancy that we have in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities that are from time to time presented to a member of our board of directors who is not our employee, or any partner, member, director, stockholder, employee or agent of such member, other than one of our employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Certificate of Incorporation does not renounce our interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to a director solely in their capacity as a director. 
 Exchange Listing 
 Our common stock and public warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols SRZN and SRZNW, respectively. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our securities is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. The transfer agent s address is One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor New York, New York 10004. 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 4
 srzn-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SURROZEN, INC. 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Surrozen Operating, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Surrozen Netherlands, B.V. 
 Amsterdam 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 srzn-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-260858) pertaining to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Surrozen, Inc; and 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-268745) of Surrozen, Inc.; 

of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Surrozen, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Surrozen, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

San Francisco, California 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 srzn-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Craig Parker, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Surrozen, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Craig Parker 

Craig Parker 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 srzn-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Charles Williams, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Surrozen, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles Williams 

Charles Williams 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 srzn-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Surrozen, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Craig Parker 

Craig Parker 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 srzn-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Surrozen, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles Williams 

Charles Williams 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 33
 srzn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 34
 srzn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 35
 srzn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 36
 srzn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 37
 srzn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

