<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1846996_0001213900-23-024079.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4451210</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>545469</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>909001</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>892702</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1037900</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>944115</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024079.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329160552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MSD ACQUISITION CORP. / NEW
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40290
		FILM NUMBER:		23775231

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-303-7822

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024079.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_msdacquisition.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

MSD Acquisition Corp. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Not Applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant MSDAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share MSDAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The registrant s units began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC Nasdaq on March 25, 2021 and the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Class A
ordinary shares and warrants began trading separately on Nasdaq on May 25, 2021. The aggregate market value of the Class A ordinary
shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing
sales price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on Nasdaq, was (based on the closing sales price
of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.79). 

As of March 29, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CERTAIN TERMS 
 ii 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iv 
 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 v 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 54 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 54 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 

PART II 
 55 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 56 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 61 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 61 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 62 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 62 

PART III 
 63 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 71 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 75 

PART IV 
 76 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 76 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 76 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this
 Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted on March 24, 2021; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to time; 

company, we, us, our, MSDAC, or our company are to MSD Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

forward purchase agreement are to the agreement providing for the sale of the forward purchase units to MSD Partners in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination; 

forward purchase investor are to MSD Partners; 

forward purchase securities are to the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants; 

forward purchase shares are to Class A ordinary shares to be issued as part of the forward purchase units; 

forward purchase units are to the units consisting of one forward purchase share and one-fifth of one forward purchase warrant to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase warrants are to warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares to be issued as part of the forward purchase units; 

Founders are to Gregg Lemkau, our Chief Executive Officer and John Phelan, our Chairman; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial public offering are to the company s offering on May 12, 2021 of 57,500,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. 

ii 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

MSD Capital are to MSD Capital, L.P., the family office of Michael Dell and his family; 

MSD Partners are to MSD Partners, L.P., an SEC registered investment adviser formed by partners of MSD Capital; 

ordinary resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and to be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

special resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

sponsor are to MSD Sponsor Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of MSD Partners; and 

Strategic Advisor are to Michael Dell. 

iii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the statements contained in this Report may constitute forward-looking
statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition,
any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

the proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase units being available to us; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on
our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that
future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
(some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors
described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors 
may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and
developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements
contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry
in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not
be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iv 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

The following is a summary
of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that
the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known
 to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary
should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk
Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our management team, MSD Capital, or MSD Partners or any of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the business we may acquire. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

v 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after this Report, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our initial public offering including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with
 which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and
 the status of debt and equity markets. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws
 and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination and results
 of operations. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and additional sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in markets around the world. 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

The other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 

vi 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We are a blank check company, incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business
combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. We have not yet
identified any potential business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target. 

Our Forward Purchase Agreement and Committed Capital 

We believe our ability to complete our initial business combination
will be enhanced by the additional security we bring by the forward purchase agreement we entered into with the forward purchase investor
pursuant to which the forward purchase investor has agreed to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 50,000,000 of forward purchase units.
Each forward purchase unit will consist of one Class A ordinary share, or a forward purchase share, and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase
one Class A ordinary share, or a forward purchase warrant, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, and will be sold in a private placement
concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The amount of forward purchase units sold pursuant to the forward purchase
agreement will be subject to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. 

The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class
A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the initial public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration
rights. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by the forward
purchase investor or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

We believe our committed capital ensures alignment with shareholders
and will make us more attractive to a potential business combination target. 

Our Business Strategy 

Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire
 and after our initial business combination serve as a trusted, long-term partner to accelerate a company s growth
in the public markets. Our Founders and the MSD Partners investment team have had success in investing across the public and private markets,
scaling businesses, and generating long-term value for shareholders. We believe that leveraging our strengths, specifically our team s
deep network, sector-specific expertise, and operational proficiency, will enable us to identify a range of attractive partnership opportunities
for the company. 

We believe MSDAC can leverage its strengths to bring to market a best-in-class publicly
traded asset: 

Unparalleled relationships and experience across high-growth industries : Mr. Lemkau s experience leading the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs provides MSDAC with an extensive relationship network of corporations, entrepreneurs, management teams, private equity firms, growth equity investors, and venture capital firms. He has led a variety of prominent transactions for leading companies in high-growth sectors such as technology, media, and healthcare. Mr. Phelan and the MSD Partners team have a 22-year history of investing across companies capital structures at various stages of their life cycle. Mr. Phelan and MSD Partners have built extensive and deep relationships with public and private companies, management teams, entrepreneurs, venture capital, growth equity, private equity, public equity, and other institutional investors. These relationships have resulted in equity and credit investments in companies that have spanned many industries and different stages of growth, including the Dell Technologies go-private, Nginx, Workday, Palantir Technologies, Docusign, Ultimate Fighting Championship, WIRB Copernicus Group, DiscoverOrg (ZoomInfo), Airbnb, Owl Rock, and Hayward Holdings. 

1 

Track record of value creation : MSD Partners and MSD Capital together have over two decades of investment experience and have generated billions of dollars of investment profits. We believe we will benefit from MSD Partners strong reputation in the marketplace and institutional platform with experienced investment, risk management, and infrastructure personnel. MSD Partners has extensive experience across high-growth sectors, including technology and media. We are further differentiated by Mr. Lemkau s experience helping establish the Growth Investing Committee of the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs. Since the establishment of the Growth Investing Committee, the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs has made multiple pre-IPO investments in high-growth and technology companies. 

Reputation as a partner of choice : We believe that the combination of MSD Partners reputation as a trusted and value-added partner with a long-term investment horizon and deep network of relationships and the support of our Strategic Advisor, Michael Dell, position us as a preferred investment partner to management teams and founders. MSD Partners strong reputation has allowed it to cultivate relationships with entrepreneurs, management teams, private equity sponsors, venture capital sponsors, family offices, high net worth individuals, intermediaries, and former partners with whom our team has invested. Together with MSD Partners reputation as a patient and constructive investor, of these relationships will enable MSDAC to identify unique transaction opportunities. 

Multi-strategy capabilities across MSD Partners : MSD Partners cross-asset platform and team-oriented culture have helped generate attractive investment opportunities across its investment platforms in the past. MSD Partners and MSD Capital have invested in public and private equity, public and private credit, and real estate for over 20 years. MSD Partners integrated, multi-strategy structure allows it to quickly understand business models and evaluate a diverse set of investment opportunities across industries and cycles. MSD Partners evaluates hundreds of private and public investments each year. In addition, MSD Partners has developed significant experience evaluating SPAC PIPE financing opportunities over the last five years. Since 2019 alone, MSD Partners has evaluated over 30 PIPE financing transactions for potential SPAC combinations. MSD Partners credit team has also provided financing to well-known sponsors in the growth equity and venture capital arena. We believe MSD Partners relationships with these institutions will be additive to our search for an attractive target. 

Ability to effect real business transformation and growth : Our team has unique capabilities to improve business operations following a combination. MSD Partners and our management team will not only help to identify potential targets, but also to scale the business post-combination, and deploy capital thoughtfully. We believe our team s extensive operating network will be invaluable in furthering a company s growth following the completion of our initial business combination. We will offer potential targets expertise, vision, and resources to help them grow their business. We intend to improve operations through our team s network of relationships, including our Board members, management team and operational advisors expertise. 

Extensive public markets experience : Our team has extensive experience in helping companies successfully navigate the capital markets, particularly advising high-growth companies and executing on their transition from the private to public markets. Mr. Lemkau has assisted many high-growth and technology companies on the transition to the public markets during his tenure at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Phelan and MSD Partners have taken a long-term, private equity-like approach to the public markets, investing alongside high-quality management teams with whom we endeavor to build positive working relationships. Our Strategic Advisor and members of our Board have extensive experience leading and navigating companies through the transition from the private to public markets. 

2 

Disciplined and opportunistic investment approach grounded in fundamental analysis : MSD Partners employs a rigorous, bottom-up approach to investing and underwriting. The firm prefers to be patient and disciplined in deploying capital and avoids compromising its underwriting standards. MSD Partners was founded to focus on long-term value creation, which remains a key tenet of its corporate culture today. MSD Partners mission statement states, in part, that [t]he purpose of [MSD Partners] is to make investments that consistently generate superior absolute risk-adjusted returns over the long-term. [MSD Partners evaluates] investment opportunities by utilizing multi-disciplinary frameworks of analysis to generate thoughtful and robust investment theses. [MSD Partners is] motivated by an intense curiosity to grasp the underlying truths that govern financial markets and economic behavior. [MSD Partners notes] that these truths may be contrary to the consensus view, but [MSD Partners believes] that [its] discipline as independent thinkers will allow [it] to identify these truths and secure long-term success. MSD Partners team-oriented culture is grounded in independent thinking, robust analysis, thorough diligence, and significant time spent with management. 

Market Opportunity 

We believe now is a particularly attractive time to pursue a business
combination. By historical standards, the recent number of annual new public listings in the US is low, and there are currently more privately
owned companies than public companies. Many of these companies are continuing to experience rapid growth. 

Companies that choose to list publicly during their growth phase stand
to benefit from greater brand awareness, broader capital markets access, added certainty around funding growth initiatives, additional
means to incentivize employees, a currency to facilitate growth via acquisitions, and an ability to partner with and select key shareholders
when they go public. Despite this, many emerging companies are hesitant to approach the initial public offering process as it requires
significant time from the management team and financial commitment from the company. 

Our Acquisition Criteria 

We believe our investment philosophy s core pillars will resonate
with public market investors. We are focused on partnering with businesses that are well-positioned to benefit from the broad network
and strategic expertise of our Founders, management team, Strategic Advisor, Board, and sponsor. Consistent with our business strategy,
the following criteria and guidelines will be used when evaluating acquisition opportunities, but these criteria and guidelines are not
exhaustive or absolute. While not limited to any sector, we expect our focus on high-growth companies will inevitably lead to opportunities
in the technology and media sectors. We may ultimately decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target that does not
meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Market leader with a proven business model . We will seek to acquire a scaled, multibillion-dollar business with a leading market position in its industry. We intend to prioritize companies that operate in winner takes all or winner takes most industries. We are focused on businesses that are prepared to make the transition to public markets and would potentially benefit from having a public currency to accelerate growth. 

Sustainable competitive advantage . As long-term investors with an extensive investment history, our team has seen many businesses and industries change over time. MSD Partners and our management team s experience has taught us that differentiated businesses with sustainable competitive advantages or moats are best positioned to grow, withstand competition, maintain their unit economics, and create value over the long-term. 

Large addressable market and runway for growth . We will seek to acquire a company that has significant room to grow. We will prioritize companies that operate in large addressable markets with favorable secular tailwinds and substantial barriers to entry. Ideally, we prefer a business at the front end of the disruption curve in its market which will fuel a positive long-term growth trajectory. 

Robust economic model with predictable, recurring revenue . We will focus on acquiring a business with predictable and recurring revenue streams and profit margins, with limited sensitivity to macroeconomic cycles. Our ideal target businesses will have strong unit economics, thereby demonstrating an opportunity to generate healthy and sustainable returns on invested capital over time, and the potential to grow into free cash flow compounders. 

Strong management team . We will seek to acquire a company with a world-class management team with a proven track record of value creation for investors. We believe that entrepreneurial, economically aligned, and operationally savvy management teams are best positioned to generate outsized returns for shareholders. 

3 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive
due diligence review to seek to determine a company s quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among
other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant
industry experts, competitors, customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part
of our analysis of a target company. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, management team, or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, management team or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company and unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 

The Strategic Advisor is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Dell Technologies. We do not intend to pursue an initial business combination with a company that is in a business directly related to
any of the principal businesses in which Dell Technologies operates. 

Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary
shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each
member of our management team may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

We have not selected any specific business combination target and we
have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

Each of our directors, our management team, and our Strategic Advisor
presently has and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which
such individual is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our management team, directors,
or Strategic Advisor becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity.
We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our management team, directors, or Strategic Advisor
will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our Founders, management team, sponsor, directors, and Strategic Advisor
may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business
combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event
there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, our Founders, sponsor, management team, directors, and
Strategic Advisor are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. 

4 

Initial Business Combination 

We must consummate our initial business combination with one or more
operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the
amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time
of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple
businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the
case. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board
of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent
accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that
the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own or acquire shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity
interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a
transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or
issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such
cases, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new
shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares
subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or
businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired
by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target
business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

We may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with
one or more entities affiliated with MSD Capital, MSD Partners and/or one or more investors in funds managed by MSD Partners, which we
refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time
of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class
of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers,
as a specified future issuance throughout this Report. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future
issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to
do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B ordinary
shares, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial shareholders and
their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary
shares outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the
holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified
future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B ordinary shares
at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is
not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B ordinary shares, but
would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future
issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our ordinary shares. 

We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to
voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated
under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the
Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

5 

Corporate Information 

Our executive offices are located at One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor,
New York, New York 10017 and our telephone number is (212) 303-1650. Our corporate website address is www.msdacquisitioncorp.com. Our
website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in,
and is not considered part of, this Report or the registration statement of which this Report forms a part. You should not rely on any
such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second
fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year
period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the
market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman
Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions
of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government
that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date
of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations
will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in
the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii)
by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders
or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

6 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination
partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public
offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target
business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary
shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration
to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method
to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly
longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public
offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business
combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the
target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability
to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative
valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of
providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions.
Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and
aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management team s
backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company,
such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the
JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250,000,000 as of
the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100,000,000 during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount
of 554,915,654, after payment of the estimated expenses of our initial public offering and 20,125,000 of deferred underwriting fees,
we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able
to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the
flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to
fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will
be available to us. 

7 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination: General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations
for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placements warrants, our equity, debt or a combination
of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements
we may enter into). We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable
or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt,
or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business
combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust
account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

We have not selected any business combination target and we have not,
nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination target. Additionally, we have not engaged
or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take
any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officers and directors. Accordingly, there
is no current basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete
our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we
may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter.
Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial
business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account,
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability
to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt
or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Our process of identifying acquisition targets will leverage our founders 
and our management team s unique industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships
in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business
enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and
accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We expect that the collective experience,
capability and network of our founders, directors and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment
community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities. 

In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought
to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be
brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may
also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will
have read our final prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates,
may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal
or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

8 

While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms, including one or more
of the underwriters or one of their respective affiliates, or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
In addition, the underwriters may provide these services without additional compensation. We will formally engage a finder only to the
extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if
finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue.
Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the
funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with
which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation,
finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of
such target by us. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative support and other
services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination
company following our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to
complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA
or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in
the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our
sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers Conflicts of Interest. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial
Business Combination 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a
thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews,
interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information
which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate
the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to identify and evaluate a target business and to
structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with
any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective
target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce
the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management
team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition,
we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

9 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial
business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities
that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we
will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our
initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective
target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the
target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills,
qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the
target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more
of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of
them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that
members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior
management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional
managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit
additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent
management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the
tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we
will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval
for business or other reasons. 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required
for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then issued and outstanding; 

10 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not currently require,
and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our initial business combination. 

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed
business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions
with Respect to Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions
or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or
prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information),
our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide
them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their
public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any
terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants
in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the
Exchange Act. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption
rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their
prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

11 

The purpose of any such transactions could be to (i) vote such
shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination,
(ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met or (iii) reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants or any matter submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate
that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated
transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in
the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business
combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they
would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for
a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related
to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders
to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will
be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities
laws. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted
from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect
any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent
such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
Our sponsor and our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection
with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

12 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so
that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may
require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary
shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any
shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with
a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek
shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will
be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer
(which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases
would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where
we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder
vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. 

If we hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights
described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy, who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company.
In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
founder shares, we would need 21,562,500 or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 3,593,750, or 6.25 (assuming
only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 57,500,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition,
our sponsor and our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection
with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

13 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we
or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in
the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and
we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the
tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem.
If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial
business combination 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business
Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe
this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use
their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to
purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management team at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with
a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or
Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether
they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates, if any,
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve
the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which may include the requirement
that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from
the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially
scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares
if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is
advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

14 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder.
However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their
shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must
be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check
companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute
proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed
business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After
the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate
to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination
during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price,
he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation.
As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option 
rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable
once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any
time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise
agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights
and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public
shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for
any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares
for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders
who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may
continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of our initial public
offering. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business
Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that we have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we
do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes,
if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

15 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering). 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant
to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the
then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional
redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset
requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right
shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director, or any
other person. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,000,000 of proceeds
held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although
we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution
would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would
have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will
have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding
our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit
of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain
an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to
execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or
in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters will not execute agreements
with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree
to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a
prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

16 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to
indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,000,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the
private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that
the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims
made by creditors; however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. 

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure
you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders
could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. 

As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

17 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of
our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares
or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion
of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent
completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances
will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result
in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have
also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our
initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including
other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public
shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination
and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
In addition, potential target businesses may also consider whether undertaking their own registered public offering rather than a business
combination with a blank check company would be preferable. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at One Vanderbilt Avenue,
26th Floor, New York, New York 10017. The cost for our use of this space is included in the up to 10,000 per month fee we will pay to
our sponsor for office space, administrative support and other services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process
we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any
of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on
our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our
shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business
combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or stock exchange listing
requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the Nasdaq rules currently allow
us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking
to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore,
if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, we
would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, the
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares
to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may
consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business
combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled Item 1. Business Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with
an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business
combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination,
unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business
combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set
forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
public shareholders vote. 

Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding
ordinary shares. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to the
completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek
shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under
Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy,
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we
would need 21,562,500 or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 3,593,750, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum
number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 57,500,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in
favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and our management team to vote in favor of our initial business
combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

19 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to
enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement
with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not
be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and payment of deferred underwriting
commissions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all
properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination and payment of deferred underwriting commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination,
we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based
on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing.
In addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater
portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing
may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would
increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A
ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our business
combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares
that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who
properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the
amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a
portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would
not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

20 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination
within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in
particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on
terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination,
knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period with that particular target business,
we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination
within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate
an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial
business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other
risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the
impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination,
including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms
acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 outbreak may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have
not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and
our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that,
if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less
than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence
a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions
or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation
to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

21 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose
of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any
matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing
condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our
initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange
Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1. Business Permitted Purchases
and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors
or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions
of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and
other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with
those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of
our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If
we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating
targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase
the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business
combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies
that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered
into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering,
as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become
scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions including between the U.S. and China and
between Russia and Ukraine, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

22 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance
could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance
for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering
quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of
such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain
directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination
entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and
officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain
qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity
may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance
would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate
an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their
respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial
business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive
deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives
may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection
with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective
affiliates to provide additional services to us including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services,
acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriters or their affiliates fair and
reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement
will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will
be paid to any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of our prospectus,
unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with our initial public offering. The underwriters
are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters 
or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise
to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection
with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

23 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak
and the status of debt and equity markets. 

On March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized
the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted, and a significant outbreak of
other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that adversely affects the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for
a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others.
While vaccines for COVID-19 are being, and have been developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine will be durable and effective
consistent with current expectations. In addition, if any treatment of vaccine for COVID-19 is ineffective or underutilized, any
impact on our business may be prolonged. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an
extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately
consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent
on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of
heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our
securities and cross-border transactions. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any
laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination and
results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional
and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and
application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on the business, investments and
results of our operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed
Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating
companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the
use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of
certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under
the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, and certain positions
and legal conclusions expressed by the SEC in connection with the 2022 Proposed Rules may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate
and complete our business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting
from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and
the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in markets around the world. 

United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption
following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion,
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus
and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank
Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue
to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia.
The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United
States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact
on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable,
the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well
as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy
and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

24 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management 

Since our sponsor, executive officers, and directors will lose
their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may
acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On February 11, 2021, we issued to our sponsor 14,375,000 founder
shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. In February 2021, our sponsor transferred
50,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor,
the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed
to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business
combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased 9,333,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 14,000,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement
that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and
financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business
combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.
This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering nears, which is the deadline
for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in
the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to
engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and
any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or
director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

In addition, our founders and our directors and officers, or any of
their respective affiliates may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives
that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank
check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law:
(i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we
renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which
may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their
respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors,
executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend
to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers
may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently,
our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of
interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders 
best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or
our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately
be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

25 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time
to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict
of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will
not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the
completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which
he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours
per week to our affairs. 

Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts
of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which
may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Involvement of members of our management and companies with which
they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs
could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

Members of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated
have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including transactions, such as sales
and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management and companies with which
they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative
publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our
reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may
have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no
revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are an exempted company under the laws of the Cayman Islands with
no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings
with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management team, MSD Capital, or MSD
Partners or any of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance
of the business we may acquire. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with,
our management team or their respective affiliates, including MSD Partners and MSD Capital, is presented for informational purposes only.
Any past experience of and performance by our management team or their respective affiliates, including MSD Partners and MSD Capital,
is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination;
or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record
of our management team or any of their respective affiliates performance, including the performance of MSD Partners or MSD Capital,
as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management
team has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. An investment in us is not an investment in either MSD Partners
or MSD Capital. 

26 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust
account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection
with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein,
(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem
their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall
not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we
have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect
to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the
warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to
investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has
not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because
we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from
rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be
afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we have a
longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial
public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account
to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business
combination, our management will rely on the availability of the funds from the sale of the forward purchase units to be used as part
of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the sale of the forward purchase units does not close, we
may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. 

Prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered
into a forward purchase agreement with the forward purchase investor providing for the purchase of up to 50,000,000 of forward purchase
units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in a private placement which occurred concurrently with the closing of our initial business
combination. However, if the sale of the forward purchase units does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial
business combination. The number of forward purchase units to be purchased by the forward purchase investor will be subject to the forward
purchase investor s sole discretion. The obligation to purchase the forward purchase units is subject to customary closing conditions,
including that our initial business combination must be consummated substantially concurrently with, and immediately following, the purchase
of the forward purchase units. The obligations of the forward purchase investor under the forward purchase agreement do not depend on
whether any Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders are redeemed by the company and the amount of forward purchase units
sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be subject to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. The forward
purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering,
except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights, as described herein. The forward purchase warrants will have the same
terms as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by the forward purchase investor or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

27 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable,
when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity
to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with
in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares
may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates
in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We were approved to list our units on Nasdaq on the date of our final
prospectus and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants were also listed on Nasdaq promptly after their date of separation. Although after
giving effect to our initial public offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth
in Nasdaq s listing standards, our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to
the completion of our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to the completion of our
initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum
amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).
Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business
combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance,
the share price of our securities would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would
generally be required to be at least 4,000,000 and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 
of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We may not be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we
are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market.
If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares
and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities,
the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having
used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder
the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would
not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

28 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to
hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our
Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and
you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result,
you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your
shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for what remains of the
24 months following the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business
or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our
search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the private placement warrants, only 1,000,000 is available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements.
We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, members
of our management team or any of their affiliates is still sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following
the closing of our initial public offering; however, our estimate may not be accurate, and our sponsor, members of our management team
or any of their affiliates are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect
to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could
also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed
to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable
to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to
do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow
funds from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates or other third parties to operate or may be forced to
liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to
us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us
upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, members
of our management team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a
waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our
redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less
than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

29 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or
all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we
combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues with a particular target business. In addition, factors outside of the target
business and outside of our control may later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets,
restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence
successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent
with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition,
charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt
held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain
their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds
from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered
public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims,
as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against
our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the
monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into
an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be
significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders
could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to that
certain letter agreement among the company, the sponsor and the company s executive officers and directors, our sponsor has agreed
that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding our independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims.
However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our
sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of
our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

30 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims
of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest
extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent
they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided
will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood
of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and
our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust
account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The net proceeds of our initial public offering and certain proceeds
from the sale of the private placement warrants in the amount of 500,000,000 may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations
having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While
short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates
in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of
the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the
event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced.
In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 500,000,000
as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders
may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

31 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be
viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims
of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or winding-up law, and
may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our
shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature
of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance
of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment
company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form
of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping,
voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

32 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment
securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination business
or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan
to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject
us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other
securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring
and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity
fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust
account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of
our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares
or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial
business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein.
If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to
be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which
we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any
laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional
and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and
application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and
results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
of operations. 

33 

If we do not consummate an initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before
redemption from our trust account. 

If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders
from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior
to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata,
to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public
offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion
of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation
unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon
our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination
and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public
shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. We
and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium
account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may
be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are
not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq.
As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors.
Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company
affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled
to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders
of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to
vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders
of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say
in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

34 

We did not register the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at the time of our initial public offering, and we are
not registering such securities at this time. Furthermore, such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise
warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We did not register the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at the time of the initial public offering, and we are
not registering such securities at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our commercially
reasonable efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and to maintain the effectiveness of
such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We may not able to do so
if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement
or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC
issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required
to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will
receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares
per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated
to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered
or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the above,
if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option,
require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but
we will use our reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is
not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for
the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable
state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price
solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists
for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of
the warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its transferees (which
may include our management team) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while
holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for
sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security
other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity
in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As
a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security
in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required
to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of
the closing of an initial business combination. 

Our warrants and units committed to be issued in connection with
the forward purchase agreement are accounted for as a derivative liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in
fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We account for our warrants and the units committed to be issued in
connection with the forward purchase agreement as a derivative liability and will record them at fair value upon issuance with any changes
in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third party
valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants or units that are accounted for as a derivative liability,
which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Our warrants are accounted for as a derivative liability and
are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We account for our warrants as a derivative liability and will record
them at fair value upon issuance with any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation
report obtained from an independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are
accounted for as a derivative liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a
target business. 

35 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders,
holders of our private placement warrants and the purchaser of the forward purchase units may make it more difficult to complete our initial
business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our
initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder
shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement
warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
conversion of such warrants. Further, pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, we have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts (i) to
file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement for a secondary offering of the
forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration
statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after the initial filing, and (iii) to
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the holders of the forward
purchase securities or their assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby, and (B) the date all of the securities covered
thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. After such registration statement
is declared effective, the holders of the forward purchase securities may cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings,
subject to certain limitations. In addition, the forward purchase agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration
rights to the holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will
bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading
in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of
the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders or their
permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except
that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business
combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached
any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any
particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the
extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which
we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although
our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these
risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact
a target business. An investment in our units may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if
such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors
which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s
area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination
target, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in
our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a
business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise,
our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this
Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect
to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly,
any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of
their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

36 

Although we have identified general criteria that we believe
are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does
not meet such criteria, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes
entirely consistent with our general criteria. 

Although we have identified general criteria for evaluating prospective
target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of
these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria,
such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria. In addition, if
we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria, a greater number of shareholders
may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires
us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable
law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us
to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria. If we do
not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking firm which is a
member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our
shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference
shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time
of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize
the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 442,500,000 and 35,625,000 authorized
but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not
take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B
ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time
of our initial business combination as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately
after our initial public offering, there were not preference shares issued and outstanding. 

37 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary
shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders
prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with
a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the
Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights
of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary
shares; 

could cause a change in control
if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our
net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment
to the exercise price of our warrants. 

Our initial shareholders may receive additional Class A
ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the
sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the
sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary
shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement warrants issued
to our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans and the forward purchase
securities. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to
one. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are
not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial
business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if
we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in
certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

38 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a passive foreign investment company PFIC )within
the meaning of Section 1297(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may
be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for
our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular
circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we
will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current
taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after
the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to
provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information
Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be
no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants
in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with
our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject
to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is
located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrantholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the shareholder or warrantholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We
do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrantholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrantholders may be
subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a
majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States;
therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority
of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States.
As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights,
to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon
civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

In particular, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the
Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize and enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors
or officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States
or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdiction s courts against us or our directors
or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and
their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals
and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers
and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The
unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

39 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial
business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following
our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we
intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment
of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated
by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements
with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination
is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the
completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could
provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render
to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation
a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into on the closing of our initial public offering, our
sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment
to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack
of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign
upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the
completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an
acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination,
it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

40 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target
businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders
which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and
directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors
or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those
described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers Conflicts
of Interest. Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar
to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware
of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and
there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be
specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Item 1. Business Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm regarding the fairness
to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result,
the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

We may issue notes or other debt, or otherwise incur substantial
debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the
value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue
any notes or other debt, or to otherwise incur debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to
complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained
from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no
issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt
could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on
our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the
maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all
principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary
additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends
on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion
of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary
shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility
in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to
adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability
to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and
other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

41 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with
the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

The net proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the
private placement warrants provided us with up to 557,375,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking
into account the 20,125,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the expenses of our initial public
offering). In addition, prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement with the
forward purchase investor pursuant to which the forward purchase investor has agreed to purchase up to 50,000,000 of forward purchase
units in a private placement concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of forward
purchase units may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with
our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The obligation to purchase the forward purchase
units is subject to customary closing conditions, including that our initial business combination must be consummated substantially concurrently
with, and immediately following, the purchase of forward purchase units. The number of forward purchase units to be purchased by the forward
purchase investor will be subject to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. The obligations of the forward purchase investor
under the forward purchase agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders are redeemed
by us. The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial
public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights, as described herein. The forward purchase warrants
will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by the forward purchase investor or its permitted
assignees and transferees. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target
business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting
issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the
financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance
of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to our initial business combination. 

42 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are
owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business
combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent
assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to
adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with
a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as
profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our
initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information,
which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target
business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills,
qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination
company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but
we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria.
Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to
the completion of our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which
we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other
equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority
of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree
of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex
companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that
our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we
anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large
complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of
the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or
assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational
improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore,
some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a smaller, less complex organization. 

43 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The
absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does
not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the
event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for
redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate
amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted
for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank
check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their
warrant agreements. We may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a
manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies
have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements.
For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the
time to consummate a business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants
to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require at
least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of
our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of
holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants
or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private
placement warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the forward purchase warrants or any provision of the warrant
agreement with respect to the forward purchase warrants, 50 of the then-outstanding forward purchase warrants. In addition, our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent
any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through our registration statement,
we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

44 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of
at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold
than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions
typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts
except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved
by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended
if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended
by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Our initial
shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A
ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement
and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check
companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue
remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant
to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity; unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of
any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the
number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements
and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, and directors for any breach of
these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our
initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we
have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because
of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation
to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to
seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if
at all. The current economic environment may make difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we do not complete
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition,
even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations
or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. 

45 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us
and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions,
this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention
to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional
purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors,
whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of
three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to elect new directors
prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until
at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our sponsor, because of its ownership
position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until
the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an
initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be
adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result,
the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of
the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the
approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder
if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment
to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants,
50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with
the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York
or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any
action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities
Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum
for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an
inconvenient forum. 

46 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement.
If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other
than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign
action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce
the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any
such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits.
Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more
of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the
time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after
they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such
redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a
result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of
the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may
be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish
to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption,
is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition, we may redeem your warrants at any time after they become
exercisable and prior to their expiration at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of
redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares
determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise
of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time
where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because
the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective
of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants or the forward purchase warrants are redeemable by us (except
as described herein) so long as they are held by our sponsor or the forward purchase investor, as applicable, or their respective permitted
transferees. 

47 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of
our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued public warrants to purchase 11,500,000 Class A ordinary
shares as part of the units offered by our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering,
we issued in a private placement 9,333,333 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue up to 1,000,000
forward purchase warrants pursuant to the forward purchase agreement. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans, it
may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant.
Our public warrants are also redeemable by us for Class A ordinary shares. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a
business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise
of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete
the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost
of acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit contains one-fifth of one warrant and only
a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains one-fifth of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants,
a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number
the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours
whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in
this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable
in the aggregate for one-fifth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share,
thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units
to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
business combination (other than the forward purchase securities) at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect
to a vote on our proposed business combination include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the
same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer
rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. 

48 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would
no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such
an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard
is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt
the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out
of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250,000,000
as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100,000,000 during such completed fiscal year and the market
value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take
advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies
difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make
it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the
time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate
and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31,
2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time
and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

49 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be
limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors
or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time
to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The
rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our
directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the
Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law,
the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders
and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial
precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as
compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies
of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal
court of the United States. 

Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the company
have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies.
Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under
what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders.
This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or
to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman
Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts
of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions
are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in
the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment
debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be
enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes
or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or
obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands
(awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement
proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more
difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A
ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference
shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares,
which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal
of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities. 

50 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information
theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure
and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to
corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without
significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient
resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any
of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and,
as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate
governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by
an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance
requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes
a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee
of our board with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate
governance committee of our board with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with
the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to
utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject
to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating,
agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject
to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside
of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business
combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due
diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in
the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

51 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company,
we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding
currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding
taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in
which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting
requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs
and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic
policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory
requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law
changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange
controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts
receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable
legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual
property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes,
riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political
upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural
disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political
relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations
might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which
could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign
from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination
will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This
could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

52 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of
our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country.
Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions
and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a
target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income
would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely
affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected
by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting
currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial
condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that
we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with
our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may
not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate
the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction
may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under
any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory
matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies,
including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are
publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and
regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of
management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance
practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business
may be harmed. 

We previously identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting. Any future material weakness could adversely affect our ability to report our results
of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly
basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such
evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

53 

As previously disclosed under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31, 2021, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s
management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex features of the Class A ordinary
shares and warrants issued by the Company, and the presentation of earnings per share was not effectively designed or maintained. This
material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s interim financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2021
and June 30, 2021. 

Any future failure to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations
on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations.
Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock
exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material
adverse effect on our business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements on
Form S-3 or Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares
to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information,
which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. 

We can give no assurance that any additional material weaknesses or
restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over
financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures,
in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair
presentation of our financial statements. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We maintain our principal executive offices at One Vanderbilt Avenue,
26th Floor, New York, New York 10017, and our telephone number is (212) 303-1650. The cost for our use of this space is included in the
 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently
pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

54 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on
the Nasdaq under the symbols MSDAU , MSDA and MSDAW respectively. Our units began trading on
Nasdaq on March 25, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on May 25, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

As of March 29, 2023, there was one holder of record of our
units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, four holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record
of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future
will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion
of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion
of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from
Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales and Use of Proceeds 

On February 11, 2021, we issued to our sponsor, 14,375,000 of
our Class B ordinary shares, in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. In February 2021,
our sponsor transferred 50,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. The Class B ordinary shares were issued to our sponsor
in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On March 29, 2021 we completed our initial public offering of 57,500,000
units generating gross proceeds of 575,000,000, which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters over-allotment option
to purchase an additional 7,500,000 units at the initial public offering. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par
value per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ),
each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment. 

55 

Concurrently with the completion of our initial public offering, our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 9,333,333 warrants in a private placement, for an aggregate purchase price of 14,000,000. Each whole
private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments.
A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from the initial public offering held
in the trust account. If the company does not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are substantially similar to the
warrants underlying the units issued in the initial public offering, except that they are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless
basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sponsor and the company s officers and directors
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants until 30 days after the
completion of the initial business combination. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to
such sales. 

Use of Proceeds 

In connection with the initial public offering, we incurred offering
costs of approximately 33 million (including underwriting commissions of 11.9 million and deferred underwriting commissions of approximately
 20.1 million). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the initial public offering. After
deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of
the initial business combination, if consummated) and the initial public offering expenses, 575.0 million of the net proceeds from our
initial public offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold
in the initial public offering) was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain proceeds
from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Report. 

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds
from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants as is described herein related to the initial public offering. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References to the Company, MSD Acquisition
Corp., MSD Acquisition, our, us or we refer to MSD Acquisition Corp. The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and
analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject
to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.

56 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company on February 5, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. We are an emerging growth company and,
as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not yet commenced operations. All activity
for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the initial public offering (the
 Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target
company for a Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of the initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. 

The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared
effective on March 24, 2021. On March 29, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering generating gross proceeds of 575.0 million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately 33 million, of which approximately 20.1 million was for deferred underwriting commissions
(see Note 7). 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we
consummated the Private Placement, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 14.0
million (see Note 5). 

Upon the closing of Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement,
 575.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement
were placed in the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and will be invested in the Trust
Investments, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described
below. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application
of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net
proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Our initial Business Combination must be with
one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time we sign a definitive
agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business
Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. 

If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in
all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

57 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 38,000 in its
operating bank account and working capital of approximately 139,000. 

The Company s liquidity needs through December 31, 2022 were
satisfied through 25,000 paid by the Sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a loan of
approximately 192,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (as defined in Note 6), and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private
Placement not held in the Trust Account of 2.5 million. The Company repaid the Note in full on March 30, 2021. In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 6).
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, management has determined that
the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for the liquidation of the Trust Account after March 29, 2023. The financial
statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. On March 17, 2023, the
Company announced that it will redeem all of its outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Public Shares ),
effective as of the close of business on March 29, 2023, because the Company will not consummate an initial business combination within
the time period required by its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military
action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic
sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are
not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 was in
preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a
prospective Business Combination. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business
Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately
 30,490,000, which consisted of approximately 23,086,000 of non-operating gain resulting from the change in fair value of derivative
liabilities and income from investments held in the Trust Account of approximately 8,294,000, partially offset by approximately 771,000
in general and administrative expense, and 120,000 in related party general and administrative expenses. 

For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through the
year ended December 31, 2021, we had net loss of approximately 4,977,000, which consisted of approximately 695,000 in general and
administrative expense, approximately 91,000 in related party general and related party expenses, approximately 697,000 of
offering costs associated with the issuance of our Public Warrants, and approximately 3,534,000 non-operating loss resulting from
the change in fair value of derivative liabilities, offset by income from investments held in the Trust Account of approximately
 41,000. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private
Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these
securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the
holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion
of the initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

58 

Pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, the Company has agreed
to use reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement
with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary
shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than sixty (60)
days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on
which the sponsor or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby
can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement
is declared effective, causes the Company to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition,
the forward purchase agreement provides for piggy-back registration rights to the holders of forward purchase securities
to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of our final
prospectus to purchase up to 7,500,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
On March 29, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20
per unit, or 11.5 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or approximately
 20.1 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Derivative Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow,
market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants and forward
purchase agreements, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant
to ASC 480 and ASC 815-40. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities
or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized
as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognized the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value
and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period until they are exercised. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public
Offering was initially estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. For periods where no observable traded price is available, the
fair value continues to be estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation. As the transfer of Private Placement Warrants to anyone who is not
a permitted transferee would result in the Private Placement Warrants having substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, we determined
that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. The fair value of the Warrants as
of December 31, 2022 is based on observable listed prices for such warrants. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability
may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly.
Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the
use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

The agreement between the Company and a certain investor, providing
for the investor to purchase up to 50,000,000 of units, with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one
warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement concurrently with the closing
of the initial Business Combination, is recognized as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes
the instrument as a liability at fair value and with changes in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations.
The fair value of the forward purchase agreement is measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

59 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability
instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders 
equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to
the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, 57,500,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented
as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur
and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end
of each reporting period. This method views the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering (including exercise of the over-allotment option), we recognized the accretion from initial
book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated
deficit. 

Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic
260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. This presentation assumes a business combination as the
most likely outcome. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average ordinary
shares outstanding for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted net income (loss) per ordinary shares does
not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including exercise of the over-allotment
option) and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 20,833,333 Class A ordinary shares since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive
under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with
the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair
Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual
sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity
securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity
and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial
statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement
on the financial statements. 

Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but
not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statement. 

60 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. As of December 31, 2022, we were not
subject to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account,
will be invested in the Trust Investments. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material
exposure to interest rate risk. 

We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception and
we do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 16 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31,
2022. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our
receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

61 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

62 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Gregg Lemkau 
 53 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 John Cardoso 
 48 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 John Phelan 
 58 
 Director (Chairman) 
 
 James Breyer 
 61 
 Director 
 
 Edith Cooper 
 61 
 Director 
 
 Allen Shim 
 42 
 Director 

Gregg Lemkau has served as our Chief Executive Officer
and director since inception. He is currently the co-CEO and a Partner of BDT MSD Partners. Prior to joining BDT MSD Partners,
Mr. Lemkau spent 28 years at Goldman Sachs, where he was most recently Co-Head of the Investment Banking Division. While
at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Lemkau advised on hundreds of transactions accounting for over 1 trillion of deal value across sectors globally
and spent significant time in high-growth sectors such as Technology, Media, and Healthcare. During his tenure at Goldman Sachs,
Mr. Lemkau held several leadership roles, including Co-Head of Global Mergers Acquisitions, Co-Head of the Technology,
Media and Telecom Group, Co-Head of the Healthcare Group, and Chief Operating Officer of the Investment Banking Division while working
in offices in both the U.S. and Europe. Mr. Lemkau was a member of the Management Committee, the Investment Banking Division Executive
Committee, and served as Chairman of the Firmwide Commitments Committee. 

Mr. Lemkau is a member
of the Board of Trustees of Dartmouth College and the Board of Advisors for Team Rubicon, a nonprofit whose mission is to unite the military
veterans skills and experiences with first responders to provide impactful service across the world to communities affected by
a disaster. Mr. Lemkau previously served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Grassroot Soccer, a nonprofit using the power
of soccer to fight against HIV and AIDS in Africa. 

Mr. Lemkau holds a Bachelor of Arts in Government and Economics from
Dartmouth College. We believe that Mr. Lemkau s significant investment experience, as well as his management experience
make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors 

John Cardoso has served as our Chief Financial Officer
since inception. He is the Chief Financial Officer of DFO Management, LLC. Prior to joining DFO Management, LLC, Mr. Cardoso was
Chief Financial Officer of MSD Partners. Mr. Cardoso was previously a Managing Director and Senior Fund Controller at Davidson Kempner
Capital Management. Prior to this, Mr. Cardoso was a Director and Global Fund Controller at Clearwater Capital Partners, a Senior Audit
Manager in the Alternatives Investment Management Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and a Senior Associate in the Alternatives Investment
Management Practice at Rothstein, Kass Company. Mr. Cardoso also serves as a member of the Audit Committee of the Michael 
Susan Dell Foundation. 

Mr. Cardoso holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from St.
John s University. Mr. Cardoso is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York and a member of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

John Phelan has served as the Chairman of the company s
board of directors since inception. Mr. Phelan is the Chairman Emeritus of MSD Capital. He is the Co-Founder of MSD Partners and MSD Capital.
Prior to co-founding MSD Capital in 1998, Mr. Phelan was a Principal at ESL Partners ESL ), a Greenwich, Connecticut-based investment
firm. At ESL, he was responsible for Special Situation and Distressed Investments and helped grow the firm from 50 million to over
 2 billion in assets under management. Mr. Phelan was previously a Vice President at the Equity Group: Zell-Merrill Lynch
Real Estate Opportunity Funds, where he oversaw Acquisitions (Western Region). Mr. Phelan began his career as an Analyst in the Investment
Banking Division of Goldman Sachs 

63 

Mr. Phelan serves on
several charitable boards, including the Whitney Museum of Art, Spirit of America, and Third Option Foundation. He also serves as a member
of Harvard Business School s Board of Dean s Advisors, the Investment Committee for the SMU Endowment, and is a Global Insight
Partner and member of the North American Advisory Board for the London School of Economics. 

Mr. Phelan has over
30 years of investment and transactional experience across asset classes and geographies. He is responsible for building and developing
integrated cross-asset platforms, various investment strategies, and oversaw a substantial increase in assets under management at
MSD Capital and MSD Partners. We believe MSDAC benefits from his diverse experience investing in businesses at different growth stages
through several economic cycles. 

Mr. Phelan received his Master of Business Administration from
Harvard Business School and holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Political Science, Phi Beta Kappa and cum laude with distinction,
from Southern Methodist University. Mr. Phelan also holds a General Course degree with an emphasis in Economics and International
Relations from The London School of Economics. We believe that Mr. Phelan s significant investment and transactional experience
make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

James Breyer has served as one of our independent
directors since our initial public offering. He is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Breyer Capital, a premier venture capital
firm based in Austin, Texas and Menlo Park, California. Mr. Breyer has been an early investor in over 40 technology companies that
have completed successful public offerings or mergers. He served as Partner at Accel Partners from 1990 to 2016 and Managing Partner from
1995 to 2011. Mr. Breyer also has a long record of investing in China and partnering with Chinese entrepreneurs. He is Co-Chairman of
IDG Capital, based in Beijing, and the first firm to bring venture capital into China. Over the past several years, Mr. Breyer has
developed a deep personal and investment interest in long-term oriented entrepreneurs and teams working in artificial/augmented intelligence
and human-assisted intelligence and has made numerous investments in this space. 

Mr. Breyer has served on the board of directors of The Blackstone
Group Inc. since 2016 and previously served on the board of directors of Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. from 2011 to 2019, Facebook,
Inc. from 2005 to 2013, Etsy, Inc. from 2008 to 2016, Dell, Inc. from 2009 to 2013 and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. from 2001 to 2013, as
well as several other technology companies. 

Mr. Breyer is a Fellow Emeritus of the Harvard Corporation, Harvard
University s senior governing board. Mr. Breyer is also a Board Member and is Chairman Emeritus of the Advisory Board at the
Tsinghua University s School of Economics and Management in Beijing. Mr. Breyer is a long-time active volunteer as a Trustee
of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the American Film Institute, and Stanford s
Center for Philanthropy and Civil Society. We believe that Mr. Breyer s broad management experience as well as his investment
experience make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Edith Cooper has served as one of our independent
directors since our initial public offering. Ms. Cooper is the co-founder of Medley, a membership-based community that fosters
personal and professional growth, which she launched with her daughter in July 2020. Previously, Ms. Cooper served as Executive Vice President,
Global Head of Human Capital Management of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. from March 2008 to December 2017, and, prior to that, she held various
leadership positions in Goldman Sachs Securities Division from 1996 to 2008. Ms. Cooper began her career in derivative sales at
Bankers Trust and Morgan Stanley. 

Ms. Cooper has served on the Board of Etsy, Inc., a publicly-traded e-commerce company,
since 2018. She has also served on the board of Slack Technologies, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of cloud-based professional
collaboration tools, since 2018. She has also served on the board of EQT, a publicly-traded purpose-driven global investment
firm, since 2018. Ms. Cooper also currently serves on the board of directors of the Museum of Modern Art and Mt. Sinai Hospital. 

64 

Ms. Cooper holds a Masters of Business Administration from Northwestern
University Kellogg School of Management and a Bachelor of Arts in American History from Harvard University. We believe that Ms. Cooper s
extensive leadership and board of directors experience make her well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Allen Shim has served as one of our independent directors
since March 2022. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Anderson Point Consulting, which he founded in February 2022. He previously
served as the Chief Financial Officer of Slack Technologies, Inc. Slack and prior to that as its SVP of Finance from 2014
through 2021. While at Slack, Mr. Shim was responsible for Slack s financial management strategy, which included overseeing global
operations, finance, administration, and IT. Mr. Shim led the company s direct listing offering in June 2019 and oversaw its acquisition
by Salesforce (NYSE: CRM) which closed in July 2021. Prior to Slack, from 2008 to 2014, Mr. Shim served as Vice President of Finance and
Treasurer at YuMe, Inc., a data analysis company for television advertising that was acquired by RhythmOne in 2017. Prior to this, Mr.
Shim worked at Yahoo and began his career in investment research. 

Mr. Shim is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder and holds
a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. The Company believes Mr. Shim s extensive
financial management skills and leadership experience with world-renowned companies make him well qualified to serve on the Board. 

Barry McCarthy served as one of our independent
directors from the time of our initial public offering through February 2022. Mr. McCarthy resigned
from the Board in connection with his appointment as the Chief Executive Officer of another public company and not due to any disagreement
with the Company. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one
class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general
meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of James Breyer and Allen Shim,
will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Gregg Lemkau and Edith
Cooper, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of John Phelan,
will expire at our third annual general meeting. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy
on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into with our sponsor, upon and following
consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors,
as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors on such terms,
to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the board of directors may think fit, as
provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Involvement in certain legal proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent. We satisfied this requirement from the time of our initial public offering through February 2022. With the appointment
of Allen Shim as an independent director on March 13, 2022, we currently satisfy this requirement. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a
relationship with the company which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, could interfere with the director s
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have independent directors as defined
in Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating
committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of
the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules
and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

65 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. James
Breyer, Edith Cooper and Allen Shim serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Shim serves as the Chairman of the audit committee as
of March 2022. Barry McCarthy served as the Chairman of the audit committee from the time of the initial public offering through February
2022. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq. At the time of the initial public offering,
our board of directors determined that Barry McCarthy qualified as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
SEC rules. As of the time of this report, our board of directors has determined that Allen Shim qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent
registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence
of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the
lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the
audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with
management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit
services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees
and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the
independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation
and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management
and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit
report or related work; 

establishing procedures for
the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which
raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a
quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action
necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering; and 

reviewing and approving all
payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members
of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining
from such review and approval. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors.
The members of our compensation committee are James Breyer, Edith Cooper, and as of March 2022, Allen Shim. Edith Cooper serves as chairman
of the compensation committee. Barry McCarthy served on the compensation committee from the time of the initial public offering through
February 2022. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief
Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration, if any, of
our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the
compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation
policies and plans; 

66 

implementing and administering
our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive
compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending
changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser,
including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors.
The members of our nominating committee are James Breyer, Edith Cooper, and as of March 2022, Allen Shim. James Breyer serves as chairman
of the nominating committee. Barry McCarthy served on the nominating committee from the time of the initial public offering through February
2022. 

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection
of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

We have adopted a nominating committee charter, which details the principal
functions of the nominating committee and also sets forth guidelines for selecting nominees to our board of directors. The guidelines
generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable
or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite
intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse
perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical
standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating
to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership
on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience,
to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain
a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee shall consider director candidates recommended by the company s
shareholders pursuant to procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The nominating committee
does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers
and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Our board of directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines
in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors
and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications,
director responsibilities, board +agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings
of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director
communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management
and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. 

67 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following
fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in
what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for
the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly
fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly
as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves
in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent
judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is
not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in
relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a
position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However,
in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided
that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our
sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not
believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individuals 
 Entity 
 Entity s Business 
 Affiliation 
 
 Gregg Lemkau 
 BDT MSD Partners, L.P. (1) 
 Asset Management 
 Partner; co-Chief Executive Officer 

MSD Capital, L.P. (1) 
 Asset Management 
 Manager of General Partner 

DFO Management, LLC (1) 
 Asset Management 
 Chairman 
 
 John Cardoso 
 DFO Management, LLC (1) 
 Asset Management 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 John Phelan 
 MSD Capital, L.P. (1) 
 Asset Management 
 Co-Founding Partner; Chairman Emeritus 
 
 James Breyer 
 Breyer Capital L.L.C. (1) 
 Asset Management 
 Founder; Chief Executive Officer 

IDG Capital
Group Limited (1) The Blackstone Group, Inc. 
 Asset Management Asset Management 
 Co-Chairman Board Member 
 
 Edith Cooper 
 Etsy, Inc. EQT Medley Slack Technologies, Inc. 
 Consumer Services Asset Management Career Development Software 
 Board Member Board Member Co-Founder Board Member 
 
 Allen Shim 
 Anderson Point Consulting 
 Consulting 
 Founder; Chief Executive Officer 

(1) Includes all affiliates and portfolio
companies. 

68 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and
directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating
their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any
full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several
other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor and our management
team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion
of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our
initial business combination within the required time period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described
herein, our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the
Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial
business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the
option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to
complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA
or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of
our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further,
commencing on the date our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq, we have also been reimbursing our sponsor for office space, administrative
support and other services provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will
be resolved in our favor. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy, who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. 

69 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s
memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision
may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default,
willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred
in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have entered into agreements
with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance
that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures
us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public
shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside
of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing
a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance
and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

The following disclosure concerns the compensation of our executive
officers and directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (i.e., pre-business combination). 

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash
compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier
of the consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our sponsor for office space, administrative
support and other services provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.
Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly
audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments
to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection
with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any
kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any
of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these
fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business
combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence
our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management
to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with
any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits
upon termination of employment. 

70 

Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to
be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers
and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers
and directors as a group. 

In the table below percentage ownership is based on 57,500,000 Class
A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 14,375,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary
shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary
shares and the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible
into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
shares underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this
Report. 

Class B ordinary shares 
 Class A ordinary shares 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 
 MSD Sponsor Holdings, LLC (our sponsor) (2) 
 14,250,000 
 99.1 

Gregg Lemkau (2)(3) 

John Phelan (2)(3) 

John Cardoso (3) 

James Breyer 
 50,000 

Edith Cooper 
 50,000 

Allen Shim 

All officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 
 100,000 

Citadel Advisors LLC (4) 

3,426,249 
 6.0 
 
 Nitorum Capital, L.P. (5) 

3,000,000 
 5.2 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business
address of each of our shareholders is One Vanderbilt Ave., 26th Floor, New York, New York 10017. 

(2) Our sponsor is the record holder
of such shares. Our sponsor is managed by a board of managers comprised of Gregg Lemkau, John Phelan and Robert Platek, who may each
be deemed to have voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by our sponsor. 

(3) Does not include any shares indirectly
owned by this individual as a result of his membership interest in our sponsor. 

71 

(4) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed
on February 14, 2023 (the Citadel 13G ). The address of Citadel Advisors LLC Citadel Advisors ), Citadel Advisors
Holdings LP CAH ), Citadel GP LLC CGP ), Citadel Securities LLC Citadel Securities ), Citadel
Securities Group LP CALC4 ), Citadel Securities GP LLC CSGP and Mr. Kenneth Griffin is Southeast Financial
Center 200 S. Biscayne Blvd., Suite 3300, Miami, Florida 33131. 

According to the Citadel 13G, Citadel Advisors is the portfolio manager
for Citadel Multi-Strategy Equities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company CM ). CAH is the sole member of Citadel Advisors,
CGP is the general partner of CAH. CALC4 is the non-member manager of Citadel Securities. CSGP is the general partner of CALC4 and Mr.
Griffin is the President and Chief Executive Officer of CGP, and owns a controlling interest in CGP and CSGP. 

Each of Citadel Advisors, CAH and CGP may be deemed to beneficially
own 3,426,249 Class A ordinary shares or 6.0 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. Each of Citadel Securities, CALC4 and CSGP may
be deemed to beneficially own 2,047 Class A ordinary shares or 0.0 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. Mr. Griffin may be deemed
to beneficially own 3,428,296 Class A ordinary shares or approximately 6.0 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

(5) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed
on February 14, 2023 (the Nitorum 13G ). The address of Nitorum Capital, L.P. Nitorum Capital ), Nitorum GP,
LLC Nitorum GP and Seth Rosen is 450 Park Avenue, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

According to the Nitorum 13G, Nitorum Capital serves as the investment
adviser to Nitorum Fund, L.P. and Nitorum Master Fund, L.P. (together with Nitorum Fund, L.P., the Nitorum Funds ), Nitorum
GP serves as the general partner of the Nitorum Funds, and Seth Rosen is the Managing Partner of Nitorum Capital and the Managing Member
of Nitorum GP. Each of Nitorum Capital, Nitorum GP and Seth Rosen may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 3,000,000 or 5.22 of the
shares outstanding of MSD Units held directly by the Nitorum Funds. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

72 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Founder Shares 

On February 11, 2021, the sponsor
paid an aggregate of 25,000 for certain offering expenses on behalf of the company in exchange for issuance of 14,375,000 founder
shares. The sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 1,875,000 founder shares to the extent that the over-allotment option
was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the founder shares would represent 20 of the company s issued and outstanding
shares after the initial public offering. On March 29, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these 1,875,000 founder
shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The initial shareholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any
of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial business combination or earlier
if, subsequent to the initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for share sub-divisions, capitalization of shares, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial business combination,
and (B) the date following the completion of the initial business combination on which the company completes a liquidation, merger, share
exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class
A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, the company consummated the private placement of 9,333,333 private placement warrants, at a
price of 1.50 per private placement warrant with the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 14.0 million. 

Each whole private placement
warrant is exercisable for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale
of the private placement warrants to the sponsor was added to the proceeds from the initial public offering held in the trust account.
If the company does not complete a business combination within the combination period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless.
The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable except as described in Note 10 of the Notes to the Audited Financial Statements
and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The sponsor and the company s
officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants
until 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination. 

Forward
Purchase Agreement 

On March 24, 2021, the company
entered into the forward purchase agreement with the forward purchase investor, pursuant to which the forward purchase investor agreed
to purchase up to 50,000,000 of forward purchase units. Each forward purchase unit will consist of one forward purchase share and
one-fifth of one forward purchase warrant, and will be sold at a purchase price of 10.00 per forward purchase unit in a private
placement concurrently with the closing of the initial business combination. The obligations of the forward purchase investor under the
forward purchase agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders are redeemed by the company
and the amount of forward purchase units sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be subject to the forward purchase investor s
sole discretion. The proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase units may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the
initial business combination, expenses in connection with the initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction
company. The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the initial
public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms
as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by MSD Partners or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

73 

Related Party Loans and Advances 

On February 8, 2021, the sponsor
agreed to loan the company up to 300,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due upon the closing of the initial public offering. As of March 29, 2021, the company borrowed approximately 192,000 under
the Note. The company repaid the Note in full on March 30, 2021. 

In addition, in order to fund
working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the
sponsor, or certain of the company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the company completes a business combination, the company may repay the Working Capital Loans
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds
held outside the trust account. In the event that a business combination does not close, the company may use a portion of proceeds held
outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at
the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business
combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except for
the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

On March 24, 2021, the company
entered into an agreement that provided that, commencing on the date that the company s securities were first listed on Nasdaq through
the earlier of consummation of the initial business combination or the liquidation, the company agreed to pay the sponsor up to 10,000 per
month for office space, administrative support and other services provided to members of the company s management team. For the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the company incurred expenses
of approximately 120,000 and 91,000, respectively, under this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amount due for
services in connection with such agreement. 

In addition, the sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on the company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the company to the sponsor, officers or directors,
or the company s or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside
the trust account. No such amounts were reimbursed or accrued for as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Registration
and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the founder shares,
private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the initial public
offering. The holders of these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the company register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of the initial business combination. The company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

74 

Conflicts
of Interest 

As more fully discussed in Item
10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts
of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line
of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her
fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Related Person Transactions Policy 

We operate under a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct that encourages
the avoidance of related-party transactions or conflicts of interest, wherever possible, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee thereof). 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our audit committee must review and approve any related person transaction
we propose to enter into. Our audit committee charter details the policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present actual,
potential or perceived conflicts of interest and may raise questions as to whether such transactions are consistent with the best interest
of our company and our shareholders. 

At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details
of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that
the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and
to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee
shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee,
participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the
related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent. Our board of directors has determined that James Breyer, Edith Cooper and Allen Shim are independent directors 
as defined in the listing standards of Nasdaq. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors
are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant
Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown,
PC for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that
are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate
fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection with our initial public
offering, totaled approximately 97,000 and 145,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC
any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed
for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any tax fees for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees . All other fees consist
of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

75 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial
Statements Schedules 

(a) The following documents are
filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached
Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 

Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.(2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor.(2) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain directors of the Company.(2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s executive officers and directors.(2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor .(2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of February 8, 2021, issued to the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, between the Company and MSD Sponsor Holdings, LLC.(2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 14, 2022, between the Company and Allen Shim.(3) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Registration Statement, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

76 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

March 29, 2023 

MSD ACQUISITION CORP. 

/s/ Gregg Lemkau 

Name: 
 Gregg Lemkau 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Gregg Lemkau 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Gregg Lemkau 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ John Cardoso 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 John Cardoso 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ John Phelan 
 
 Director (Chairman) 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 John Phelan 

/s/ James Breyer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 James Breyer 

/s/ Edith Cooper 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Edith Cooper 

/s/ Allen Shim 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Allen Shim 

77 

MSD ACQUISITION CORP. 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

MSD Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of MSD Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by March 29, 2023 then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

March 29, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

MSD ACQUISITION CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Derivative liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; par value; shares issued and outstanding at approximately and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, no non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

MSD ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended December 31, 
2022 
 For the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 
2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses - related party 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Offering costs associated with derivative liabilities 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

MSD ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 

For the Period from February 5, 2021 (Inception)
Through December 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - February 5, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

-

Excess cash received over the fair value of the private warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

MSD ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended December 31, 
2022 
 For the Period From February 5, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 -

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Offering costs associated with derivative liabilities 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 -

Proceeds from advance to related party 
 -

Offering costs paid 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public
Shares ), including additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately 
million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one
redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). 

warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million (see Note 4). 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of
the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee and will be invested in United States government securities within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of days or less Government
Securities or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations Money Market Funds and collectively with Government Securities,
the Trust Investments ), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the
Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the
Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are
voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements
and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association which was adopted by the Company upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
(the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public
Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether
they were a Public Shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks
shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares prior to this Initial Public Offering
(the Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 7) and any Public Shares purchased during
or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. In addition,
the Company agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the
Sponsor. 

or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the
Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, or March 29, 2023 (the Combination Period ), or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

(the Public Shares ), effective as of the close of business on
March 29, 2023, because the Company will not consummate an initial business combination within the time period required by its Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. As such, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the
Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements
of applicable law. 

F- 8 

of the
Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata
portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution
expenses). 

F- 9 

in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately . 

paid by the Sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares,
a loan of approximately from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (as defined in Note 5), and the proceeds from the consummation
of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account of million. The Company repaid the Note in full on March 30, 2021. In addition,
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in
Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

(the Public Shares ), effective as of the close of business on March 29, 2023, because the Company will
not consummate an initial business combination within the time period required by its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association. 

F- 10 

Public Warrants and the Private Placement
Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments
as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of operations.
The initial estimated fair value of the Public Warrants was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation. Since the Public Warrants were being
traded in an active market, the fair value of the Public Warrants has been measured using the publicly observable trading price. As the
transfer of Private Placement Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee would result in the Private Placement Warrants having
substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, the Company determined that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant is equivalent
to that of each Public Warrant. The fair value of the Warrants as of December 31, 2022 is based on observable listed prices for such warrants.
The determination of the fair value of the stock purchase warrants may be subject to change as more current information becomes available
and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities
as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

F- 11 

of units, with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and
one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share, at a purchase price of per unit in a private placement concurrently
with the closing of the initial Business Combination, is recognized as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly,
the Company recognizes the instrument as a liability at fair value and with changes in fair value recognized in the Company s statement
of operations. The fair value of the forward purchase agreement is measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 12 

Class A ordinary shares since their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income
(loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.
Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates
fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

F- 13 

Units, including Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting
commissions. 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million. 

per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement
Warrants will be non-redeemable except as described below in Note 9 and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the
Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

for certain offering expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares (the
 Founder Shares ). The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment
option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and
outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On March 29, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus,
these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

F- 14 

of forward purchase units. Each forward purchase
unit Forward Purchase Unit will consist of one Class A ordinary share (the Forward Purchase Shares and
one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share (the Forward Purchase Warrants ), and will be sold at a purchase
price of per Forward Purchase Unit in a private placement concurrently with the closing of the initial Business Combination. The
obligations of the Forward Purchase Investor under the Forward Purchase Agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares
held by Public Shareholders are redeemed by the Company and the amount of Forward Purchase Units sold pursuant to the Forward Purchase
Agreement will be subject to the Forward Purchase Investor s sole discretion. The proceeds from the sale of the Forward Purchase
Units may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with the initial
Business Combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The Forward Purchase Shares will generally be identical to
the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration
rights. The Forward Purchase Warrants will have the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants so long as they are held by MSD Partners
or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due
upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of March 29, 2021, the Company borrowed approximately under the Note. The
Company repaid the Note in full on March 30, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to the Company. 

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

per month
for office space, administrative support and other services provided to members of the Company s management team. For the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses of approximately
 and , respectively, under this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amount due for services in connection
with such agreement. 

F- 15 

additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the
underwriting discounts and commissions. On March 29, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

per unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 
per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holder of the Company s
Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary
shares outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption. 

F- 16 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class
A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 7). 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. On February 11, 2021, the Company issued
 Class B ordinary shares. Of these, up to Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company by the
Initial Shareholders for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or
in part, so that the Class B ordinary shares would collectively represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares
after the Initial Public Offering. On March 29, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these 
Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary
shares issued and outstanding. 

of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after
giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares
issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by
the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that
such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

F- 17 

warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants were issued upon
separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30
days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each
case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt
from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permit holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement.
If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th 
day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on
a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above,
if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option,
require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event the Company
so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does
not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent
an exemption is not available. 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 18 

Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject
to adjustment). 

F- 19 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities - Public warrants 
 -

-

Derivative liabilities - Private placement warrants 
 -

-

Derivative liabilities - Forward purchase agreement 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities - Public warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative liabilities - Private placement warrants 
 -
 
 -

Derivative liabilities - Forward purchase agreement 
 -
 
 -

was transferred from a Level 3 fair
value measurement to a Level 1 measurement, when the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded in May 2021. The estimated fair
value of Public Warrants was transferred from a Level 1 measurement to a Level 2 measurement due to lack of trading activity as of June
30, 2022. The estimated fair value of the Private Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement
in September 2022, as the transfer of Private Placement Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee would result in the Private
Placement Warrants having substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, the Company determined that the fair value of each Private
Placement Warrant is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. There were no other transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the year
ended December 31, 2022, or for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

F- 20 

Unit price 

Volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

- 

Issuance of derivative liabilities - Forward purchase agreement 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Transfer of Private Warrants to Level 2 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 

(the Public
Shares ), effective as of the close of business on March 29, 2023, because the Company will not consummate an initial business combination
within the time period required by its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 

F-21 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_msdacquisit.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our
affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 5,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following
description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Certain Terms 

Unless otherwise stated in the Annual Report on
Form 10-K (the Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted on March 24, 2021; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to time; 

company, we, us, our, MSDAC, or our company are to MSD Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

forward purchase agreement are to the agreement providing for the sale of the forward purchase units to MSD Partners in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination; 

forward purchase investor are to MSD Partners; 

forward purchase securities are to the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants; 

forward purchase shares are to Class A ordinary shares to be issued as part of the forward purchase units; 

forward purchase units are to the units consisting of one forward purchase share and one-fifth of one forward purchase warrant to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase warrants are to warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares to be issued as part of the forward purchase units; 

Founders are to Gregg Lemkau, our Chief Executive Officer and John Phelan, our Chairman; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares ); 

initial public offering are to the company s offering on May 12, 2021 of 575,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

MSD Capital are to MSD Capital, L.P., the family office of Michael Dell and his family; 

MSD Partners are to MSD Partners, L.P., an SEC registered investment adviser formed by partners of MSD Capital; 

ordinary resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and to be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

special resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

sponsor are to MSD Sponsor Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of MSD Partners; and 

Strategic Advisor are to Michael Dell. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. Pursuant to
the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares.
This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants
comprising the units began trading on May 25, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the
component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A
ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly,
unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

Additionally, the units will automatically separate
into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. 

2 

Ordinary Shares 

Prior to the date of the Report, there were 14,375,000
Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial shareholders, so that our initial
shareholders own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares. 71,875,000 of our ordinary shares are outstanding including: 

57,500,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of our initial public offering; and 

14,375,000 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders (and their permitted transferees, if any). 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary
shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders
except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable
provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are
voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under
Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which generally serves for terms of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative
voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment
of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by
the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder
shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment
of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder
shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business
combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary
shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes
with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required
to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. As an exempted company,
there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual
general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an
initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our
founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

3 

We will provide our public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our
sponsor and our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the
completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with
their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business
combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule
and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require
these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is
required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will,
like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain
the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or
their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of
our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such
initial business combination unless restricted by applicable Nasdaq rules. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum
is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given
of any general meeting. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares (as defined in the
Report), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce
their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their
investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to
hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 

4 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, our sponsor
and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased during or after our initial
public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares,
we would need 21,562,500, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 3,593,750, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum
number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 57,500,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in
favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our
management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering). 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash
at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B
ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units that were sold
in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: 

only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; 

the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; 

our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold, (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering); 

5 

the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described below adjacent to the caption Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; and 

the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 

If we submit our initial business combination
to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor and our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares
purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we
will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case,
our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or
after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
founder shares, we would need 21,562,500, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 3,593,750, or 6.25 (assuming
only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 57,500,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved; 

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares on the day of the closing of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the
sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the
total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary
shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement warrants issued
to our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans and the forward purchase
securities. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to
one. 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after
the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and
management team with respect to any founder shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion
or exercise thereof. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. 

6 

Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are
not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination,
holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least
two-thirds of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders,
including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders
of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member; 

whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on
the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering,
the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated,
the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However,
there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the
register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of
members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then
the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorize 5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability
of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference
shares were issued or registered in our initial public offering. 

7 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to
exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered,
qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only
a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units
and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole
warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A
ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration,
or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A
ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the
event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant
will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser
of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying
such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants,
and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of
our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to
those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if
our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option,
require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement.
If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th day
after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such
event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants
by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted
average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

8 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will
be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down
to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the
warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if
we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as
the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company) will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing
in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and
outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Redemptions of warrants when the price per
Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption
(except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants and the forward purchase warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion
discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price.
If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to
exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall
below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise
price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

9 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A
ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments the private placement warrants are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above; 

provided that holders will be able to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on
the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise
described below. 

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is
given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the
table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection
with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary
shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for
 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the
10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of
months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will
provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described
above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above
to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary
shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers
in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the
warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

10 

The share prices set forth in the column headings
of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price
of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately
prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment
and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares
in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable
upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon
exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to
the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column
headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of
which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price
of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Redemption Date (period to 
expiration of warrants) 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption date
may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised
will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values
and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume
weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the
expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A
ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the
table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately
following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there
are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their
warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis
in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally,
as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis
in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary
shares. 

11 

This redemption feature differs from the typical
warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash
(other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a
specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A
ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to
redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants
in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option
pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the of this prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism
by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no
longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant
holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we
determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best
interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when
the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will
provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary
shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A
ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if
and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number
of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares,
or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend,
sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A
ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend
of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold
in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such
rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible
into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be
taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and
(ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during
the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable
exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

12 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A
ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than
(a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other
cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration
of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash
dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares
issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal
to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the
rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with
the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will
be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any
securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary
shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or
similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which
will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
(other than the forward purchase securities) at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such
issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior
to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A
ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business
combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00
per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

13 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A
ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or
merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding
Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property
of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the
kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would
have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise
a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the
kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average
of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if
a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer
made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if
a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon
completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning
of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part,
own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property
to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the
expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been
purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange
offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration
receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares
in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market,
or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises
the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified
in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such
exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the
exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the
warrants. 

The warrants will be issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After
the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held
of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law,
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See
 Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings
that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims
under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole
and exclusive forum. 

14 

Private Placement Warrants 

Except as described below, the private placement
warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that were sold as part of the units in our initial public
offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants)
will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant
to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement
Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement
warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described above under Public Warrants Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor or
its permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees,
the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as
the warrants included in the units that were sold in our initial public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement
warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at
least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 

Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the
option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described above under Public Warrants 
Redemption procedures and cashless exercise, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless
basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the historical fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the
historical fair market value. The historical fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent
to the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. The reason that we have agreed
that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and permitted transferees is because
it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with
us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict
insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted
to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information.
Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such
exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling
such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or
finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post-business combination company at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

15 

Forward Purchase Securities 

Prior to the consummation of our initial public
offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement with the forward purchase investor pursuant to which the forward purchase investor
has agreed to purchase up to 50,000,000 of forward purchase units. Each forward purchase unit will consist of one Class A ordinary
share and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share, and will be sold at a purchase price of 10.00 per
unit in a private placement concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The obligations of the forward purchase
investor under the forward purchase agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders are
redeemed by us and the amount of forward purchase units sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be subject to the forward
purchase investor s sole discretion. The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights, as
described herein. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by
the forward purchase investor or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium
(subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. If we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant
agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees
against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims
and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

16 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. 

In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows
for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated
in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction) so as to form a single surviving company. 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two
Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve and enter into a written plan of merger or consolidation containing
certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually
a majority of two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such
other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution
is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary
company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must
be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements
of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the
plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign
company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company
are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out
below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of
those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed
and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that
no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement
has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands
exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that,
having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company
is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors
of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving
or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted
by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction
of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon
the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction;
and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

17 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies
Act provides certain limited appraisal rights for dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their
dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the
shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or
consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is
authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders,
the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within
20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention
to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the
shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within
20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition
with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses
of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the
hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if
any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list
filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting
shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an
open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration
for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated
company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory
provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally
be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as
a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme
of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate
a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders
and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class
of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a general meeting, or an
extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must
be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the
view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as
described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive
payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders
of United States corporations. 

18 

Squeeze-out Provisions 

When a tender offer is made and accepted by holders
of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders
of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands,
but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction
and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits 

Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands
legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been
brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we
will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors
usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would
in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply
in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or ultra vires (beyond the scope of its authority); 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action
against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities 

The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities
laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have
standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman)
LLP (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws
of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against
us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the
liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the
Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to
natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to
public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

19 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies 

We are an exempted company with limited liability
under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that
is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted
company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges
listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability means that the liability
of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances,
such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that apply
to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a
matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s
shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as
a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written
resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special
resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company
(i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

20 

Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees,
if any, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such a business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

21 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through
loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s
articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority
is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum
and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering,
structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these
provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or
waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorism Financing, Prevention
of Proliferation Financing and Financial Sanctions Compliance Cayman Islands 

If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows
or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering,
or is involved with terrorism, terrorist financing and property or proliferation financing or is the target of a financial sanction and
the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade,
profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting
Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to
criminal conduct, money laundering, terrorist financing, proliferation financing or a financial sanctions breach or (ii) a police
officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman
Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated
as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Data Protection Cayman Islands 

We have certain duties under the Data Protection
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 

22 

P rivacy Notice 

Introduction 

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice
that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within
the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to
us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor Data 

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure
personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course
of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities
of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data
in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security
measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction
or damage to the personal data. 

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized
as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive
this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the
Data Protection Act or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. 

We may also obtain personal data from other public
sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected
with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature,
nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account
details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who this Affects 

If you are a natural person, this will affect you
directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships)
that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will
be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them
of its content. 

How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The company, as the data controller, may collect,
store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

1. 
 where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

2. 
 where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

3. 
 where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should we wish to use personal data for other specific
purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. 

23 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged
to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman
Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including
tax authorities. 

We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons
who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States,
the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. 

The Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly
authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection
Act. 

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates
shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful
processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 

We shall notify you of any personal data breach
that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant
personal data relates. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary
shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to
obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 71,875,000 Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering
57,500,000 Class A ordinary shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act,
except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act. All of the 14,375,000 outstanding founder shares and all of the 9,333,333 outstanding private placement warrants are restricted securities
under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Upon the closing of the sale of
the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants, all of the forward purchase shares, forward purchase warrants and Class A
ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants will be restricted securities under Rule 144. 

24 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person
is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we
are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all
required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we
were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares
or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale,
would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a
number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which will equal 718,750 shares; and 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are
also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144
by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of
securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at
any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following
conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial shareholders will be able
to sell their founder shares and our sponsor will be able to sell its private placement warrants, and the securities underlying the foregoing,
pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

25 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working
capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may
be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder
rights agreement signed prior to our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration
and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to
become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as
described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary
shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, we have
agreed to use our reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a
registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying
Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event
later than sixty (60) days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the
earliest of (A) the date on which our sponsor or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date
all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities
Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings,
subject to certain limitations. In addition, the forward purchase agreement provides for piggy-back registration rights
to the holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year
after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the
closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion
or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject
to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and management team with respect to any founder shares, private placement
warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout
this prospectus as the lock-up. 

In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into
prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination,
will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities
covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Listing of Securities 

We have been approved to list our units on Nasdaq
under the symbol MSDAU. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the Class A
ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols MSDA and MSDAW, respectively. The
units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business combination. 

26 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_msdacquisit.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gregg Lemkau, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MSD Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision,to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gregg Lemkau 

Name: 
 Gregg Lemkau 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_msdacquisit.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John Cardoso, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of MSD Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Cardoso 

Name: 
 John Cardoso 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_msdacquisit.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gregg Lemkau, Chief Executive Officer of MSD Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Gregg Lemkau 

Gregg Lemkau 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_msdacquisit.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John Cardoso, Chief Financial Officer of MSD Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ John Cardoso 

John Cardoso 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 msda-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 msda-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 msda-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 msda-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 msda-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

