<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_944148_0001628280-23-005024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13090480</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>245681</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2870111</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4095626</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2985204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2688064</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005024.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224150259
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CBIZ, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944148
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				222769024
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32961
		FILM NUMBER:		23666235

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6801 BRECKSVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		DOOR N
		CITY:			INDEPENDENCE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2164479000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6801 BRECKSVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		DOOR N
		CITY:			INDEPENDENCE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNATIONAL ALLIANCE SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005024.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 cbz-20221231.htm
 10-K

cbz-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued the audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Table of Contents 

 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the last sales price of such common stock as of the closing of trading on June 30, 2022, was approximately billion. 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock is as of February 17, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 CBIZ, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 32 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 33 
 Item 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 37 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 41 

3 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including, without limitation, Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for future performance are forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements are commonly identified by the use of such terms and phrases as will, could, can, may, strive, hope, intend, believe, estimate, continue, plan, expect, project, anticipate, outlook, foreseeable future, seek and words or phrases of similar import in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated services, sales efforts, expenses, and financial results. 
 From time to time, we may also provide oral or written forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any other public statements that we make, are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in Item 1A. Risk Factors will be important in determining future results. Should one or more of these risks or assumptions materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. 
 Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Our actual future results may vary materially, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in the quarterly, periodic and annual reports we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Also note that we provide cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our businesses as discussed in Item 1 and Item 1A. These are factors that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Other factors besides those described here could also adversely affect operating or financial performance. 
 The following text is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed information and consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to we, our, us, CBIZ or the Company shall mean CBIZ, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year which ends on December 31. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 CBIZ, Inc. is a leading national provider of financial, insurance and advisory services designed to help our clients and their businesses grow and succeed. Founded on the simple idea that growing businesses of all sizes wanted and needed access to best in class professional services with a personalized, local approach, CBIZ is now one of the largest accounting, insurance brokerage, financial and advisory services providers in the country. Over 27 years, CBIZ has grown to a team of more than 6,500 professionals working through more than 120 offices located in 33 states and the District of Columbia. Shares of our common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol CBZ. 
 Business Strategy 
 Since our founding in 1996, CBIZ set out to build a company that would provide a breadth of services and depth of expertise that is unmatched in our industries to assist our clients' with their most pressing needs and greatest opportunities. CBIZ pursued this vision by establishing a national platform of core services that our clients rely on to support their day-to-day business. Our core services include accounting, tax, government health care consulting, employee benefits, property and casualty insurance, payroll, human capital management, retirement plan services and a host of similar services. Over time, CBIZ strengthened this model by adding advisory services that help our clients with specialized needs they may have from time to time. These services include financial advisory, transaction advisory, risk advisory, valuation, technical accounting, litigation support, preparation for IPO, actuarial, executive search and compensation consulting services. This combination of the core essential services our clients rely on us to provide on a regular basis and the more specialized advisory services that our clients need from time to time are fundamental to our ability to perform well in both favorable and less favorable business climates. 
 Acquisitions are a key part of our growth strategy. We pursue acquisitions to: enter attractive geographic markets, strengthen our presence in an existing market, add services or deepen our expertise for our existing offerings, expand into higher growth industries and service niches and access top talent. We seek to acquire the most highly regarded, best in class financial, insurance, and advisory firms that demonstrate a desire for a greater national platform and enhanced client service capabilities, possess strong leadership, cultural fit and a client base with cross-serving potential. 
 Available Information - Our principal executive office is located at 6801 Brecksville Road, Door N, Independence, Ohio 44131, and our telephone number is (216) 447-9000. Our website is located at https://www.cbiz.com . We make available, free of charge on our website, through our investor relations page, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we file (or furnish) such reports with the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet Website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about us at https://www.sec.gov . Our corporate code of conduct and ethics and the charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors are available on the investor relations page of our website, referenced above, and in print to any shareholder who requests them. 
 Business Services - We deliver our services through the following three practice groups: Financial Services, Benefits and Insurance Services, and National Practices. A general description of the services provided by each practice group is presented in the table below. 
 
 Financial Services Benefits and Insurance Services National Practices Accounting and Tax Employee Benefits Consulting Information Technology Managed Networking and Hardware Services Financial Advisory Payroll / Human Capital Management Healthcare Consulting Valuation Property and Casualty Insurance Risk and Advisory Services Retirement and Investment Services Government Healthcare Consulting 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Services 
 Financial Services is comprised of core accounting services including traditional accounting, tax compliance, advisory, and specialty services, like transaction and risk advisory services, litigation support, valuation, and federal and state government health care compliance and consulting. The leader of each service line reports to the President of Financial Services. 
 Restrictions imposed by independence requirements and state accountancy laws and regulations preclude us from rendering audit and attest services (other than internal audit services). As such, we maintain joint-referral relationships and administrative service agreements ASAs with independent licensed Certified Public Accounting CPA firms (the CPA firms under which audit and attest services may be provided to our clients by such CPA firms. At December 31, 2022, we maintained ASAs with four CPA firms. Most of the members and/or stockholders of those CPA firms are also our team members, and we render services to the CPA firms as an independent contractor. One of our ASAs is with Mayer Hoffman McCann, P.C. Mayer Hoffman ), an independent national CPA firm headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. Mayer Hoffman has 201 stockholders. Mayer Hoffman maintains a nine member Board of Directors. There are no board members of Mayer Hoffman who hold senior officer positions at CBIZ. Our association with Mayer Hoffman offers clients access to the multi-state resources and expertise of a national CPA firm. We also have an ASA with Myers and Stauffer LC MSLC ), an independent national governmental health care consulting firm headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. MSLC has fourteen equity members, all of whom are also our team members. MSLC maintains a five-member executive committee, none of whom hold senior officer positions at CBIZ. Although the ASAs do not constitute control, we are one of the beneficiaries of the agreements and may bear certain economic risks. As such, the CPA firms with which we maintain ASAs qualify as variable interest entities. 
 The ASAs have terms ranging up to 22 years, are renewable upon agreement by both parties, and have certain rights of extension and termination. Under these ASAs, we provide a range of services to the CPA firms, including (but not limited to): administrative functions such as office management, bookkeeping and accounting; preparing marketing and promotional materials; providing office space, computer equipment, systems support and administrative and professional staff. Services are performed in exchange for a fee. Fees earned by us under the ASAs are recorded as revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and totaled approximately 235.4 million, 174.8 million and 159.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a majority of which is related to services rendered to privately-held clients and governmental agencies. In the event that accounts receivable and unbilled work in process become uncollectible by the CPA firms, the service fee due to us is typically reduced on a proportional basis. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Benefits and Insurance Services 
 Benefits and Insurance Services provides brokerage and consulting expertise for group health benefits and property and casualty insurance in addition to retirement plan advisory and investment services, payroll, human capital management, and other related services. The leader for each service line reports to the President of Benefits and Insurance Services. 
 The Benefits and Insurance Services practice group maintains relationships with many different insurance carriers. We do not assume underwriting risk. Some of these carriers have compensation arrangements with us whereby some portion of payments due to the Company may be contingent upon meeting certain performance goals, or upon our providing client services that would otherwise be provided by the carriers. These compensation arrangements are provided to us as a result of our performance and expertise, and may result in enhancing our ability to access certain insurance markets and services on behalf of our clients. The aggregate compensation related to these arrangements received during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was less than 2 of consolidated CBIZ revenue for the respective periods. 
 National Practices 
 Our National Practices group provides two services: information technology focusing on managed networking and hardware services and healthcare consulting. The information technology business has been serving one client in the United States and Canada for more than 20 years. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The healthcare consulting business, with expertise in revenue management, reimbursement optimization and managed care contracting, serves hospitals and other healthcare providers. 
 Revenue 
 Revenue by practice group for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is provided in the table below (in thousands) along with a discussion of certain external relationships and regulatory factors that currently impact those segments. 
 Year End December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financial Services 1,010,068 71.5 734,026 66.4 629,778 65.3 Benefits and Insurance Services 358,007 25.4 332,323 30.1 297,758 30.9 National Practices 43,904 3.1 38,576 3.5 36,361 3.8 Total CBIZ revenue 1,411,979 100.0 1,104,925 100.0 963,897 100.0 
 Our revenue growth model includes three components: internal organic growth, cross-serving additional services to our existing clients, and strategic acquisitions. 
 We capitalize on organic growth opportunities by creating value for our clients to help them achieve their goals, take advantage of their greatest opportunities or address their biggest challenges. We focus on building long-term relationships with our clients. We do this by offering our clients a personalized service experience that is backed by national resources. This approach enables our clients to access a breadth of services and depth of expertise typically not available through smaller, regional professional services providers but with a more tailored client experience than what is delivered by many national firms. Our ability to coordinate services and offer more comprehensive solutions enables us to provide additional value to our clients. 
 Cross-serving provides us with the opportunity to offer and deliver multiple services to our existing clients. Cross-serving opportunities are identified by our professionals and then through internal coordination, we can offer a more comprehensive solution that may engage different business service lines. Being our clients preferred partner allows us the opportunity to respond to our clients needs with diverse and integrated services and solutions. 
 From the time of our founding, we have pursued growth through strategic acquisitions. We pursue acquisitions to enter attractive geographic markets, strengthen our presence in an existing market, add services or deepen our expertise for our existing offerings, expand into higher growth industries and services niches and access top talent. Using clear criteria, we seek to identify, cultivate and pursue acquisitions of the most highly regarded, best in class financial, insurance, and advisory firms that demonstrate a desire for a greater national platform and enhanced client service capabilities, possess strong leadership, positive market reputation, cultural fit, commitment to exceptional client service, and a client base with cross-serving potential. In 2022, we completed two business acquisitions. From time to time, we divest, through sale or closure, business operations that do not contribute to our long-term objectives for growth or are not critical to our service offerings or markets. In 2022, we sold a small book of business in the Benefits and Insurance Services practice group. For further discussion regarding acquisitions and divestitures, refer to Note 18, Business Combinations, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Clients 
 We provide multi-disciplinary and comprehensive solutions and professional services to over 100,000 clients across 25 industries. Our client base is made up of approximately 60,000 business clients and 40,000 individual clients. Our business client base is geographically dispersed across the country and includes small, middle market, and large businesses and organizations ranging from less than 10 to more than 10,000 employees. Our largest client comprised approximately 2.4 of our consolidated revenue in 2022 and is included in the National Practices group. Management believes that the diversity of our client base helps insulate us from a downturn in a particular industry 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 or geographic market. Nevertheless, economic conditions among select clients and groups of clients may have an impact on the demand for the services that we provide. 
 Regulation 
 Our operations are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and professional governing bodies. Accordingly, our business services may be impacted by legislative changes by these bodies, particularly with respect to provisions relating to payroll, benefits administration and insurance services, pension plan administration and tax and accounting. We remain abreast of regulatory changes affecting our business, as these changes often affect clients activities with respect to employment, taxation, benefits, and accounting. For instance, changes in income, estate, or property tax laws may require additional consultation with clients subject to these changes to assist these clients to comply with revised regulations. 
 We are subject to industry regulation and changes, including changes in laws, regulations, and codes of ethics governing our accounting, insurance, registered investment advisory and broker-dealer operations, as well as in other industries, the interpretation of which may impact our operations. 
 We are subject to certain privacy and information security laws and regulations, including, but not limited to those under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Financial Modernization Act of 1999 (the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and other provisions of federal and state laws which may restrict our operations and give rise to expenses related to compliance. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to reform the oversight of public company auditing, improve the quality and transparency of financial reporting by those companies and strengthen the independence of auditors. 
 With respect to CPA firm clients that are required to file audited financial statements with the SEC, the SEC staff views us and the CPA firms with which we have contractual relationships as a single entity in applying independence rules established by the accountancy regulators and the SEC. Accordingly, we do not hold any financial interest in an SEC-reporting attest client of an associated CPA firm, enter into any business relationship with an SEC-reporting attest client that the CPA firm performing an audit could not maintain, or sell any non-audit services to an SEC-reporting attest client that the CPA firm performing an audit could not sell, under the auditor independence limitations set out in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other professional accountancy independence standards. Applicable professional standards generally permit us to provide additional services to privately-held companies in addition to those services which may be provided to SEC-reporting attest clients of an associated CPA firm. We and the CPA firms with which we are associated have implemented policies and procedures designed to enable us and the CPA firms to maintain independence and freedom from conflicts of interest in accordance with applicable standards. Given the policies set by us on our relationships with SEC-reporting attest clients of associated CPA firms, and the limited number and size of such clients, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 independence limitations do not, and are not expected to, materially affect our revenues. 
 The CPA firms with which we maintain ASAs may operate as limited liability companies, limited liability partnerships or professional corporations. The firms are separate legal entities with separate governing bodies and officers. Neither the existence of the ASAs nor the providing of services thereunder constitutes control of the CPA firms by us. The Company and the CPA firms maintain their own respective liability and risk of loss in connection with the performance of their respective services. Attest services are not permitted to be performed by any individual or entity that is not licensed to do so. We are not permitted to perform audits, reviews, compilations, or other attest services, do not contract to perform them and do not provide the associated attest reports. Given this legal prohibition and course of conduct, we do not believe it is likely that we would bear the risk of litigation losses related to attest services provided by the CPA firms. Although the ASAs do not constitute control, we are one of the beneficiaries of the agreements and may bear certain economic risks. As such, the CPA firms with which we maintain ASAs qualify as variable interest entities. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all governmental and professional organizations regulations relevant to the services we provide. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Liability Insurance 
 We carry insurance policies, including those for commercial general liability, automobile liability, property, crime, professional liability, directors and officers liability, fiduciary liability, cyber liability, employment practices liability and workers' compensation, subject to prescribed state mandates. Excess liability coverage is carried over the underlying limits provided by the commercial general liability, directors and officers liability, professional liability, cyber liability, and automobile liability policies. 
 Seasonality 
 Core financial services (traditional tax and accounting services) are impacted by seasonality given the nature of tax season due to a heavier volume of activity during the first four months of the year. Seasonality is most evident in the quarterly earnings per share ("EPS") as most of the annual EPS is earned during the first half of the year. Like most professional service companies, a large portion of our operating costs are relatively fixed in the short term, which generally results in higher operating margins in the first half of the year. 
 Competition 
 The professional business services industry is highly fragmented and competitive. We compete with national, regional and local professional services firms including accounting and tax firms, insurance brokers, payroll advisors and consulting firms. While many of our competitors tend to be mono-line in their offerings, we offer multi-disciplinary, holistic solutions that are comprehensive and provide higher value to our clients while eliminating the need for coordination between multiple service providers. We are also embedded in local and regional markets and build meaningful relationships to foster deeper understanding of our clients business and industry. 
 We believe that our strong client relationships, breadth of professional service offerings, and depth of expertise, as well as our ability to provide national expertise on a local level give us a competitive advantage. 
 Human Capital 
 At CBIZ, our value proposition to our clients is the breadth of our services and the depth of our expertise, including our unique ability to provide multi-disciplinary, coordinated solutions that respond to the complexity and uncertainty of today s business environment. CBIZ brings value because of the talent, expertise and commitment of the over 6,500 professionals that make up our team nationwide. 
 We are diligent in our efforts to attract, retain and develop talent. Recruitment is managed at the national level and supported by national and local resources based on a process that consistently and fairly utilizes best practices and various recruiting tools to source top talent. CBIZ recruiters cultivate relationships to establish strong networks of candidates, and are full life-cycle recruiters who stay with their candidates from first contact through their first 60 days as a CBIZ team member. Our recruitment team sources candidates through proactive research across multiple channels including professional associations, career websites, community organizations and social media networks, as well as schools, universities and institutions with a special emphasis on those entities that attract a diverse population. 
 CBIZ is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment in accordance with the requirements of all applicable state and federal laws, including race, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender identity, marital status, military status, sexual orientation, disability, or medical condition. The CBIZ Human Rights Policy demonstrates our commitment to respecting human rights throughout CBIZ. We believe the protection of human rights is fundamental to conducting great business, and believe we have both the ability and responsibility to drive positive change through our culture and business practices. 
 CBIZ is proud of its efforts to be a learning organization that provides opportunities for education, technical training, professional development, leadership development, coaching, and mentoring at every step in a team member's career. These opportunities are offered through in-person, virtual and on-demand programs. Most recently, CBIZ expanded our mentoring program to provide opportunities to team members. 
 At the foundation of our culture and approach to employee experience and engagement is our core values. We recognize that our uncompromising commitment to our values starting with we do the right thing is important to our team. CBIZ views our commitment to advancing diversity and inclusion as an extension of our core values. At CBIZ, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 diversity and inclusion are a business imperative as we strive to become an employer of choice for attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent. 
 CBIZ has been honored with numerous workplace awards based on feedback gathered directly from our team members. In 2022, CBIZ was awarded 84 workplace awards. A sample of the awards won include: 
 2022 America s Best Midsize Employers by Forbes This is the fifth time we have received this award. 50,000 Americans working for businesses with at least 1,000 employees were surveyed to rate, on a scale of zero to 10, how likely they would be to recommend their employer to others. They were also asked to nominate organizations in industries outside their own. 
 2022 Top Workplaces USA by Energage This award celebrates nationally recognized companies that make the world a better place to work together by prioritizing a people-centered culture and giving employees a voice. This award is based entirely on feedback from our team members. 
 Vault Accounting 50 CBIZ ranked in the Top 10 based on survey results and feedback from those who are CPAs in Financial Services. 
 Best Places to Work in Insurance We were selected and honored for the eighth consecutive year as a Best Places to Work in Insurance by Business Insurance magazine based on our commitment to attracting, developing and retaining great talent through employee benefits and other programs. We were recognized for this award based on core focus areas such as leadership and planning, corporate culture, communications, work environment and overall engagement. 
 2022 Best and Brightest Companies in the Nation Top 101 For the seventh year in a row, we were honored as a Best and Brightest Company by National Association of Business Resources ("NABR") based on our commitment to human resource practices and employee enrichment. 
 2022 Best and Brightness in Wellness We were honored by NABR, for the sixth consecutive time, as an organization that promotes a culture of wellness. 
 2022 Top Workplaces Culture Excellence Awards for Appreciation, Clue-in Leaders, Employee Value Proposition, Employee Wellbeing, Empowering Employees, Formal Training, Professional Development, Work-Life Flexibility by Energage These second-time awards recognize outstanding organizations across business-relevant culture categories. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 The following factors may affect our actual operating and financial results and could cause results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider the following information. 
 
 Risk Factors Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Payments on accounts receivable may be slower than expected, or amounts due on receivables or notes may not be fully collectible. Professional services firms often experience higher average accounts receivable days outstanding compared to many other industries, which may be magnified if the general economy worsens. If our collections become slower, our liquidity may be adversely impacted. We monitor the aging of receivables regularly and make assessments of the ability of customers to pay amounts due. We provide for potential bad debts and recognize additional reserves against bad debts as we deem it appropriate. Notwithstanding these measures, our customers may face unexpected circumstances that adversely impact their ability to pay their trade receivables or note obligations to us and we may face unexpected losses as a result. 
 We are dependent on the services of our executive officers, other key employees, and our staff, the loss of any of whom may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends in large part upon the abilities and continued services of our executive officers, our business unit presidents, other key employees, and our staff members. In the course of business operations, employees may retire, resign and seek employment elsewhere, particularly in the current employment environment, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 given wage pressures and worker shortages. While most employees are bound in writing to agreements containing non-compete, non-solicit, confidentiality, and other restrictive covenants barring competitive employment, client acceptance, and solicitation of employees for a period of between one and ten years following their resignation, not all employees are subject to such restrictions, especially in jurisdictions that disfavor restrictive employment covenants. Moreover, courts outside of such jurisdictions are at times reluctant to enforce such covenants. In light of the competitive employment environment and risks related to the enforcement of restrictive covenants, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain the services of such personnel. If we cannot retain the services of these personnel, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In order to support our growth, we intend to continue to effectively recruit, hire, train and retain additional qualified personnel. Our inability to attract and retain necessary personnel to support our growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Restrictions imposed by independence requirements and conflict of interest rules, as well as the nature and terms of the ASAs, may limit our ability to provide services to clients of the attest firms with which we have contractual relationships and the ability of such attest firms to provide attestation services to our clients. Restrictions imposed by independence requirements and state accountancy laws and regulations preclude us from rendering audit and other attest services (other than internal audit services). As such, we and our subsidiaries maintain joint-referral relationships and ASAs with independent licensed CPA firms under which audit and other attest services may be provided to our clients by such CPA firms. The CPA firms are owned by licensed CPAs, a vast majority of whom are employed by us. 
 Under these ASAs, we provide a range of services to the CPA firms, including: administrative functions such as professional staff, office management, bookkeeping, and accounting; preparing marketing and promotion materials; and providing office space, computer equipment, systems support and administrative support. Services are performed in exchange for a fee. Fees earned by us under the ASAs are recorded as revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. In the event that accounts receivable and unbilled work in process become uncollectible by the CPA firms, the service fee due to us is typically reduced on a proportional basis. 
 The ASAs do not provide us with control over the associated CPA firms, which are independent parties. As such, the continuation of the associations with these is subject to the terms and lengths of the various ASAs, and the ability of the parties to work cooperatively together. Our ability to provide non-attest services to clients that receive attest services from the associated CPA firms may be contingent on our ability to extend the ASAs as they expire, and the ability and willingness of the firms to retain their attest clients. 
 With respect to CPA firm clients that are required to file audited financial statements with the SEC, the SEC staff views us and the CPA firms with which we have contractual relationships as a single entity in applying independence rules established by the accountancy regulators and the SEC. Accordingly, we do not hold any financial interest in, nor do we enter into any business relationship with, an SEC-reporting attest client that the CPA firm performing an audit could not maintain; further, we do not provide any non-audit services to an SEC-reporting attest client that the CPA firm performing an audit could not sell under the auditor independence limitations set out in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other professional accountancy independence standards. SEC staff informed us that independence rules that apply to clients that receive attest services under SEC and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB standards from such CPA firms would prohibit such clients from holding any common stock of CBIZ. However, applicable professional standards generally permit us to provide additional services to privately-held companies, in addition to those services which may be provided to SEC-reporting attest clients of a CPA firm. We and the CPA firms have implemented policies and procedures designed to enable us to maintain independence and freedom from conflicts of interest in accordance with applicable standards. Given the pre-existing limits set by us on our relationships with SEC-reporting attest clients of associated CPA firms, and the limited number and size of such clients, the imposition of independence limitations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, SEC rule or interpretation, or PCAOB standards do not and are not expected to materially affect our revenues. 
 There can be no assurance that following the policies and procedures implemented by us and the CPA firms will enable us and the CPA firms to avoid circumstances that would cause us and them to lack independence from an SEC-reporting attest client; nor can there be any assurance that state, United States Government Accountability Office or United States Department of Labor accountancy authorities will not impose additional restrictions on the profession. To the extent that the CPA firms for whom we provide staffing, administrative and other services are affected, we may experience a decline in fee revenue from these businesses as well as expenses related to addressing independence concerns. To date, revenues derived from providing services in connection with attestation engagements of the attest firms performed for SEC-reporting clients have not been material. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our goodwill and other intangible assets could become impaired, which could lead to material non-cash charges against earnings and a material impact on our results of operations and statement of financial position. At December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets totaled 819.9 million and 131.8 million, respectively. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, we assess these assets, including client lists, to determine if there is any indication of impairment. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, adverse changes resulting from new governmental regulations, divestitures and sustained market capitalization declines may result in recognition of impairments. Any impairment of goodwill or intangible assets would result in a non-cash charge against current earnings, which could lead to a material impact on our results of operations and statements of financial position. 
 Certain liabilities resulting from acquisitions are estimated and could lead to a material impact on our results of operations. Through our acquisition activities, we record liabilities for future contingent earnout payments that are settled in cash or through the issuance of common stock. The fair value of these liabilities is assessed on a quarterly basis and changes in assumptions used to determine the amount of the liability or a change in the fair value of our common stock could lead to an adjustment that may have a material impact, favorable or unfavorable, on our results of operations. 
 We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, or they may prove disruptive and could result in the combined business failing to meet our expectations. The success of our acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses with current operations. If we are not able to successfully achieve this objective, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer or cost more to realize than expected. The process of integrating operations may require a disproportionate amount of resources and management attention. Our management team may encounter unforeseen difficulties in managing integrations. 
 It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of each company s ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, and policies that could adversely impact our operations. Any substantial diversion of management attention or difficulties in operating the combined business could affect our revenues and ability to achieve operational, financial and strategic objectives. 
 We will incur transaction, integration, and restructuring costs in connection with our acquisition program. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs in connection with our acquisition program, including fees of our attorneys, accountants, and financial advisors. If acquisitions are consummated, we expect to incur additional costs associated with transaction fees and other costs related to the acquisitions. If acquisitions are not consummated, such costs may adversely affect our revenues and ability to achieve operational, financial and strategic objectives. 
 Governmental regulations and interpretations are subject to changes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Changes in laws and regulations, or the interpretation and application thereof, could result in changes in the amount or the type of business services required by businesses and individuals, as well as our operational obligations under such legal or regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our operational, financial and strategic objectives. We cannot be sure that future laws and regulations will provide the same or similar opportunities for us to provide business consulting and management services to businesses and individuals, or to meet our operational, financial and strategic objectives. 
 Changes in the United States healthcare environment, including new healthcare legislation, may adversely affect the revenue and margins in our healthcare benefit businesses. Our employee benefits business, specifically our group health consulting and brokerage businesses, receives commissions for brokering employer-sponsored healthcare policies with insurance carriers on behalf of the client. In many cases, these commissions consist of a ratable portion of the insurance premiums on those policies, based upon a sliding scale pertaining to the dollar volume of premiums and/or the number of participants in the plan. 
 Changes in the healthcare environment, including, but not limited to, any legislated changes in the United States national healthcare system, that affect the methods by which insurance carriers remunerate brokers, could adversely impact our revenues and margins in this business. Specifically, legislation or other changes could afford our clients and their employees the ability to seek insurance coverage through other means, including, but not limited to, direct access with insurance carriers or other similar avenues, which could eliminate or adversely alter the remuneration brokers receive from insurance carriers for their services. Furthermore, statutory or regulatory changes may result in establishing alternatives to employer-sponsored healthcare insurance or replace it with government-sponsored health insurance programs. These changes could materially alter the healthcare in the 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 United States and our ability to provide effective services in these areas may be substantially limited and adversely affect revenue and margins in our healthcare benefit business. 
 Higher rates of unemployment in the United States could result in a general reduction in the number of individuals with employer-sponsored healthcare coverage. This decline in employee participation in healthcare insurance plans at our clients could result in a reduction in the commissions we receive from insurance carriers for our brokerage services, which could have an adverse impact on revenues and margins in this business. 
 We are subject to risks relating to processing customer transactions for our payroll and other transaction processing businesses. The high volume of client funds and data processed by us, or by our out-sourced resources abroad, in our transaction related businesses entails risks for which we may be held liable if the accuracy or timeliness of the transactions processed is not correct. In addition, related to our payroll and employee benefits businesses, we store personal information about some of our clients and their employees for which we may be liable under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act or other governmental regulations if the security of this information is breached. We could incur significant legal expense to defend any claims against us, even those claims without merit. While we carry insurance against these potential liabilities, we cannot be certain that circumstances surrounding such an error or breach of security would be entirely reimbursed through insurance coverage. We believe we have controls and procedures in place to address our fiduciary responsibility and mitigate these risks. However, if we are not successful in managing these risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving our computer systems or the systems of one or more of our vendors could materially and adversely affect our business. Our systems, like others in the industries we serve, are vulnerable to cyber security risks, and we are subject to potential disruption caused by such activities. Corporations such as ours are subject to frequent attacks on their systems. Such attacks may have various goals, from seeking confidential information to causing operational disruption. Although to date such activities have not resulted in material disruptions to our operations or, to our knowledge, a material breach of any security or confidential information, no assurance can be provided that such material disruptions or a material breach will not occur in the future. Any significant violations of data privacy could result in the loss of business, litigation, regulatory investigations, penalties, ongoing expenses related to client credit monitoring and support, and other expenses, any of which could damage our reputation and adversely affect the growth of our business. While we have deployed resources that are responsible for maintaining appropriate levels of cyber security, and while we utilize third-party technology products and services to help identify, protect, and remediate our information technology systems and infrastructure against security breaches and cyber-incidents, our responsive and precautionary measures may not be adequate or effective to prevent, identify, or mitigate attacks by hackers, foreign governments, or other actors or breaches caused by employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. We are also dependent on security measures that some of our third-party vendors and customers are taking to protect their own systems and infrastructures. If our third-party vendors do not maintain adequate security measures, do not require their sub-contractors to maintain adequate security measures, do not perform as anticipated and in accordance with contractual requirements, or become targets of cyber-attacks, we may experience operational difficulties and increased costs, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to risk as it relates to software that we license from third parties. We license software from third parties, much of which is integral to our systems and our business. The licenses are generally terminable if we breach our obligations under the license agreements. If any of these relationships were terminated or if any of these parties were to cease doing business or cease to support the applications we currently utilize, we may be forced to spend significant time and money to replace the licensed software. However, we cannot assure you that the necessary replacements will be available on reasonable terms, if at all. 
 We could be held liable for errors and omissions. All of our business services entail an inherent risk of malpractice and other similar claims resulting from errors and omissions. Therefore, we maintain errors and omissions insurance coverage. Although we believe that our insurance coverage is adequate, we cannot be certain that actual future claims, judgments, settlements, or related legal expenses would not exceed the coverage amounts. If such judgments, settlements, or related legal expenses exceed insurance coverage by a material amount, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, we cannot be certain that the different insurance carriers which provide errors and omissions coverage for different lines of our business will not dispute their obligation to cover a particular claim. If we have a large claim, or a large number of claims, on our insurance, the rates for such insurance may increase, and amounts expended in defense or settlement of these claims prior to exhaustion of deductible or self-retention levels may become significant, but contractual arrangements with clients may constrain our ability to incorporate such increases into service fees. Insurance rate increases, disputes by carriers over coverage questions, payments by us within 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 deductible or self-retention limits, as well as any underlying claims or settlement of such claims, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are not a CPA firm and we do not perform any attest services for clients. We do not maintain any ownership interest in or control over any CPA firm with which one of our subsidiaries may maintain an ASA. All of our administrative and professional staff who are provided to such CPA firms work under the sole direction, supervision and control of the particular CPA firm, and we do not control how attest work is conducted. For these reasons we do not believe we have liability to any party related to their receipt of attest services from such CPA firms. Nevertheless, from time to time we have been sued for attest work that we do not perform but which is performed by such CPA firms. While we have been successful to date in defending against such suits, it is possible that similar claims may be brought in the future. We will be required to defend against such claims, and may incur expenses related to such lawsuits and may not be successful in defending against such lawsuits. In the event that the CPA firms with which we maintain ASAs incur judgments and costs related to such suits that threaten the solvency of the CPA firms, we may incur expenditures related to such proceedings. 
 The business services industry is competitive and fragmented. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted. We face competition from a number of sources in the business services industry. Many of our competitors are large companies that may have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources. Our principal competitors include financial and management consulting firms, the consulting practices of major accounting firms, local and regional business services companies, independent contractors, the in-house or former in-house resources of our clients, as well as new entrants into our markets. We cannot assure you that, as our industry continues to evolve, additional competitors will not enter the industry or that our clients will not choose to conduct more of their business services internally or through alternative business services providers. Although we monitor industry trends and respond accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to anticipate and successfully respond to such trends in a timely manner. We cannot be certain that we will be able to effectively compete against current and future competitors, or that competitive pressure will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Given our levels of share-based compensation, our tax rate may vary significantly depending on our stock price. We apply FASB ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation under which the tax effects of the accounting for share-based compensation may significantly impact our effective tax rate from period to period. In periods in which our stock price is higher than the grant date fair value of the share-based compensation vesting or exercises in that period, we will recognize excess tax benefits that will decrease our effective tax rate. In future periods in which our stock price is lower than the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, our effective tax rate may increase. The amount and value of share-based compensation issued relative to our earnings in a particular period will also affect the magnitude of the impact of share-based compensation on our effective tax rate. These tax effects are dependent on our stock price and exercise activity, which we do not control, and a decline in our stock price could significantly increase our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results. 
 We may be subject to the actions of activist shareholders. Our Board of Directors and management team are committed to acting in the best interest of all of our shareholders. We value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our shareholders regarding strategy and performance. Activist shareholders who disagree with the composition of the Board of Directors, our strategy or management approach may seek to effect change through various strategies and channels. Responding to shareholder activism can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, and divert the attention of management and our employees from our strategic initiatives. Activist campaigns can create perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy, or leadership and may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new employees, investors, and customers, and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation. 
 Changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The FASB, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB and the SEC) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how we record and report our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In unusual circumstances, we could be required to retroactively apply a new or revised standard, resulting in changes to previously reported financial results. 
 Rapid technological changes could significantly impact our competitive position, client relationships and operating results. The professional business services industry has been and continues to be impacted by significant technological changes and innovation, enabling companies to offer services competitive with ours. Those 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 technological changes may (i) reduce demand for our services, (ii) enable the development of competitive products or services, or (iii) enable our current customers to reduce or bypass the use of our services. Additionally, rapid changes in artificial intelligence, block chain-based technology, automation and related innovations are increasing the competitiveness landscape. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these changes and demand for our services could be further reduced by advanced technologies being deployed by our competitors. The effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies in our business may require us to incur significant expenses. In some cases, we depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support. If these third parties fail to perform their obligations or cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. 
 Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of Greenhouse Gases could result in increased operating costs. In 2009, the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") published its findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, and other greenhouse gases GHGs ), present an endangerment to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to the warming of the earth's atmosphere and other climate changes. These findings allow the EPA to adopt and implement regulations that would restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air Act. The EPA has adopted two sets of regulations under the existing Clean Air Act that would require a reduction in emissions of GHGs from motor vehicles and could trigger permit review for GHG emissions from certain stationary sources. In addition, both houses of Congress have actively considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, and almost one-half of the states have taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs primarily through the planned development of GHG emission inventories and/or regional GHG cap and trade programs. Most of these cap and trade programs work by requiring either major sources of emissions or major producers of fuels to acquire and surrender emission allowances, with the number of allowances available for purchase reduced each year until the overall GHG emission reduction goal is achieved. The adoption and implementation of any regulations imposing GHG reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to monitor and to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with our operations. 
 The widespread outbreak of a communicable illness or any other public health crisis could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may face risks related to public health threats or widespread outbreak of a communicable illness. A widespread outbreak of a communicable disease or a public health crisis could adversely affect the global and domestic economy and our business partners ability to conduct business in the United States for an indefinite period of time. For example, in March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a new strain of coronavirus COVID-19 a pandemic. The global spread of COVID-19 has negatively impacted the global economy and disrupted both financial markets and international trade. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in increased unemployment levels and significantly impacted global supply chain. In addition, federal, state, and local governments have implemented various mitigation measures, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, shelter-in-place restrictions, and limitations on business activities. Although we are considered an essential business, some of these actions have adversely impacted the ability of our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and other business partners to conduct business activities, and could ultimately do so for an indefinite period of time. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and will depend on numerous factors that we may not be able to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic, governmental actions in response to the pandemic, the impact of business and economic disruptions on our clients and their demand for our services, and our clients ability to pay for our services. 
 We are reliant on information processing systems and any failure or disruptions of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to provide business services depends on our capacity to store, retrieve, process and manage significant databases, and expand and upgrade periodically our information processing capabilities. Interruption or loss of our information processing capabilities through loss of stored data, breakdown or malfunctioning of computer equipment and software systems, telecommunications failure, or damage caused by extreme weather conditions, electrical power outage, geopolitical events, or other disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have disaster recovery procedures in place and insurance to protect against such contingencies, we cannot be sure that insurance or these services will continue to be available, cover all our losses or compensate us for the possible loss of clients occurring during any period that we are unable to provide business services. 
 We may not be able to acquire and finance additional businesses which may limit our ability to pursue our business strategy. We acquired two businesses during 2022, and maintain a robust pipeline of potential businesses for acquisition. Strategic acquisitions are part of our growth strategy, and it is our intention to selectively acquire businesses or client lists that are complementary to existing service offerings in our target markets and/or 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 new and attractive markets. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to continue identifying appropriate acquisition candidates and acquire them on satisfactory terms, and we cannot be assured that such acquisitions, even if completed, will perform as expected or will contribute significant synergies, revenues or profits. In addition, we may also face increased competition for acquisition opportunities, which may inhibit our ability to complete transactions on terms that are favorable to us. As discussed above, there are certain provisions under the 2022 credit facility that may limit our ability to acquire additional businesses. In the event that we are not in compliance with certain covenants as specified in the 2022 credit facility, we could be restricted from making acquisitions, restricted from borrowing funds from the 2022 credit facility for other uses, or required to pay down the outstanding balance on the line of credit. However, management believes that funds available under the credit facility, along with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including planned acquisition activity in the foreseeable future. To the extent we are unable to find suitable acquisition candidates, an important component of our growth strategy may not be realized. 
 We require a significant amount of cash for interest payments on our debt and to expand our business as planned. At December 31, 2022, our debt consisted primarily of 265.7 million in principal amount outstanding under our 600 million unsecured credit facility (the 2022 credit facility or the credit facility ). Our debt requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to pay interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to use for acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. Our ability to make interest payments on our debt, and to fund acquisitions, will depend upon our ability to generate cash in the future. Insufficient cash flow could place us at risk of default under our debt agreements or could prevent us from expanding our business as planned. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations and future borrowings may not be available to us under the 2022 credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our other liquidity needs. Volatility in interest rates from monetary policy or economic conditions could increase expenses, cause uncertainty and impact our ability to pay interest on our indebtedness. Refer to Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, for further information regarding interest rate risk. 
 Terms of the 2022 credit facility may adversely affect our ability to run our business and/or reduce stockholder returns. The terms of the 2022 credit facility, as well as the guarantees of our subsidiaries, could impair our ability to operate our business effectively and may limit our ability to take advantage of business opportunities. For example, the 2022 credit facility may (i) restrict our ability to repurchase or redeem our capital stock or debt, or merge or consolidate with another entity; (ii) limit our ability to borrow additional funds or to obtain other financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments and general corporate purposes; (iii) limit our ability to dispose of our assets, to create liens on our assets, to extend credit or to issue dividends to our stockholders; and (iv) make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and reduce our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 
 Our failure to satisfy covenants in our debt instruments could cause a default under those instruments. Our debt instruments include a number of covenants relating to financial ratios and tests. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. The breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under these instruments. An event of default would permit our lenders and other debt holders to declare all amounts borrowed from them to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If the lenders accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our debt. 
 
 Risk Factors Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 We may be more sensitive to revenue fluctuations than other companies, which could result in fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. A substantial majority of our operating expenses, such as personnel and related costs and occupancy costs, are relatively fixed in the short term. As a result, we may not be able to quickly reduce costs in response to any decrease in revenue. This factor could cause our quarterly results to be lower than expectations of securities analysts and stockholders, which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. 
 The future issuance of additional shares could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Future sales or issuances of common stock, including those related to the uses described below, or the perception that sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and dilute the percentage ownership held by our stockholders. We have authorized 250.0 million shares of common stock, and have approximately 50.1 million shares of common stock outstanding at January 31, 2023. A substantial number of these shares have been issued in connection with acquisitions. As part of many acquisition transactions, shares are contractually 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 restricted from sale for a one-year period, and as of January 31, 2023, approximately 12 thousand shares of our common stock were under lock-up contractual restrictions that expire by December 31, 2023. We cannot be sure when sales by holders of our stock will occur, how many shares will be sold or the effect that sales may have on the market price of our common stock. 
 Our principal stockholders may have substantial control over our operations. Our stockholders that beneficially own (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) significant percentages of our common stock relative to other individual stockholders may exert substantial influence over actions that require the consent of a majority of our outstanding shares, including the election of directors. Our share repurchase activities may result in increased ownership percentages of these individuals and therefore increase the influence they may exert, if they do not participate in these share repurchase transactions or otherwise dispose of their common stock. 
 There is volatility in our stock price. The market for our common stock has, from time to time, experienced price and volume fluctuations. Factors such as announcements of variations in our quarterly financial results and fluctuations in revenue, as well as the expectations of stockholders and securities analysts regarding the ability of our business to grow and achieve certain revenue or profitability targets, could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of companies such as ours. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 6801 Brecksville Road, Door N, Independence, Ohio 44131, in leased premises. We lease more than 120 offices in 33 states and the District of Columbia and believe that our current facilities are sufficient for our current needs. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 Refer to Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information on legal proceedings, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information for Common Stock - Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the trading symbol CBZ. 
 Holders of Record - The number of holders of our common stock based on record ownership as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 2,287. 
 Dividends - Historically, we have not paid cash dividends on our common stock. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Financing Arrangements, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information relating to restrictions on declaring or making dividend payments under our 2022 credit facility. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities - During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued approximately 107 thousand shares of our common stock as payment for contingent consideration for current year and previous acquisitions. The above referenced shares were issued in transactions not involving a public offering in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The persons to whom the shares were issued had access to full information about the Company and represented that they acquired the shares for their own account and not for the purpose of distribution. The certificates for the shares contain a restrictive legend advising that the shares may not be offered for sale, sold, or otherwise transferred without having first been registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Shares repurchased during the three months ended December 31, 2022 (reported on a trade-date basis) are summarized in the table below (in thousands, except per share data). Average price paid per share includes fees and commissions. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Fourth Quarter Purchases Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan October 1 October 31, 2022 451 45.91 451 3,046 November 1 November 30, 2022 434 48.40 434 2,612 December 1 December 31, 2022 265 49.31 265 2,347 1,150 47.63 1,150 
 Refer to Note 13, Common Stock, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for future discussion on the Share Repurchase Program. 
 Performance Graph - The graph below matches the cumulative five-year total return of holders of CBIZ, Inc. s common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 index, the Russell 2000 index and a customized peer group of five companies that includes: Brown Brown, Inc., H R Block, Inc., Paychex, Inc., Resources Connection, Inc. and Willis Towers Watson Plc. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock, in each index, and in the peer group (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on December 31, 2017 and tracks it through December 31, 2022. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among CBIZ, Inc., the S P 500 Index, the Russell 2000 Index, and a Peer Group 

100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Fiscal year ending December 31. 
 Copyright 2023 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 Copyright 2023 Russell Investment Group. All rights reserved. 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 CBIZ, Inc. 100.00 127.51 174.50 172.23 253.20 303.24 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 Russell 2000 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 Peer Group 100.00 101.41 134.23 146.25 201.24 189.00 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations relates to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, 
 19 

uncertainties and assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. Please see the sections of this report entitled Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. This section generally discusses the results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial conditions for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 Financial Year in Review - Revenue of 1,412.0 million in 2022 grew 307.1 million, or 27.8 , from revenue of 1,104.9 million in 2021. Same-unit revenue increased by 119.9 million, or 10.9 , while acquisitions, net of divestitures, contributed 187.2 million to revenue, or 16.9 . A detailed discussion of revenue by practice group is included under Operating Practice Groups. Income from continuing operations in 2022 increased 34.5 million, or 48.7 , to 105.4 million from 70.9 million in 2021. Refer to Results of Operations - Continuing Operations for a detailed discussion of the components of income from continuing operations. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were 2.01 in 2022, compared to 1.32 in 2021, with a fully diluted weighted average share count of 52.4 million shares in 2022, compared to 53.7 million shares in 2021. 
 Strategic Use of Capital - Our first priority for the use of capital is to make strategic acquisitions. We completed the following two acquisitions in 2022: 
 Effective January 1, 2022, we acquired all of the non-attest assets of Marks Paneth LLP ("Marks Paneth"). Marks Paneth, based in New York City, is a provider of a full range of accounting, tax and consulting services to a wide range of industries. Marks Paneth is included as a component of our Financial Services practice group. Mayer Hoffman, with whom we maintain an ASA, acquired the attest assets from Marks Paneth in a separate transaction. Operating results are reported in the Financial Services practice group. 
 Effective July 1, 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets of Stinnett Associates, LLC ("Stinnett"). Stinnett, located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, is a professional advisory firm and certified Women's Business Enterprise providing internal audit, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, cybersecurity reviews, business continuity and disaster recovery, and fraud investigations to businesses of all sizes including Fortune 1000 organizations in a variety of industries. Operating results are reported in the Financial Services practice group. 
 
 Refer to Note 18, Business Combinations, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion on acquisitions. 
 We also have the financing flexibility and the capacity to actively repurchase shares of our common stock. We believe that repurchasing shares of our common stock is a prudent use of our financial resources, and that investing in our stock is an attractive use of capital and an efficient means to provide value to our shareholders. On February 7, 2023, the CBIZ Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 5.0 million shares of our common stock under our Share Repurchase Program (the Share Repurchase Program ), which may be suspended or discontinued at any time and expires on March 31, 2024. The shares may be purchased (i) in the open market, (ii) in privately negotiated transactions, or (iii) under Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, which may include purchases from our employees, officers and directors, in accordance with SEC rules. CBIZ management will determine the timing and amount of the transaction based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. 
 Pursuant to previously authorized share repurchase programs, we repurchased 2.8 million shares of our common stock in the open market at a total cost of approximately 122.8 million in 2022 and 3.0 million shares at a total cost of approximately 96.4 million in 2021. Refer to Note 13, Common Stock, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the Share Repurchase Program. 
 Recent Accomplishments and Other Events 
 Workplace Awards - In 2022, we were honored and recognized for 84 various national and local market awards. A sample of the awards won include: 
 20 

2022 America s Best Midsize Employers by Forbes This was the fifth time we have received this award. 50,000 Americans working for businesses with at least 1,000 employees were surveyed to rate, on a scale of zero to 10, how likely they would be to recommend their employer to others. They were also asked to nominate organizations in industries outside their own. 
 2022 Top Workplaces USA by Energage This award celebrates nationally recognized companies that make the world a better place to work together by prioritizing a people-centered culture and giving employees a voice. This award is based entirely on feedback from our team members. 
 Vault Accounting 50 CBIZ ranked in the Top 10 based on survey results and feedback from those who are CPAs in Financial Services. 
 Best Places to Work in Insurance We were selected and honored for the eighth consecutive year as a Best Places to Work in Insurance by Business Insurance magazine based on our commitment to attracting, developing and retaining great talent through employee benefits and other programs. We were recognized for this award based on core focus areas such as leadership and planning, corporate culture, communications, work environment and overall engagement. 
 2022 Best and Brightest Companies in the Nation Top 101 For the seventh year in a row, we were honored as a Best and Brightest Company by NABR based on our commitment to human resource practices and employee enrichment. 
 2022 Best and Brightness in Wellness We were honored by NABR, for the sixth consecutive time, as an organization that promotes a culture of wellness. 
 2022 Top Workplaces Culture Excellence Awards for Appreciation, Clue-in Leaders, Employee Value Proposition, Employee Wellbeing, Empowering Employees, Formal Training, Professional Development, Work-Life Flexibility by Energage These second-time awards recognize outstanding organizations across business-relevant culture categories. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 We provide professional business services that help clients manage their finances and employees. We deliver our integrated services through the following three practice groups: Financial Services, Benefits and Insurance Services and National Practices. A description of these groups operating results and factors affecting their businesses is provided below. 
 Same-unit revenue represents total revenue adjusted to reflect comparable periods of activity for acquisitions and divestitures. For example, for a business acquired on July 1, 2021, revenue for the period January 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 would be reported as revenue from acquired businesses whereas revenue for the periods from July 1 through December 31 of both years would be reported as same-unit revenue. Divested operations represent operations that did not meet the criteria for treatment as discontinued operations. Those businesses that have met the requirements to be treated as a discontinued operation are eliminated from continuing operations for all periods presented below. 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percent 2021 Percent (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Financial Services 1,010,068 71.5 734,026 66.4 Benefits and Insurance Services 358,007 25.4 332,323 30.1 National Practices 43,904 3.1 38,576 3.5 Total CBIZ revenue 1,411,979 100.0 1,104,925 100.0 
 A detailed discussion of same-unit revenue by practice group is included under Operating Practice Groups. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan - We sponsor a non-qualified deferred compensation plan ("NQDCP"), under which a CBIZ employee s compensation deferral is held in a rabbi trust and invested accordingly as directed by the employee. Income and expenses related to the deferred compensation plan are included in Operating expenses, Gross margin and Corporate General Administrative expenses and are directly offset by deferred compensation gains or losses in Other (expense) income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The deferred compensation plan has no impact on Income from continuing operations before income tax expense or diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. 
 Income and expenses related to the deferred compensation plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands) Operating (income) expenses (17,252) 17,317 Corporate general and administrative (income) expenses (2,393) 2,168 Other (expense) income, net (19,645) 19,485 
 Excluding the impact of the above-mentioned income and expenses related to the deferred compensation plan, the operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) As Reported NQDCP Adjusted of Revenue As Reported NQDCP Adjusted of Revenue Gross margin 223,367 (17,252) 206,115 14.6 159,290 17,317 176,607 16.0 Operating income 168,344 (19,645) 148,699 10.5 72,672 19,485 92,157 8.3 Other (expense) income, net (19,225) 19,645 420 18,241 (19,485) (1,244) (0.1) Income from continuing operations before income tax expense 141,493 141,493 10.0 93,040 93,040 8.4 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following table presents our operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Operating expenses 1,188,612 945,635 Operating expenses of revenue 84.2 85.6 Operating expenses excluding deferred compensation 1,205,864 928,318 Operating expenses excluding deferred compensation of revenue 85.4 84.0 
 Our operating expenses increased by 243.0 million. Operating expense as a percentage of revenue improved to 84.2 of revenue in 2022 as compared to 85.6 of revenue for the prior year. The non-qualified deferred compensation plan decreased operating expenses by 17.3 million in 2022, but increased operating expense by 17.3 million in 2021. Excluding the impact of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan, which was recorded in "Corporate and Other" for segment reporting purposes, operating expenses would have been 1,205.9 million, or 85.4 of revenue, in 2022 compared to 928.3 million, or 84.0 of revenue, in 2021. 
 The majority of our operating expenses relate to personnel costs, which includes (i) salaries and benefits, (ii) commissions paid to producers (iii) incentive compensation and (iv) share-based compensation. Excluding the impact of non-qualified deferred compensation plan, which was recorded in "Corporate and Other" for segment reporting purposes, operating expense increased by approximately 277.5 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Operating expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 included approximately 9.2 million non-recurring integration and retention costs related to the Marks Paneth acquisition. The increase in operating costs was driven by 224.9 million higher personnel cost (of which acquisitions contributed approximately 139.5 million), 12.2 million higher travel and entertainment costs, 12.1 million higher facility costs, 9.3 million higher computer and technology related costs, 5.6 million higher depreciation and amortization expense, 4.9 million higher professional fees, as well as 2.0 million higher marketing expense. Other discretionary spending increased by approximately 6.5 million to support the growth in business activities. Personnel costs and other operating expenses are discussed in further detail under Operating Practice Groups. 
 Corporate General Administrative Expenses 
 The following table presents our Corporate General Administrative G A expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) G A expenses 55,023 56,150 G A expenses of revenue 3.9 5.1 G A expenses excluding deferred compensation 57,416 53,982 G A expenses excluding deferred compensation of revenue 4.1 4.9 
 Our G A expenses decreased by approximately 1.1 million, or 2.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021, and decreased to 3.9 of revenue from 5.1 of revenue for the prior year. The non-qualified deferred compensation plan decreased G A expenses by 2.4 million in 2022, and increased G A expenses by 2.2 million in 2021. Excluding the impact of the deferred compensation plan, which was recorded in "Corporate and Other" for segment reporting purposes, G A expenses would have been 57.4 million, or 4.1 of revenue, in 2022 compared to 54.0 million, or 4.9 of revenue, in 2021. Excluding the impact of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan, which was recorded in "Corporate and Other" for segment purposes, G A expense increased by 3.4 million in 2022 as compared to prior year, attributable to 3.0 million higher personnel costs, a 1.3 million non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the Marks Paneth acquisition, 0.8 million higher travel and entertainment costs, 0.5 million higher marketing expense, offset by 2.2 million lower legal costs as compared to 2021. 
 Legal Settlement, net 
 On June 24, 2021, we reached a settlement agreement with University of Pittsburgh Medical Center pertaining a lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we paid a total settlement amount of 41.5 million and recorded a settlement loss of 30.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other (Expense) Income, net 
 The following table presents our Other (expense) income, net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands) Interest expense (8,039) (3,868) Gain on sale of operations, net 413 5,995 Other (expense) income, net (1) 
 (19,225) 18,241 Total other (expense) income, net (26,851) 20,368 
 (1) Other (expense) income, net includes a net loss of 19.6 million in 2022 and a net gain of 19.5 million in 2021, associated with the value of investments held in a rabbi trust related to the deferred compensation plan, which was recorded in "Corporate and Other" for segment reporting purposes. The adjustments to the investments held in a rabbi trust related to the deferred compensation plan are offset by a corresponding increase or decrease to compensation expense, which is recorded as Operating expenses and G A expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The deferred compensation plan has no impact on Income from continuing operations before income tax expense or diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense - Our primary financing arrangement is the 2022 credit facility. Interest expense was 8.0 million in 2022, compared to 3.9 million in 2021. Our average debt balance and weighted average interest rate was 267.0 million and 2.67 , respectively, in 2022, compared to 161.0 million and 1.88 , respectively, in 2021. Our debt is further discussed in Note 9, Debt and Financing Arrangements, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Gain on Sale of Operations, net - During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we recorded approximately 0.4 million additional gain related to a previously sold business as additional contingent proceeds were received. During the same period in 2021, we sold a small book of business and a business unit in the Benefit and Insurance practice group during 2021. Total proceeds from the sales were 9.7 million and net gain from such sales were approximately 6.0 million. 
 Other (Expense) Income, net - The majority of Other (expense) income, net consists of net gains and losses associated with the value of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan as discussed above, net adjustments to the fair value of our contingent purchase price liability related to prior acquisitions, as well as gains or losses related to the sale of assets. Other expense of 19.2 million in 2022 included a 19.6 million net loss related to the deferred compensation plan and 2.4 million net increase to the fair value of the contingent purchase price liability, partially offset by a 2.4 million gain related to the sale of a book of business as well as 0.4 million other miscellaneous income. Other income of 18.2 million in 2021 consisted of a net gain of 19.5 million related to the deferred compensation plan, partially offset by 2.4 million net increase to the fair value of the contingent purchase price liability due to 3.1 million net present value adjustment and 0.6 million stock price adjustment. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The following table presents our income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Income tax expense 36,121 22,129 Effective tax rate 25.5 23.8 
 The increase in income tax expense from 2021 to 2022 was primarily driven by higher pre-tax income. The increase in the effective tax rate from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to a higher state effective tax rate and higher non-deductible expenses in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 GAAP RECONCILIATION 
 Income from Continuing Operations to Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands) Income from continuing operations 105,372 70,911 Interest expense 8,039 3,868 Income tax expense 36,121 22,129 Gain on sale of operations, net (413) (5,995) Gain on sale of assets, net (2,391) Legal settlement, net 30,468 Transaction costs related to Marks Paneth (2) 
 1,329 Integration and retention costs related to Marks Paneth (2) 
 9,191 Depreciation 11,231 10,781 Amortization 21,664 16,297 Adjusted EBITDA 190,143 148,459 
 (1) We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP. This table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA, a Non-GAAP financial measure to the nearest GAAP financial measure, Income from continuing operations. Adjusted EBITDA is not defined by GAAP, is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and should not be considered in isolation from, or regarded as an alternative or replacement to, any measurement of performance or cash flow under GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is commonly used by us, our shareholders, and debt holders to evaluate, assess, and benchmark our operating results and to provide an additional 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 measure with respect to our ability to meet future debt obligations. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should be considered alongside our financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 (2) These costs include, but are not limited to, certain consulting, technology, personnel, as well as other first year operating and general administrative costs that are non-recurring in nature. 
 Operating Practice Groups 
 We deliver our integrated services through three practice groups: Financial Services, Benefits and Insurance Services and National Practices. A description of these groups operating results and factors affecting their businesses is provided below. 
 Financial Services 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Revenue Same-unit 821,109 734,026 87,083 11.9 Acquired businesses 188,959 188,959 Total revenue 1,010,068 734,026 276,042 37.6 Operating expenses 850,038 608,238 241,800 39.8 Gross margin / Operating income 160,030 125,788 34,242 27.2 Total other income (expense), net 682 (26) 708 N/M Income from continuing operations before income tax expense 160,712 125,762 34,950 27.8 Gross margin percentage 15.8 17.1 
 The Financial Services practice group revenue in 2022 grew by 37.6 to 1,010.1 million from 734.0 million in 2021. Same-unit revenue grew by 87.1 million, or 11.9 , across all service lines, driven by a 50.4 million increase from those units that provide traditional accounting and tax-related services, a 20.7 million increase in government healthcare compliance business, as well as a 16.0 million increase from those units that provide project-oriented advisory services. The impact of the acquired businesses, net of divestitures, contributed 189.0 million or 18.7 , of 2022 revenue. We provide a range of services to affiliated CPA firms under ASAs. Fees earned under the ASAs are recorded as revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and were 235.4 million and 174.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Operating expenses increased by 241.8 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of 183.1 million, or 35.6 , in higher personnel costs, of which acquisitions contributed approximately 139.5 million to the increase. Compared to the same period in 2021, facility costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, computer and technology related costs, professional services, recruiting, as well as marketing costs increased by 12.6 million, 6.7 million, 6.3 million, 4.9 million, 2.4 million, and 1.1 million, respectively, primarily due to the Marks Paneth acquisition. In addition, travel and entertainment costs increased by 8.0 million and other discretionary costs increased by approximately 16.7 million to support the business growth as well as the operation activities returning to the pre-pandemic level. Operating expense as a percentage of revenue increased to 84.2 in 2022 from 82.9 in 2021 primarily due to higher depreciation and amortization expenses and other fixed costs as a result of the Marks Paneth acquisition. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Benefits and Insurance Services 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Revenue Same-unit 358,007 330,580 27,427 8.3 Divested operation 1,743 (1,743) Total revenue 358,007 332,323 25,684 7.7 Operating expenses 290,387 271,650 18,737 6.9 Gross margin / Operating income 67,620 60,673 6,947 11.4 Total other income, net 2,386 7,111 (4,725) N/M Income from continuing operations before income tax expenses 70,006 67,784 2,222 3.3 Gross margin percentage 18.9 18.3 
 The Benefits and Insurance Services practice group revenue in 2022 grew by 7.7 to 358.0 million from 332.3 million in 2021. Same-unit revenue increased by 27.4 million, or 8.3 in 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was across all service lines, particularly driven by 10.4 million increase in employee benefit and retirement benefit services lines, 10.1 million increase in property and casualty services, 2.8 million in payroll related services, as well as 4.5 million increase in other project-based services. 
 Operating expenses increased by 18.7 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily driven by 16.1 million, or 7.7 , higher personnel costs, such as the timing and amount of annual merit increases, bonus accruals, and investment in new sales producers. Compared to 2021, travel and entertainment costs, computer and technology related costs, marketing and recruiting related costs, as well as direct costs increased by approximately 2.0 million, 0.9 million, 0.8 million, and 0.6 million respectively. In addition, other discretionary operating costs increased by approximately 1.1 million to support the business growth. The increase was offset by approximately 2.8 million decrease in bad debt expense primarily attributed to a 2.1 million direct write-off of certain commission receivables deemed uncollectible in 2021 which did not recur in 2022. Operating expense as a percentage of revenue decreased to 81.1 in 2022 from 81.7 in 2021. 
 National Practices 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Revenue Same-unit 43,904 38,576 Operating expenses 39,201 34,494 Gross margin / Operating income 4,703 4,082 Total other income, net 10 3 Income from continuing operations before income tax expenses 4,713 4,085 Gross margin percentage 10.7 10.6 
 Revenue growth in this practice group was primarily driven by our cost-plus contract with a single client, which has existed since 1999. The cost-plus contract is a five-year contract with the most recent renewal through December 31, 2023. Revenues from this single client accounted for approximately 75 of the National Practice group s revenue. Operating expenses have increased mainly due to an increase in salaries and benefits. 
 Corporate and Other 
 Corporate and Other are operating expenses that are not directly allocated to the individual business units. These expenses primarily consist of certain health care costs, gains or losses attributable to assets held in our non- 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 qualified deferred compensation plan, stock-based compensation, consolidation and integration charges, certain professional fees, certain advertising costs and other various expenses. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Operating expenses 8,986 31,253 (22,267) (71.2) Corporate general and administrative expenses 55,023 56,150 (1,127) (2.0) Legal settlement, net 30,468 (30,468) N/M Operating loss (64,009) (117,871) 53,862 (45.7) Total other (expense) income, net (29,929) 13,280 (43,209) N/M Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (93,938) (104,591) 10,653 (10.2) 
 Total operating expenses decreased by 22.3 million, or 71.2 in 2022 as compared to 2021. The non-qualified deferred compensation plan decreased operating expenses by 17.3 million in 2022, and increased operating expenses by 17.3 million in 2021. Excluding the non-qualified deferred compensation expenses, operating expense increased by approximately 12.3 million, driven by 10.4 million higher personnel costs due to increased healthcare costs and the headcount impact from the Marks Paneth acquisition. In addition, other operating costs, such as facility cost and marketing cost, increased by approximately 1.9 million to support business growth. 
 Total corporate general and administrative expenses decreased by 1.1 million, or 2.0 in 2022, as compared to 2021. The non-qualified deferred compensation plan increased corporate general and administrative expenses by 2.4 million in 2022, but decreased corporate general and administrative expenses by 2.2 million in 2021. Excluding the impact of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan, corporate general and administrative expenses increased by 3.4 million in 2022 as compared to the prior year, attributable to 3.0 million higher personnel costs, a 1.3 million non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the Marks Paneth acquisition, 0.8 million higher travel and entertainment costs, 0.5 million higher marketing expense, offset by 2.2 million lower legal costs as compared to 2021. 
 On June 24, 2021, we reached a settlement agreement with University of Pittsburgh Medical Center pertaining a lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we paid a total settlement amount of 41.5 million and recorded a settlement loss of 30.5 million in 2021. 
 Total other (expense) income, net increased by 43.2 million to 29.9 million of expense from a net income of 13.3 million in 2021. Total other (expense) income, net includes a net loss of 19.6 million and a net gain of 19.5 million associated with the non-qualified deferred compensation plan in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Excluding the impact of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan, total other income, net would have been an expense of 10.3 million in 2022 and an expense of 6.2 million in 2021, a net increase in expense of approximately 4.1 million. The increase was driven by 4.2 million higher interest expense due to higher average debt balance as well as higher weighted average effective interest rate experienced in 2022 as compared to 2021, offset by 0.1 million decrease in other miscellaneous expenses. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The following table is derived from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 126,132 131,154 Net cash used in investing activities (99,118) (82,010) Net cash used in financing activities (17,343) (69,005) 
 We generate strong cash flows from operations and have access to a 600.0 million credit facility, which enables us to fund investments and operating projects that are designed to optimize shareholder return. Cash flows from 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 operations and available capital resources allow us to make strategic acquisitions, repurchase shares of our common stock when accretive to shareholders, meet working capital needs, and service our debt. Generally, we maintain low levels of cash and apply any available cash to pay down our outstanding debt balance. Due to the seasonal nature of the Financial Services practice group s accounting and tax services in the first four months of the fiscal year, we historically generate much of our cash flows during the last three quarters of the fiscal year. 
 Our working capital management primarily relates to trade accounts receivable, accounts payable, incentive-based compensation and other assets, which consists of other receivables and prepaid assets typically related to activities in the normal course of our business operations. At any specific point in time, working capital is subject to many variables, including seasonality and the timing of cash receipts and payments, most notably in the timing of insurance premiums to the carriers within our Benefits and Insurance practice group. We have restricted cash on deposit from clients in connection with the pass-through of insurance premiums to the carrier with the related liability for these funds recorded in Accounts payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Accounts receivable balances increase in response to the increase in revenue generated by the Financial Services practice group during the first four months of the year. A significant amount of this revenue is billed and collected in subsequent quarters. Days sales outstanding DSO from continuing operations represent accounts receivable and unbilled revenue (net of realization adjustments) at the end of the period, divided by trailing twelve months' daily revenue. DSO was 74 days as of December 31, 2022 and 71 days as of December 31, 2021. We provide DSO data because such data is commonly used as a performance measure by analysts and investors and as a measure of our ability to collect on receivables in a timely manner. 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 2022 compared to 2021 - Cash provided by operating activities was 126.1 million during 2022, contributed to net income of 105.4 million and certain non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization expense of 32.9 million, share-based compensation expense of 14.7 million, deferred income tax of 13.9 million, bad debt expense of 1.2 million, adjustment to the fair value of contingent purchase consideration of 2.4 million, as well as 42.0 million of cash generated from working capital management. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 131.2 million during 2021, primarily contributed to net income of 70.9 million and certain non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization expense of 27.1 million, share-based compensation expense of 11.4 million, deferred income tax of 9.2 million, bad debt expense of 3.1 million, adjustment to the fair value of contingent purchase consideration of 2.4 million, as well as 13.3 million of cash generated from working capital management. 
 The 5.0 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to a net decrease of 55.3 million in cash generated from working capital of which approximately 44.1 million was attributable to the increase in use of cash to fund accounts receivable as a result of higher revenue, 20.3 million was attributable the change in other assets and other liabilities primarily due to 15.5 million cash used to make deferred FICA taxes payments and payment for other prepaid assets to support business activities, offset by approximately 11.1 million increase in cash generated from operating activities attributable to higher accounts payable to support growing business activities. The 55.3 million decrease in cash generated from operating activities was offset by approximately 50.3 million inflow of cash primarily driven by 34.5 million higher net income as well as 15.8 million cash inflow from non-cash items such as higher depreciation and amortization costs, higher deferred tax expenses, higher stock-based compensation costs, as well as lower gain on sale of operations and assets. 
 Investing Activities 
 The majority of our investing activities relate to acquisitions, capital expenditures and net activity related to funds held for clients. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 18, Business Combinations, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our acquisitions and a further description of funds held for clients and client fund obligations. 
 2022 - Net cash used in investing activities in 2022 consisted of 79.1 million related to business acquisitions, 8.6 million in capital expenditures, 7.4 million net purchase of client funds, 7.0 million payments of working capital adjustments related to previously completed acquisitions, offset by 3.0 million proceeds received from the sale of a small book of business in the Benefit and Insurance practice group. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 2021 - Net cash used in investing activities in 2021 consisted primarily of 66.7 million related to business acquisitions, 12.1 million net purchase of client funds, and 9.0 million in capital expenditures, offset by 9.7 million proceeds from the sale of one book of business in the Benefit and Insurance practice group. 
 Financing Activities 
 The majority of our financing activities relate to our 2022 credit facility, share repurchases, net client fund obligation activity, as well as contingent consideration payments for prior acquisitions. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Financing Arrangements, and Note 13, Common Stock, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our 2022 credit facility and Share Repurchase Program. 
 2022 - Net cash used in financing activities in 2022 consisted of 129.8 million of share repurchases, 21.2 million of contingent consideration payments for prior acquisitions and 2.1 million paid as deferred financing costs related to the 2022 credit facility, partially offset by a net increase of 15.4 million in client fund obligations, 10.0 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and 110.4 million net proceeds from borrowings under our 2022 credit facility. 
 2021 - Net cash used in financing activities in 2021 consisted of 100.5 million of share repurchases, a net decrease of 8.9 million in client fund obligations, and 14.1 million of contingent consideration payments for prior acquisitions, partially offset by 7.3 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and 47.3 million net proceeds from borrowings under our 2018 credit facility. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The following table presents our capital structure (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Bank debt 265,700 155,300 Stockholders' equity 713,452 704,548 Total capital 979,152 859,848 
 Credit Facility - Our primary financing arrangement is the 600.0 million unsecured credit facility, by and among CBIZ Operations, Inc., CBIZ, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and bank, and other participating banks, which provides us with the capital necessary to meet our working capital needs as well as the flexibility to continue with our strategic initiatives, including business acquisitions and share repurchases, and matures in 2027. At December 31, 2022, we had 265.7 million outstanding under the credit facility, as well as letters of credit and license bonds totaling 7.3 million. Available funds under the credit facility, based on the terms of the commitment, were approximately 319.9 million at December 31, 2022. The weighted average interest rate under the credit facility was 2.67 in 2022 and 1.88 in 2021. The credit facility allows for the allocation of funds for future strategic initiatives, including acquisitions and the repurchase of our common stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the credit facility. 
 Debt Covenant Compliance - We are required to meet certain financial covenants with respect to (i) total leverage ratio and (ii) interest coverage ratio. We were in compliance with our covenants as of December 31, 2022. Our ability to service our debt and to fund future strategic initiatives will depend upon our ability to generate cash in the future. For further discussion regarding the 2022 credit facility, refer to Note 9, Debt and Financing Arrangements, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Use of Capital - Our first priority for the use of capital is to make strategic acquisitions. We completed two business acquisitions in 2022. Refer to Note 18, Business Combinations, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion on acquisitions. We also have the financing flexibility and the capacity to actively repurchase shares of our common stock in the open market. We believe that repurchasing shares of our common stock is a prudent use of our financial resources, and that investing in our stock is an attractive use of capital and an efficient means to provide value to our shareholders. We repurchased 2.8 million shares of our common stock in the open market at a total cost of approximately 122.8 million in 2022 and 3.0 million shares at a total cost of approximately 96.4 million in 2021. Refer to Note 13, Common Stock, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the Share Repurchase Program. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Requirements for 2023 - Cash requirements for 2023 will include acquisitions, interest payments on debt, seasonal working capital requirements, contingent earnout payments for previous acquisitions, share repurchases and capital expenditures. We believe that cash provided by operations, as well as available funds under the 2022 credit facility will be sufficient to meet cash requirements for the next 12 months. 
 
 OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements - We maintain ASAs with independent CPA firms (as described more fully under Business - Financial Services and in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), which qualify as variable interest entities. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not reflect the operations or accounts of variable interest entities as the impact is not material to the consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows of CBIZ. 
 We provide letters of credit for insurance needs as well as to landlords (lessors) of our leased premises in lieu of cash security deposits. Letters of credit totaled 5.0 million and 3.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, we provide license bonds to various state agencies to meet certain licensing requirements. The amount of license bonds outstanding was 2.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We have various agreements under which we may be obligated to indemnify the other party with respect to certain matters. Generally, these indemnification clauses are included in contracts arising in the normal course of business under which we customarily agree to hold the other party harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations, warranties, covenants or agreements, related to matters such as title to assets sold and certain tax matters. Payment by us under such indemnification clauses are generally conditioned upon the other party making a claim. Such claims are typically subject to challenge by us and to dispute resolution procedures specified in the particular contract. Further, our obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time and/or amount and, in some instances, we may have recourse against third parties for certain payments made by us. It is not possible to predict the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnification agreements due to the conditional nature of our obligations and the unique facts of each particular agreement. Historically, we have not made any payments under these agreements that have been material individually or in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, we were not aware of any obligations arising under indemnification agreements that would require material payments. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management - We do not purchase or hold any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We utilize interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk exposure associated with our floating-rate debt under the credit facility. Under these interest rate swap contracts, we receive cash flows from counterparties at variable rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and pay the counterparties a fixed rate. To mitigate counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with selected major financial institutions with investment grade ratings and continually assess their creditworthiness. There are no credit risk-related contingent features in our interest rate swaps nor do the swaps contain provisions under which we would be required to post collateral. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the notional value of all of our interest rate swaps was 115.0 million, with maturity dates ranging from June, 2023 to August, 2027. For further details on our interest rate swaps, refer to Note 6, Financial Instruments, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 In connection with payroll services provided to clients, we collect funds from our clients accounts in advance of paying these client obligations. These funds held for clients are segregated and invested in accordance with our investment policy, which requires that all investments carry an investment grade rating at the time of initial investment. The interest income on these investments mitigates the interest rate risk for the borrowing costs of the 2022 credit facility, as the rates on both the investments and the outstanding borrowings against the credit facility are based on market conditions. Refer to Note 6, Financial Instruments, and Note 9, Debt and Financing Arrangements, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding investments and our debt and financing arrangements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP is based on the selection and application of accounting policies that require us to make significant estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. In preparing these financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the consolidated financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. We consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical to the understanding of our consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, and any such difference could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Significant accounting policies, including Revenue Recognition, are described more fully in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Accounts Receivable and Notes Receivable - We determine the net amount expected to be collected on our accounts receivable, both billed and unbilled, and notes receivable, based on a combination of factors, including but not limited to our historical incurred loss experience, credit-worthiness of our clients, the age of the receivable balance, current economic conditions that may affect a client's ability to pay, and current and projected economic trends and conditions at the balance sheet date. Significant management judgments and estimates must be made and used in connection with establishing the allowance for doubtful accounts for each accounting period. Material differences may result if facts and circumstances change in relation to the original estimation. 
 Business Combinations - We recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date at fair value. Fair value measurements require extensive use of estimates and assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows to be generated by the acquired assets. In addition, we recognize and measure contingent consideration at fair value as of the acquisition date using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. The fair value of contingent consideration obligations that are classified as liabilities are reassessed each reporting period. Any change in the fair value estimate is recorded in the earnings of that period. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of the acquired business and the related fair value of the net assets acquired. A significant portion of our assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets is goodwill. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of goodwill totaled 819.9 million, compared to total assets of 1.9 billion and total shareholders equity of 713.5 million. Intangible assets consist of identifiable intangibles other than goodwill. Identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill include client lists and non-compete agreements, which require significant judgments in determining the fair value. We carry client lists and non-compete agreements at cost, less accumulated amortization, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter. In addition to our annual goodwill test, on a periodic basis, we are required to consider whether it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50 that the fair value has fallen below its carrying value, thus requiring us to perform an interim goodwill impairment test. Intangible assets with definite lives, such as client lists and non-compete agreements, are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives (generally ranging from two to fifteen years). We review these assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset s carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is assessed based on a comparison of the undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the asset. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow analysis or market comparable method. 
 The goodwill impairment test is performed at a reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment of a business or one level below an operating segment. At December 31, 2022, we had five reporting units. We may use either a qualitative or quantitative approach when testing a reporting unit s goodwill for impairment. Under the qualitative assessment, we are not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If under the quantitative assessment the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the amount of the impairment loss, if any, must be measured. Any such impairment charge would reduce earnings and could be material. 
 After considering changes to assumptions used in our most recent quantitative testing for each reporting unit, including the capital market environment, economic and market conditions, industry competition and trends, our weighted average cost of capital, changes in management and key personnel, the price of our common stock, changes in our results of operations, the magnitude of the excess of fair value over the carrying amount of each reporting unit as determined in our most recent quantitative testing, and other factors, we concluded that it was 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 more likely than not that the fair values of each of our reporting units were more than their respective carrying values and, therefore, did not perform a quantitative impairment analysis. For further information regarding our goodwill balances, refer to Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Loss Contingencies - Loss contingencies, including litigation claims, are recorded as liabilities when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. Contingent liabilities are often resolved over long time periods. Estimating probable losses requires analysis that often depends on judgment about potential actions by third parties. Refer to Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Other Significant Policies - Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of management judgment and uncertainty as those discussed above, are also critical in understanding the consolidated financial statements. Those policies are described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements - Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 We do not purchase or hold any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We utilize interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk exposure associated with our floating-rate debt under the credit facility. Under these interest rate swap contracts, we receive cash flows from counterparties at variable rates based on SOFR and pay the counterparties a fixed rate. To mitigate counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with selected major financial institutions with investment grade ratings and continually assess their creditworthiness. There are no credit risk-related contingent features in our interest rate swaps nor do the swaps contain provisions under which we would be required to post collateral. 
 The notional value, fixed rate of interest and expiration date of each interest rate swap is (i) 15.0 million 2.571 June, 2023, (ii) 50.0 million 0.834 April, 2025, (iii) 30.0 million 1.186 December, 2026, and (iv) 20.0 million 2.450 August, 2027. Refer to Note 6, Financial Instruments, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding interest rate swaps. 
 Interest rate risk results when the maturity or repricing intervals of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are different. A change in the Federal Funds Rate, or the reference rate set by Bank of America, N.A., would affect the rate at which we could borrow funds under the 2022 credit facility. Our balance outstanding under the 2022 credit facility at December 31, 2022 was 265.7 million, of which 150.7 million is subject to rate risk. If market rates were to increase or decrease 100 basis points from the levels at December 31, 2022, interest expense would increase or decrease approximately 1.5 million annually. 
 In connection with our payroll business, funds held for clients are segregated and invested in short-term investments, such as corporate and municipal bonds. In accordance with our investment policy, all investments carry an investment grade rating at the time of the initial investment. At each respective balance sheet date, these investments are adjusted to fair value with fair value adjustments being recorded to other comprehensive income or loss for the respective period. Refer to Notes 6, Financial Instruments, and Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding these investments and the related fair value assessments. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 The Financial Statements, together with the notes thereto and the report of KPMG LLP dated February 24, 2023 thereon, and the Supplementary Data required hereunder, are included in this Annual Report as set forth in Item 15(a) hereof and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures - Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation Controls Evaluation was done with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Disclosure Controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure Controls include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls - Management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, does not expect that its Disclosure Controls or its internal control over financial reporting Internal Controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. Although our Disclosure Controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objective, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the objectives of a control system are met. Further, any control system reflects limitations on resources, and the benefits of a control system must be considered relative to its costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of a control. A design of a control system is also based upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 Conclusions - Based upon the Controls Evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Disclosure Controls are effective at the reasonable assurance level described above. There were no changes in our Internal Controls that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our Internal Controls. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting - Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework provided in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management has excluded from the scope of its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the operations and related assets of Marks Paneth LLP and Stinnett Associates, LLC, which were acquired on January 1, 2022 and July 1, 2022, respectively. The aggregated total assets and revenue from Marks Paneth LLP and Stinnett Associates, LLC were 95.4 million and 148.1 million, which represents approximately 5.1 and 10.5 of our respective consolidated total assets and total revenue as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent auditor, KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting which appears in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Information with respect to this item not included below is incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of CBIZ s fiscal year. 
 We have adopted a Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics Guide that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics Guide is available on the investor information page of our website, located at https://www.cbiz.com , and in print to any shareholder who requests them. Any waiver or amendment to the code will be posted on our website. 
 Information about our Executive Officers, Directors and Key Employees - The following table sets forth certain information regarding the directors, executive officers and certain key employees of CBIZ. Each executive officer and director of CBIZ named in the following table has been elected to serve until his/her successor is duly appointed or elected or until his/her earlier removal or resignation from office. No arrangement or understanding exists between any executive officer of CBIZ and any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as an officer. 
 Name Age Position(s) Executive Officers and Directors: Rick L. Burdick (2)(3) 
 71 Chairman Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. 61 President Chief Executive Officer, Director Michael H. DeGroote (2) 
 62 Director Joseph S. DiMartino (2)(3) 
 79 Director Gina D. France (1)(2) 
 64 Director Sherrill W. Hudson (1)(3) 
 79 Director Todd J. Slotkin (1)(3) 
 69 Director A. Haag Sherman (1) 
 57 Director Richard T. Marabito (1) 
 59 Director Benaree Pratt Wiley (2)(3) 
 76 Director Rodney A. Young 67 Director Ware H. Grove 72 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chris Spurio 57 President, Financial Services Michael P. Kouzelos 54 President, Benefits and Insurance Services Other Key Employees: Michael W. Gleespen 64 Secretary and General Counsel John A. Fleischer 61 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Mark M. Waxman 64 Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 
 (1) Member of Audit Committee 
 (2) Member of Nominating Governance Committee 
 (3) Member of Compensation Human Capital Committee 
 Rick L. Burdick has served as a Director of CBIZ since October 1997, when he was elected as an independent director. On August 11, 2022, Mr. Burdick was appointed by the Board as its independent Chairman of the Board. Previously, in May 2007, Mr. Burdick was elected by the Board as its Lead Director, a non-officer position, and in October 2002, he was elected by the Board as Vice Chairman, a non-officer position. Mr. Burdick was a Partner at 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 the law firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer Feld LLP, and was a Partner in the firm from 1988 until his retirement in 2019. Mr. Burdick serves a non-executive Chairman on the Board of Directors of AutoNation, Inc. 
 Jerome P. Grisko, Jr . was appointed to the CBIZ Board in November, 2015. Mr. Grisko was appointed Chief Executive Officer in March 2016, and has served as President since February 2000. He was also Chief Operating Officer from February 2000 until his appointment as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Grisko joined CBIZ as Vice President, Mergers Acquisitions in September 1998 and was promoted to Senior Vice President, Mergers Acquisitions and Legal Affairs in December of 1998. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mr. Grisko was associated with the law firm of Baker Hostetler LLP, where he practiced from September 1987 until September 1998, serving as a partner of such firm from January 1995 to September 1998. While at Baker Hostetler, Mr. Grisko concentrated his practice in the area of mergers and acquisitions and general corporate law. 
 Michael H. DeGroote, son of CBIZ founder Michael G. DeGroote, was appointed a Director of CBIZ in November 2006. Mr. DeGroote currently serves as President of Westbury International, a full-service real estate development company, specializing in commercial/industrial land, residential development and property management. Prior to joining Westbury, Mr. DeGroote was Vice President of MGD Holdings and previously held a management position with Cooper Corporation, and previously served on the Board of Directors of Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd. He served on the Board of Governors of McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. 
 Joseph S. DiMartino has served as a Director of CBIZ since November 1997, when he was elected as an independent director. Mr. DiMartino has been Chairman of the Boards of the funds in the BNY Mellon Corporation (formerly The Dreyfus Corporation) since January 1995. Mr. DiMartino served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Director of The Dreyfus Corporation from October 1982 until December 1994 and also served as a director of Mellon Bank Corporation. 
 Gina D. France was appointed to the CBIZ Board in February, 2015. Ms. France founded France Strategic Partners, LLC, a strategy and transaction advisory firm, and has served as its President and Chief Executive Officer since 2003. Ms. France has over 40 years of experience in strategy, investment banking and corporate finance. Prior to founding France Strategic Partners, Ms. France was a Managing Director with Ernst Young, LLP and directed the Firm s Center for Strategic Transactions. Prior to her work with Ernst Young, Ms. France was a Senior Vice President with Lehman Brothers, Inc. Ms. France serves on the boards of Huntington Bancshares, Inc., Cedar Fair, L.P. and on the boards of the BNY Mellon Family of Funds. Ms. France has previously served on the boards of FirstMerit Corporation, Dawn Food Products, Inc. and Mack Industries. 
 Sherrill W. Hudson was appointed to the CBIZ Board in February, 2015. Until July 2016, upon the sale of the Company, Mr. Hudson was Chairman of the Board of TECO Energy, Inc. and was a member of its board since January 2003. He was executive chairman from August 2010 to December 2012, after having served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since July 2004. Mr. Hudson also serves on the boards of Lennar Corporation and United Insurance Holdings Corporation. He served on the Publix Super Markets, Inc. board from January 2003 until April 2015. Mr. Hudson is also Chairman Emeritus of the Florida Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Mr. Hudson retired from Deloitte Touche, LLP in August 2002, after 37 years of service. 
 Todd J. Slotkin has served as a Director of CBIZ since September 2003, when he was elected as an independent director. Mr. Slotkin is President COO of KMP Music LLC, a music publishing firm. He was a Senior Advisor at Alvarez Marsal from 2020 to 2021, and between 2014 and 2020 he served as the Global Business Head of Alvarez Marsal s Asset Management Services. Mr. Slotkin is also an independent director of the Apollo Closed End Fund Complex (Apollo Floating Rate Fund, Apollo Tactical Income Fund). In 2011, Mr. Slotkin was appointed the Managing Partner of Newton Pointe LLC, an advisory firm, a position he also held during the period 2007-2008. Mr. Slotkin served on the Board of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia from 2008 to 2012, and was head of its Audit Committee and Special Committee. Between 2008 and 2010, Mr. Slotkin was a Senior Managing Director of Irving Place Capital. From 2006 to 2007 Mr. Slotkin served as a Managing Director of Natixis Capital Markets. From 1992 to 2006, Mr. Slotkin served as a SVP (1992-1998) and EVP and Chief Financial Officer (1998-2006) of MacAndrews Forbes Holdings Inc. Additionally, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of publicly owned M F Worldwide (1998-2006). Prior to 1992, Mr. Slotkin spent 17 years with Citigroup, ultimately serving as Senior Managing Director and Senior Credit Officer. He was the Global Head of Citigroup s Leveraged Capital Group. Mr. Slotkin is a co-founder of the Food Allergy Research Education, Inc., formerly known as the Food Allergy Initiative. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 A. Haag Sherman has served as a Director of CBIZ since August 2020, when he was elected as an independent director. Mr. Sherman has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Tectonic Financial, Inc. (and its predecessor), a banking and financial holding company with a preferred stock quoted on Nasdaq Global Markets, since February 2015. Prior thereto, Mr. Sherman co-founded Salient Partners, LP, a Houston-based investment firm, in 2002 and served in various executive positions, including Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer, through October 2011. In addition, he previously served as an executive officer and partner of The Redstone Companies from 1998 to 2002 where he, among other things, managed a private equity portfolio. Mr. Sherman has served as a director of Hilltop Holdings, Inc. since its acquisition of PlainsCapital Corporation in November 2012. He previously served as a director of PlainsCapital from September 2009 to November 2012. Mr. Sherman has served as an adjunct professor of law at The University of Texas School of Law. Mr. Sherman previously practiced corporate law at Akin Gump Strauss Hauer Feld LLP from 1992 to 1996 and was an auditor at Price Waterhouse, a public accounting firm, from 1988 to 1989. Mr. Sherman is an attorney and certified public accountant. 
 Richard T. Marabito has served as a Director of CBIZ since August 2021, when he was appointed as an independent director. Mr. Marabito is Chief Executive Officer of Olympic Steel, a national metals service center headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio that focuses on the direct sale of processed carbon, coated and stainless flat-rolled sheet, coil and plate steel, aluminum, tin plate, and metal-intensive branded products. Mr. Marabito became CEO in 2019 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer. He joined the company in 1994 as Corporate Controller. He is also the Chairman of the Metal Services Center Institute (MSCI) and has also served on the Board of Trustees for the University of Mount Union since 2021. He served on the Board of Directors and as Audit Committee Chairman for Hawk Corporation from 2008 until the company s sale in November 2010. Mr. Marabito has served on numerous non-profit boards over the course of his career including as Chair of the Northeast Ohio Regional Board for the Make-A-Wish Foundation. 
 Benaree Pratt Wiley has served as a Director of CBIZ since May 2008, when she was elected as an independent director. Ms. Wiley is a Principal of The Wiley Group, a firm specializing in personnel strategy, talent management, and leadership development primarily for global insurance and consulting firms. Ms. Wiley served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Partnership, Inc., a talent management organization for multicultural professionals in the greater Boston region for fifteen years before retiring in 2005. Ms. Wiley is currently a director on the boards of the BNY Mellon Family of Funds and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts. Her civic activities include serving on the boards of the Efficacy Institute, Howard University Dress for Success Boston, Partners Continuing Care and Spaulding Hospital. 
 Rodney A. Young has served as a Director since February 6, 2023, when he was appointed as an independent director. Mr. Young is the Chief Executive Officer of Delta Dental of Minnesota, one of the nation's largest oral health insurance companies. Mr. Young has held this role since 2012. Prior to joining Delta Dental of Minnesota, Mr. Young was the Chief Executive Officer and President of Angeion Corporation (now MGC Diagnostics Corporation), a public medical technology cardio-pulmonary diagnostic and consumer health management company. Mr. Young also previously held the Chair for the Board of Directors, Director, Chief Executive Officer and President roles for LecTec Corporation, a public disposable medical products and over-the-counter pharmaceuticals company. Mr. Young currently serves as a Board Director and the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee Chair of the Minnesota Business Partnership. Mr. Young received The Sanneh Foundation's Business Honoree Award in 2019 in recognition of his business leadership and community impact. 
 Ware H. Grove has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CBIZ since December 2000. Before joining CBIZ, Mr. Grove served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bridgestreet Accommodations, Inc., which he joined in early 2000 to restructure financing, develop strategic operating alternatives, and assist with merger negotiations. Prior to joining Bridgestreet, Mr. Grove served for three years as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LESCO, Inc. Since beginning his career in corporate finance in 1972, Mr. Grove has held various financial positions with large companies representing a variety of industries, including Revco D.S., Inc., Computerland/Vanstar, Manville Corporation, The Upjohn Company, and First of America Bank. Mr. Grove served on the Board of Directors for Applica, Inc. (NYSE: APN) from September 2004 through January 2007, at which time the company was sold to a private equity firm. 
 Chris Spurio was appointed Senior Vice President of CBIZ and President of CBIZ s Financial Services practice group, effective January 1, 2014. Mr. Spurio joined CBIZ in January 1998 and served as Corporate Controller until July 1999. He then served as Vice President of Finance from July 1999 until September 2008. Mr. Spurio served as Executive Managing Director of the Financial Services Group s Midwest Region from September 2008 through March 2010, and as the Group s Chief Operating Officer from March 2010 through December 2013. Mr. Spurio was 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 associated with KPMG LLP, an international accounting firm, from July 1988 to January 1998. Mr. Spurio is a CPA, CGMA and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants. 
 Michael P. Kouzelos joined CBIZ in June 1998 and has held several positions in the Company. He was appointed President of the Benefits Insurance practice group in May 2015, and was appointed Senior Vice President of Strategic Initiatives in September 2005. Mr. Kouzelos also served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Benefits Insurance division between April 2007 and May 2015, as Vice President of Strategic Initiatives from April 2001 through August 2005, as Vice President of Shared Services from August 2000 to March 2001, and as Director of Business Integration from June 1998 to July 2000. Mr. Kouzelos was associated with KPMG LLP, an international accounting firm, from 1990 to September 1996 and received his Master of Business Administration degree from The Ohio State University in May of 1998. 
 Other Key Employees: 
 Michael W. Gleespen has served as Corporate Secretary since April 2001 and General Counsel since June 2001. Mr. Gleespen is an attorney and has served as CBIZ s Vice President of Regulatory Compliance and Accountancy Compliance Officer and Technical Director since February 1998. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mr. Gleespen was an Assistant Ohio Attorney General in the Business Government Regulation Section and the Court of Claims Defense Section from 1988 until 1998, during which time he was counsel to the Ohio Accountancy Board, the Ohio State Teachers Retirement System and represented many other state departments and agencies. Mr. Gleespen also held the post of Associate Attorney General for Pension, Disability and Annuity Plans and was the Co-Chairman of the Public Pension Plan Working Group. 
 John A. Fleischer has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of CBIZ since August 2014. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mr. Fleischer held CIO roles at TTT Holdings (a Talisman Capital Partners company), Ferro Corporation, The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company, and T-Systems. Prior to these, he held senior IT roles at Volkswagen and Federal-Mogul Corporation. While at T-Systems, Mr. Fleischer also ran the U.S. consulting practice, which provided IT services to clients in a variety of industries. He began his career as a commissioned officer in the United States Army and served twelve years on active duty in numerous roles, which included directing large-scale systems development and integration projects in communications and computing. He is a Distinguished Military Graduate of Princeton University and received his Master of Business Administration degree from The Ohio State University. Mr. Fleischer serves on the Board of Trustees of the Lakeside Chautauqua Association. 
 Mark M. Waxman has served as Chief Marketing Officer since 2001. Mr. Waxman has over thirty years of experience in marketing and branding. Prior to joining CBIZ, he was Chief Executive Officer/Creative Director of one of Silicon Valley s most well-known advertising agencies, Carter Waxman. He was also a founding partner of SK Consulting (acquired by CBIZ in 1998) providing strategic marketing and branding services to a wide range of companies and industries. Mr. Waxman has been a featured marketing columnist and contributor to many business and trade publications, and currently serves on the Advisory Board of several Silicon Valley start-ups. He serves on the Board of Silicon Valley Creates, the Institute of Contemporary Art and the West Valley Mission Foundation. He has served as the Chairman of the Board for organizations including the Silicon Valley Chamber of Commerce, Artsopolis.com, the Silicon Valley Ad Club, and The San Jose Repertory Theatre. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report or incorporated by reference: 
 1. Financial Statements. 
 As to financial statements and supplementary information, reference is made to Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 
 2. Exhibits. 
 The following documents are filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Since its incorporation, CBIZ has operated under various names including: Republic Environmental Systems, Inc.; International Alliance Services, Inc.; Century Business Services, Inc.; and CBIZ, Inc. Exhibits listed below refer to these names collectively as the Company . 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-197284, and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, effective August 1, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, File No. 000-25890, dated March 16, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference). 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-197284, and incorporated herein by reference). 3.4 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company dated November 1, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-32961, dated November 1, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 
 Form of Stock Certificate of Common Stock of the Company (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, File No. 000-25890, dated March 4, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 
 Employee Stock Investment Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Report on Form S-8, File No. 000-333-62148, dated June 1, 2001, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Annual Report Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-32961, dated February 26, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 
 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, File No. 000-25890, dated April 1, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 2 
 CBIZ, Inc. 2002 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 12, 2011), (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-32961, dated August 9, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 3 
 2014 Stock Incentive Plan and 2002 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-8, dated July 7, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 4 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Steven L. Gerard, dated March 9, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-32961, dated March 3, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 5 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Jerome P. Grisko, Jr., dated September 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-32961, dated September 8, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 6 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Ware H. Grove, dated March 30, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-32961, dated April 4, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 7 
 Loan Agreement dated as of August 16, 2018 by and among CBIZ Benefits and Insurance, Inc. and The Huntington Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-32961, on November 1, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 8 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 4,2022, by and among CBIZ Operations, Inc., CBIZ, Inc., and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-32961, on May 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 10. 9 
 2019 CBIZ, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-197284, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 0 
 First Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated August 8, 2019, by and among CBIZ Benefit and Insurance, Inc. and the Huntington National Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-32961, on November 1, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 1 
 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated August 6, 2020, by and among CBIZ Benefit and Insurance, Inc. and the Huntington National Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-32961, on November 1, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 2 
 Third Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated August 5, 2021, by and among CBIZ Benefit and Insurance, Inc. and the Huntington National Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-32961, on October 29, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 3 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated August 1, 2022, by and among CBIZ Benefit and Insurance, Inc. and the Huntington National Bank. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 4 
 Purchase Agreement, dated January 6, 2022, among CBIZ, Inc., CBIZ Acquisition 42, LLC, Marks Paneth LLP and all of the individuals who are equity partners of Marks Paneth (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-32961, dated January 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of CBIZ, Inc. 23 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 24 
 Powers of attorney (included on the signature page hereto). 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Exhibit 101 attachments) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Indicates documents filed herewith. 
 Indicates documents furnished herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan contract or arrangement filed pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CBIZ, INC. (REGISTRANT) By /s/ WARE H. GROVE Ware H. Grove Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 
 KNOW ALL MEN AND WOMEN BY THESE PRESENTS that each person whose signature appears below on this Annual Report hereby constitutes and appoints Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. and Ware H. Grove, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution for him and her and his and her name, place and stead, in all capacities (until revoked in writing), to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report of CBIZ, Inc. and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, thereby ratifying and confirming all that each attorney-in-fact and agent, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated above. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ JEROME P. GRISKO, JR. President Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 24, 2023 Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. /s/ WARE H. GROVE Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 24, 2023 Ware H. Grove /s/ RICK L. BURDICK Chairman February 24, 2023 Rick L. Burdick /s/ MICHAEL H. DE GROOTE Director February 24, 2023 Michael H. DeGroote /s/ JOSEPH S. DI MARTINO Director February 24, 2023 Joseph S. DiMartino /s/ GINA D. FRANCE Director February 24, 2023 Gina D. France /s/ SHERRILL W. HUDSON Director February 24, 2023 Sherrill W. Hudson /s/ TODD J. SLOTKIN Director February 24, 2023 Todd J. Slotkin /s/ A. HAAG SHERMAN Director February 24, 2023 A.Haag Sherman 
 /s/ RICHARD T. MARABITO Director February 24, 2023 Richard T. Marabito 
 /s/ BENAREE PRATT WILEY Director February 24, 2023 Benaree Pratt Wiley /s/ RODNEY A. YOUNG Director February 24, 2023 Rodney A. Young 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 CBIZ, Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CBIZ, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 The Company acquired Marks Paneth LLP and Stinnett Associates, LLC during 2022, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, Marks Paneth LLP and Stinnett Associates, LLC s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of 95.4 million and total revenues of 148.1 million included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Marks Paneth LLP and Stinnett Associates, LLC. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Estimation of losses on certain trade accounts receivable 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses on trade accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for doubtful accounts was 20.8 million, a portion of which related to the Financial Services practice group. The allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded based on the Company s historical experience, client credit-worthiness, age of receivables, and economic trends and conditions. 
 We have identified the evaluation of the Company s estimation of losses related to trade accounts receivable of the Financial Services practice group as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to assess the assumptions used in estimating losses related to trade accounts receivable. The assumptions included the probability of the Company s collection of receivables based on historical experience and the consideration of economic conditions that may affect the ability of clients to pay. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to develop the assumptions used to estimate losses related to trade accounts receivable. On a total and per unit basis, we calculated certain key performance indicators using the allowance for doubtful accounts and compared them to our established expectations based on the Company s historical experience. For any results which were outside the established expectations, we performed the following additional procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the allowance for doubtful accounts determined by the Company: 
 we inquired of relevant Company personnel 
 we evaluated the Company s cash collections, historical trends, and age of receivables 
 we evaluated industry, economic, and other external factors as applicable 
 we inspected relevant underlying documents, including contractual documents with clients. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 February 24, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Current assets before funds held for clients Funds held for clients Total current assets Non-current assets: Property and equipment, net Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Assets of deferred compensation plan Right-of-use asset, net Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued personnel costs Contingent purchase price liability Lease liability Other current liabilities Current liabilities before client fund obligations Client fund obligations Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Bank debt Debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Income taxes payable Deferred income taxes, net Deferred compensation plan obligations Contingent purchase price liability Lease liability Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized ; shares issued and ; shares outstanding and 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Operating expenses Gross margin Corporate general and administrative expenses Legal settlement, net Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) Gain (loss) on sale of operations, net ) Other (expense) income, net ) Total other (expense) income, net ) Income from continuing operations before income tax expense Income tax expense Income from continuing operations Loss from operations of discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Net income Earnings (loss) per share: Basic: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income Diluted: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) Net income Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of income tax benefit of , and 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, net of income tax expense (benefit) of , and ) 
 ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income 
 See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (In thousands) 
 Issued Common Shares Treasury Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Totals December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Share repurchases ) ) Indirect repurchase of shares for minimum tax withholding ) ) Restricted stock units and awards Stock options exercised Share-based compensation Business acquisitions December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share repurchases ) ) Indirect repurchase of shares for minimum tax withholding ) ) Restricted stock units and awards ) Stock options exercised Share-based compensation Business acquisitions December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share repurchases ) ) Indirect repurchase of shares for minimum tax withholding ) ) Restricted stock units and awards ) Performance share units ) Stock options exercised Share-based compensation Business acquisitions December 31, 2022 ) 
 See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: (Gain) loss on sale of operations, net of tax ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Bad debt expense, net of recoveries Adjustment to contingent earnout liability, net ) Deferred income taxes ) Stock-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable ) ) ) Accrued personnel costs Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by continuing operations Operating cash flows used in discontinued operations ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Business acquisitions and purchases of client lists, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of client fund investments ) ) ) Proceeds from the sales and maturities of client fund investments Proceeds from sales of assets and divested operations Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from bank debt Payment of bank debt ) ) ) Payment for acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Indirect repurchase of shares for minimum tax withholding ) ) ) Changes in client funds obligations ) ) Payment of contingent consideration of acquisitions ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash equivalents included in funds held for clients Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of income tax refunds 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 practice groups: Financial Services, Benefits and Insurance Services and National Practices. A further description of products and services offered by each of the practice groups is provided in Note 19, Segment Disclosures, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the majority of which was related to services rendered to privately-held clients. In the event that accounts receivable and unbilled work in process become uncollectible by the CPA firms, the service fee due to us is typically reduced on a proportional basis. Although the ASAs do not constitute control, we are one of the beneficiaries of the agreements and may bear certain economic risks. Refer to Note 17, Related Parties, for further discussion regarding the ASAs. 
 In 2021, CBIZ formed a grantor trust (the Trust with Wilmington Savings Funds Society, FSB, a Federal savings bank, serving as trustee. The Trust holds the majority of the funds provided by CBIZ s clients for payroll processing 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

For further information on our various streams of revenue, refer to Note 2, Revenue, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 . The expense related to performance share units is recorded over the performance period based on the fair value on the grant date and adjusted each reporting period for the achievement of the performance metrics, based on our best estimate using available information. 
 For additional discussion regarding share-based awards, refer to Note 14, Employee Share Plans, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

or less when purchased. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million, respectively, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Refer to Note 6, Financial Instruments, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of investments related to funds held for clients. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 to years Furniture and fixtures to years Capitalized software to years Equipment to years 
 . We periodically review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Under those circumstances, if the fair value were less than the carrying amount of the asset, we would recognize a loss for the difference. 
 million, compared to total assets of billion and total shareholders equity of million. Intangible assets consist of identifiable intangibles other than goodwill. Identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill include client lists and non-compete agreements which require significant judgments in determining the fair value. We carry client lists and non-compete agreements at cost, less accumulated amortization, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually during the fourth quarter or more frequently in the event of an impairment indicator. We are required to consider whether it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50 that the fair value of each reporting unit has fallen below its carrying value, thus requiring us to perform an interim goodwill impairment test. Intangible assets with definite lives, such as client lists and non-compete agreements, are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives (generally ranging from three to ). We review these assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset s carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is assessed based on a comparison of the undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the asset. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value determined by a discounted cash flow analysis or market comparable method. 
 The goodwill impairment test is performed at a reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment of a business or one level below an operating segment. At December 31, 2022, we had reporting units. We may use either a qualitative or quantitative approach when testing a reporting unit s goodwill for impairment. Under the qualitative assessment, we are not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If under the quantitative assessment the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the amount of the impairment loss, if any, must be measured. Any such impairment charge would reduce earnings and could be material. 
 For further information regarding our goodwill balances, refer to Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded other (expense) income of million, million and million, respectively, related to net changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. 
 Refer to Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, and Note 18, Business Combinations, for further discussion of our contingent purchase price liabilities and acquisitions. 
 million unsecured credit facility, by and among CBIZ Operations, Inc., CBIZ, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and bank, and other participating banks. The designation of a derivative instrument as a hedge and its ability to meet the hedge accounting criteria determine how we reflect the change in fair value of the derivative instrument. A derivative qualifies for hedge accounting treatment if, at inception, it meets defined correlation and effectiveness criteria. These criteria require that the anticipated cash flows and/or changes in fair value of the hedging instrument substantially offset those of the position being hedged. 
 For further discussion regarding derivative financial instruments, refer to Note 6, Financial Instruments, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Refer to Note 9, Debt and Financing Arrangements, and Note 6, Financial Instruments, for further discussion of the transaction. 

NOTE 2. 
 Core Benefits and Insurance Services Non-core Benefits and Insurance Services Managed networking, hardware services National Practices consulting Total revenue 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Core Benefits and Insurance Services Non-core Benefits and Insurance Services Managed networking, hardware services National Practices consulting Total revenue 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Financial Services Benefits and Insurance Services National Practices Consolidated Accounting, tax, advisory and consulting Core Benefits and Insurance Services Non-core Benefits and Insurance Services Managed networking, hardware services National Practices consulting Total revenue 
 Financial Services 
 Revenue primarily consists of professional service fees derived from traditional accounting services, tax return preparation, administrative services, financial and risk advisory, consulting and valuation services. Clients are billed for these services based upon a fixed-fee, an hourly rate, or an outcome-based fee. Time related to the performance of all services is maintained in a time and billing system. 
 Revenue for fixed-fee arrangements is recognized over time with the performance obligation measured in hours worked and anticipated realization. Anticipated realization is defined as the fixed fee divided by the product of the hours anticipated to complete a performance obligation and the standard billing rate. Anticipated realization rates are applied to hours charged to a contract when recognizing revenue. At the end of each reporting period, we evaluate the work performed to date to ensure that the amount of revenue recognized in each reporting period for the client arrangement is equal to the performance obligations met. 
 Time and expense arrangement revenue is recognized over time with progress measured towards completion with value being transferred through our hourly fee arrangement at expected net realizable rates per hour, plus agreed-upon out-of-pocket expenses. The cumulative impact on any subsequent revision in the estimated realizable value of unbilled fees for a particular client project is reflected in the period in which the change becomes known. 
 Prior to recognizing revenue for outcome-based arrangement, we estimate the transaction price, including variable consideration that is subject to a constraint based on risks specific to the arrangement. We evaluate the estimate in each reporting period and recognize revenue to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur. Revenue is recognized when the constraint is lifted at a point in time when the value is determined and verified by a third party. 
 Benefits and Insurance Services 
 Benefits and Insurance Services provides brokerage and consulting along lines of service which include group health benefits consulting and brokerage, property and casualty brokerage, retirement plan advisory, payroll, human capital management, actuarial, life insurance and other related services. Revenue consists primarily of fee income for administering health and retirement plans and brokerage commissions. Revenue also includes investment income related to client payroll funds that are held in CBIZ accounts, as is industry practice. We pay commissions monthly and require the recipient of the commission to be employed as of the end of the month in which the commissions are earned (as opposed to at the time of actual payment). Failure to remain employed at the date the 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE 3. 
 Unbilled revenue, at net realizable value Total accounts receivable Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) ) ) Provision ) ) ) Charge-offs, net of recoveries Balance at end of period ) ) ) 

NOTE 4. 
 Furniture and fixtures Capitalized software Equipment Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for property and equipment was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 5. 
 Accumulated impairment ) ) ) ) Net at December 31, 2020 Additions Divestitures ) ) Gross Accumulated impairment ) ) ) ) Net at December 31, 2021 Additions Other adjustment Gross Accumulated impairment ) ) ) ) Net at December 31,2022 
 We review goodwill at the reporting unit level at least annually, as of November 1, for impairment. We had reporting units at November 1, 2022. goodwill impairment was recognized as a result of the annual evaluation. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Intangibles : Client lists Other intangibles Total intangibles Total goodwill and other intangibles assets Accumulated amortization: Client lists ) ) Other intangibles ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense for client lists and other intangible assets was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted-average useful lives of total intangible assets, client lists and other intangible assets were years, years and years, respectively. Other intangible assets are amortized over periods ranging from to years. Based on the amount of intangible assets subject to amortization at December 31, 2022, the estimated amortization expense is million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, million for 2027, and million thereafter. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The bonds have maturity dates or callable dates ranging from January 2023 through November 2025, and are included in Funds held for clients current in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets based on our intent and ability to sell these investments at any time under favorable conditions. 
 At December 31, 2022, unrealized losses on the securities were not material and have not been recognized as a credit loss because the bonds are investment grade quality and management is not required or does not intend to sell prior to an expected recovery in value. The bond issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Purchases Redemptions ) ) Maturities ) ) Change in bond premium ) Fair market value adjustment ) ) Fair value at December 31 
 In addition to the available-for-sale securities discussed above, we also held other depository assets in the amount of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Those depository assets are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Interest Rate Swaps - We utilize interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk exposure associated with our floating-rate debt under the 2022 credit facility, or the forecasted acquisition of such liability. To mitigate counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with selected major financial institutions with investment grade ratings and continually assess their creditworthiness. There are no credit risk-related contingent features in our interest rate swaps nor do the swaps contain provisions under which we would be required to post collateral. We do not purchase or hold any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 The designation of a derivative instrument as a hedge and its ability to meet the hedge accounting criteria determine how we reflect the change in fair value of the derivative instrument. A derivative qualifies for hedge accounting treatment if, at inception, it meets defined correlation and effectiveness criteria. These criteria require that the anticipated cash flows and/or changes in fair value of the hedging instrument substantially offset those of the position being hedged. 
 We had no fair value hedging instruments at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Our interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. Accordingly, the interest rate swaps are recorded as either an asset or liability in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The mark-to-market gains or losses on the swaps are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss AOCL ), net of tax, to the extent the hedge is determined to be effective, and reclassified to interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The interest rate swaps are assessed for effectiveness and continued qualification for hedge accounting on a quarterly basis. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the interest rate swaps were deemed to be highly effective. 
 As a result of the 2022 credit facility, CBIZ amended the interest rate swap agreements with respect to the existing swaps. Effective May 16, 2022, the scheduled reset date, the interest rate of the swaps are set to one-month term SOFR to align the swaps to term SOFR in the 2022 credit facility as a result of reference rate reform. No other terms under the swap agreements were amended. 
 6/1/2023 Other current asset Interest rate swap 4/14/2025 Other non-current asset Interest rate swap 12/14/2026 Other non-current asset Interest rate swap 8/14/2027 Other non-current asset 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 5/14/2022 ) Other current liability Interest rate swap 6/1/2023 ) Other non-current liability Interest rate swap 4/14/2025 Other non-current asset Interest rate swap 12/14/2026 ) Other non-current liability 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we entered into a new interest rate swap with a notional value of million and fixed rate of . interest rate swap with a notional value of million and fixed rate of expired during the second quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we have interest rate swaps outstanding. Under the terms of the interest rate swaps, we pay interest at a fixed rate of interest plus applicable margin as stated in the amended agreements, and receive interest that varies with the one-month term SOFR. 
 During the next twelve months, the amount of the December 31, 2022 AOCL balance that will be reclassified to earnings is expected to be immaterial. 
 ) Interest expense 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 7. 
 transfers between the valuation hierarchy Levels 1, 2 and 3. 
 Available-for-sale debt securities 1 Other depository assets 1 Deferred compensation plan liabilities 1 ) ) Interest rate swaps, net 2 ) Contingent purchase price liabilities 3 ) ) 
 Contingent Purchase Price Liabilities - During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded expense of million and expense of million, respectively, due to accretion, adjusting for expected results of acquired businesses and the revaluation of stock related to contingent payments. These changes are included in Other (expense) income, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Refer to Note 18, Business Combinations, for further discussion of our acquisitions and contingent purchase price liabilities. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) Additions from business acquisitions ) Settlement of contingent purchase price payable Change in fair value of contingency ) Change in net present value of contingency ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) Additions from business acquisitions ) Settlement of contingent purchase price payable Change in fair value of contingency Change in net present value of contingency ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) 

F-23 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 8. 
 Foreign (Canada) Total 
 Foreign State and local Total Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) Total ) Total income tax expense from continuing operations Discontinued operations: Operations of discontinued operations: Current ) ) ) Total income tax benefit from discontinued operations ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 State taxes (net of federal benefit) Reserves for uncertain tax positions ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) ) Non-deductible officers' compensation Other, net Provision for income taxes from continuing operations Effective income tax rate 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts Employee benefits and compensation Lease costs Deferral of employer FICA taxes Other deferred tax assets Total gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and other intangibles Property and equipment Other deferred tax liabilities Total gross deferred tax liabilities Deferred income taxes, net ) ) 
 We have established valuation allowances for deferred tax assets related to certain employee benefits and compensation and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The net increase in the valuation allowance of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to changes in the valuation allowance for NOLs and certain employee benefits and compensation. 
 In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income, scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, historical financial operations and tax planning strategies. Based upon review of these items, management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowances. 
 We file income tax returns in the United States, Canada, and most state jurisdictions. CBIZ's federal income tax returns for years ending prior to January 1, 2019 are no longer subject to examination. With limited exceptions, our state and local income tax returns and non-U.S. income tax returns are no longer subject to tax authority examinations for years ending prior to January 1, 2018 and January 1, 2017, respectively. 
 The availability of NOLs and state tax credits are reported as deferred tax assets, net of applicable valuation allowances, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2022, we had state net operating loss carryforwards of million and a state tax credit carryforward of million. The state net operating loss carryforwards expire on various dates between 2023 and 2042 and the state tax credit carryforward expires in 2027. 
 Additions for tax positions of the current year Additions for positions of prior years Settlements of prior year positions ) Lapse of statutes of limitation ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. We believe it is reasonably possible that certain of these unrecognized tax benefits could change in the next twelve months. We expect reductions in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million within the next twelve months due to expiration of statutes of limitation. Given the number of years that are currently subject to examination, we are unable to estimate the range of potential adjustments to the remaining balance of unrecognized tax benefits at this time. 
 We recognize interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. During 2022, we recorded an immaterial increase in accrued interest, and, as of December 31, 2022, we had recognized a liability for interest expense and penalties of million and million, respectively, relating to unrecognized tax benefits. During 2021, we recorded an immaterial decrease in accrued interest, and, as of December 31, 2021, we had recognized a liability for interest expense and penalties of million and million, respectively, relating to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 million to million, which provides us with the capital necessary to meet our working capital needs as well as the flexibility to continue with our strategic initiatives, including business acquisitions and share repurchases. Other important key terms of the 2022 credit facility include: (i) an accordion feature that permits lenders to extend an additional million at later date; (ii) no change in pricing from the 2018 credit facility; (iii) upsizing of baskets and various sublimits to reflect the increased size of the Company's business; (iv) a swing line facility increase from million to million, which provides for same-day funds to cover daily liquidity needs; and (v) base interest rate amended from LIBOR to term SOFR. 
 In connection with our 2022 credit facility, we incurred approximately million of financing costs during the second quarter of 2022. The financing costs are deferred and reported as a reduction of debt on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, are included as a component of cash flow from financing activities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2022 credit facility. In addition, we wrote-off approximately thousand of unamortized deferred cost associated with the 2018 credit facility as additional interest expense in the second quarter of 2022. 
 The 2022 credit facility matures on May 4, 2027. The balance outstanding under the 2022 credit facility was million at December 31, 2022. The balance outstanding under the 2018 credit facility was million at December 31, 2021. 
 Range of effective rates - 
 - 
 
 We had approximately million of available funds under the 2022 credit facility at December 31, 2022, based on the terms of the commitment. Available funds under the credit facility are based on a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization as defined in the credit facility, and are reduced by letters of credit, other indebtedness and outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. Under the 2022 credit facility, loans are charged an interest rate consisting of a base rate or term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin, letters of credit are charged based on the same applicable margin, and a commitment fee is charged on the unused portion of the credit facility. 
 The 2022 credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants customary for facilities of this type, including restrictions on indebtedness, liens or other encumbrances, making certain payments, investments, or to sell or otherwise dispose of a substantial portion of assets, or to merge or consolidate with an unaffiliated entity. The 2022 credit facility also limits our ability to make dividend payments. Historically, we have not paid cash dividends on our common stock. Our Board of Directors has discretion over the payment and level of dividends on common stock, 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million line of credit by and among CBIZ Benefits and Insurance, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, and the Huntington Bank. We utilize this line of credit to support our short-term funding requirements of payroll client fund obligations due to the investment of client funds, rather than liquidating client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. Refer to Note 6, Financial Instruments, for further discussion regarding these investments. The line of credit, which was renewed on August 1, 2022 and will terminate on August 3, 2023, did t have a balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest at the prime rate. 
 Interest expense 
 Other line of credit Other 

NOTE 10. 
 and , respectively 
 ) ) Net unrealized income (loss) on interest rate swap, net of income tax expense (benefit) of and ), respectively 
 ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 

NOTE 11. 
 . Acquisitions are further disclosed in Note 18, Business Combinations. 
 Indemnifications - We have various agreements in which we may be obligated to indemnify the other party with respect to certain matters. Generally, these indemnification clauses are included in contracts arising in the normal 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, we provide license bonds to various state agencies to meet certain licensing requirements. The amount of license bonds outstanding was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Legal Proceedings - On December 19, 2016, CBIZ Operations was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed by Zotec Partners, LLC ("Zotec") in the Marion County Indiana Superior Court. After various amendments, the lawsuit asserts claims under Indiana law for securities, statutory and common law fraud or deception, unjust enrichment, breach of contract, and vicarious liability against CBIZ Operations and a former employee of CBIZ MMP in connection with the sale of the CBIZ MMP medical billing practice to Zotec. The plaintiff claims that CBIZ Operations had a duty to disclose the fact, unknown to employees of CBIZ Operations at the time of the transaction, that the former employee had a financial arrangement with a Zotec vendor at the time CBIZ Operations sold CBIZ MMP to Zotec. The plaintiff is seeking damages of up to million out of the million transaction price. Trial was held in October 2021. The jury found in favor of CBIZ on all fraud, contract and other claims before it. On November 14, 2022, the trial court ruled in favor of CBIZ and against Zotec s claim for statutory securities fraud. The court also ruled in favor of CBIZ on its counterclaim for indemnification under contract. The trial court is expected to set further proceedings to determine the amount of damages owed by Zotec to CBIZ. 
 In addition to the item disclosed above, the Company is, from time to time, subject to claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. We cannot predict the outcome of all such matters or estimate the possible loss, if any. Although the proceedings are subject to uncertainties in the litigation process and the ultimate disposition of these proceedings is not presently determinable, we intend to vigorously defend these matters. 

NOTE 12. 
 of their pre-tax annual compensation (subject to a maximum permissible contribution under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code). Matching contributions by us are of the first of base compensation that the participant contributes, and additional amounts may be contributed at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Participants may elect to invest their contributions in various funds including: equity, fixed income, stable value, and balanced-lifecycle funds. Employer contributions (net of forfeitures) made to the plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million related to those investments for the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2021 and 2020, respectively, we recorded income of million and million related to these investments. These investments are specifically designated as available to us solely for the purpose of paying benefits under the non-qualified deferred compensation plan. However, the investments in the rabbi trusts would be available to all unsecured general creditors in the event that we become insolvent. 
 Deferred compensation plan obligations represent amounts due to plan participants and consist of accumulated participant deferrals and changes in fair value of investments thereon since the inception of the plan, net of withdrawals. This liability is an unsecured general obligation of ours and is recorded as Deferred compensation plan obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The assets and liabilities related to the non-qualified deferred compensation plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 . When leverage is greater than , the annual share repurchase is limited to million. 
 Under the Share Repurchase Program, we repurchased million and million shares on the open market at a cost (including fees and commissions) of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shares repurchased to settle statutory employee withholding related to vesting of stock awards were million shares at a cost of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million shares at a cost of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 of stock per calendar year. The price an employee pays for shares is of the fair market value of our common stock on the last day of the purchase period. Purchase periods begin on the sixteenth day of the month and end on the fifteenth day of the subsequent month. Other than a holding period from the date of purchase, there are no vesting or other restrictions on the stock purchased by employees under the ESPP. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million shares. 
 Stock Awards - Effective May 9, 2019, the CBIZ shareholders approved CBIZ, Inc. 2019 Stock Omnibus Incentive Plan 2019 Plan ), which amended and restated the CBIZ, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan 2014 Plan ), of which we have granted various stock-based awards through the year ended December 31, 2022. Effective January 1, 2020, the 2019 Plan replaced and superseded the 2014 Plan. The operating terms of the 2019 Plan are substantially similar to those of the 2014 Plan. Under the 2019 Plan, which expires in 2029, a maximum of million stock options, restricted stock or other stock based compensation awards may be granted. Shares subject to award under the 2019 Plan may be either authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or treasury shares. The terms and vesting schedules for the share-based awards vary by type and date of grant. At December 31, 2022, approximately million shares were available for future grant under the 2019 Plan. 
 Restricted stock units and awards Performance share units Total share-based compensation expense 
 Stock Options - Certain employees and non-employee directors were granted stock options. Stock options awarded to non-employee directors have generally been granted with immediate vesting. Stock options awarded to employees are generally subject to a incremental vesting schedule over a period commencing from the date of grant. At the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, options awarded under the 2019 Plan may vest in a time period shorter than . Stock options expire from the date of grant and are awarded with an exercise price equal to the market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Stock options may be granted alone or in addition to other awards and may be of two types: incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we granted thousand and thousand stock options to non-employee directors, respectively. We did t grant any stock options during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between our stock price on the exercise date and the exercise price of each option exercised. 
 At December 31, 2022, we didn't have any unrecognized compensation cost for stock options. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 and , respectively. 
 Expected option life (years) (2) Risk-free interest rate (3) Expected dividend yield (4) 
 
 (1) The expected volatility assumption was determined based upon the historical volatility of our stock price, using daily price intervals. 
 (2) The expected option life was determined based upon our historical data using a midpoint scenario, which assumes all options are exercised halfway between the expiration date and the weighted average time it takes the option to vest. 
 (3) The risk-free interest rate assumption was upon zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bonds with a term approximating the expected life of the respective options. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units and Awards - Under the 2019 Plan, certain employees and non-employee directors were granted restricted stock units and awards. Restricted stock units and awards are independent of option grants and vest at no cost to the recipients. Restricted stock units and awards are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the release of restrictions, generally one to from the date of grant. Recipients of restricted stock units and awards are entitled to the same dividend and voting rights as holders of other CBIZ common stock, subject to certain restrictions during the vesting period, and these are considered to be issued and outstanding from the date of grant. Shares granted under the 2019 Plan cannot be sold, pledged, transferred or assigned during the vesting period . 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Represents weighted average market value of the shares as the awards are granted at no cost to the recipients. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized compensation cost for restricted stock units and awards of million to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 The market value of shares awarded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. This market value was recorded as unearned compensation and is recognized as expense ratably over the periods which the restrictions lapse. 
 Awards outstanding at December 31, 2022 will be released from restrictions at dates ranging from February, 2023 through February, 2025. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 and the associated expense is recognized over that period based on the fair value of the award. A cliff vesting schedule of the PSUs is dependent upon the Company s performance relative to pre-established goals based on earnings per share target (weighted and total growth in revenue (weighted ). The fair value of PSUs is calculated using the market value of our common stock on the date of grant. For performance achieved above specified levels, the recipient may earn additional shares of stock, not to exceed of the number of PSUs initially granted. 
 Granted Vested ) Adjustments for performance results (2) 
 Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 1) Represents weighted average market value of the shares; awards are granted at no cost to the recipients. 

NOTE 15. 
 Denominator: Basic Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted Stock options (1) 
 Restricted stock awards Contingent shares (2) 
 Performance share units (3) 
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Earnings Per Share: Basic earnings per share from continuing operations Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 thousand, thousand and thousand stock based awards, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their exercise prices would render them anti-dilutive. 
 (2) Contingent shares represent additional shares to be issued for purchase price earned by former owners of businesses acquired by us once future conditions have been met. For further details, refer to Note 18, Business Combinations . 
 (3) The denominator used in calculating diluted earnings per share did not include million and million performance share units for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The performance conditions associated with these performance share units were not met and consequently none of these performance share units were considered as issuable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NOTE 16. 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows for operating leases 
 Our leases have remaining lease terms ranging from to years. These leases generally contain renewal options for periods ranging from two to . Because the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options, the options are not included in the lease term, and associated potential option payments are excluded from lease payments. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 NOTE 17. 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, under such leases. 
 Jerome Grisko, President and CEO of CBIZ, is a board member of Global Prairie PBC, Inc. ("Global Prairie"). Global Prairie performed consulting work for us during the year ended December 31, 2022 for which we paid approximately million. 
 We maintain joint-referral relationships and ASAs with independent licensed CPA firms under which we provide administrative services in exchange for a fee. These firms are owned by licensed CPAs who are employed by our subsidiaries and provide audit and attest services to clients including our clients. The CPA firms with which we maintain ASAs operate as limited liability companies, limited liability partnerships or professional corporations. The firms are separate legal entities with separate governing bodies and officers. We have no ownership interest in any of these CPA firms, and neither the existence of the ASAs nor the providing of services thereunder is intended to constitute control of the CPA firms by us. CBIZ and the CPA firms maintain their own respective liability and risk of loss in connection with performance of each of its respective services, and we do not believe that our arrangements with these CPA firms result in additional risk of loss. 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million in incremental revenue in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded approximately million in non-recurring transaction, retention and integration related costs associated with the Marks Paneth acquisition. Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because the effects of these acquisitions were not material, either individually or in aggregate, to our total revenue, income from continuing operations, and net income for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Common stock value Cash paid Recorded contingent consideration Total recorded purchase price Accounts receivable acquired, net Fixed assets acquired Identifiable intangible assets acquired Operating lease right-of-use asset acquired, net Other assets acquired, net Operating lease liability acquired - current ) ) Other current liabilities acquired ) ) Operating lease liability acquired - noncurrent ) ) Goodwill Total net assets acquired Maximum potential contingent consideration 
 Client list Other intangibles Total 
 Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the aggregated purchase price and the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill represents the value of expected future earnings and cash flows, as well as the synergies created by the integration of the new businesses within our organization, including cross-selling opportunities expected with our Financial Services practice group and the Benefits and Insurance Services practice group, to help strengthen our existing service offerings and expand our market position. Client lists generally have an expected life of years, and other intangibles, primarily non-compete agreements, have an expected life of years. Client lists and non-compete agreements are valued using a discounted cash flow technique based on management estimates of future cash flows from such assets. 
 Cash settlement paid Shares issued (number) 
 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 small book of business for million in the Benefits and Insurance Services practice group and recorded a gain of million. This gain is recorded as "Other (expense) income, net" in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Gain on book of business sales in 2021 was immaterial. 
 Divested operations and assets that do not qualify for treatment as discontinued operations are recorded as Gain (loss) on sale of operations, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. In 2021, we sold business for million in the Benefit and Insurance practice group and recorded a gain of million. 
 
 NOTE 19. 
 practice groups: (i) Financial Services, (ii) Benefits and Insurance Services and (iii) National Practices, based on the following factors: similarity of the products and services provided to clients, similarity of the regulatory environment in which they operate; and similarity of economic conditions affecting long-term performance. The business units are managed along these segment lines. A general description of services provided by practice group is provided in the table below. 
 Financial Services Benefits and Insurance Services National Practices Accounting and Tax Employee Benefits Consulting Information Technology Managed Networking and Hardware Services Financial Advisory Payroll / Human Capital Management Healthcare Consulting Valuation Property and Casualty Insurance Risk and Advisory Services Retirement and Investment Services Government Healthcare Consulting 
 Corporate and Other - Included in Corporate and Other are operating expenses that are not directly allocated to the individual business units. These expenses primarily consist of certain healthcare costs, gains or losses attributable to assets held in our non-qualified deferred compensation plan, stock-based compensation, consolidation and integration charges, certain professional fees, certain advertising costs and other various expenses. 
 Upon consolidation, intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated, thus inter-segment revenue is not included in the measure of profit or loss for the practice groups. Performance of the practice groups is evaluated on income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) excluding those costs listed above, which are reported in the Corporate and Other . 
 Canada Total revenue 
 There is no one customer that represents a significant portion of our revenue. 
 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Operating expenses Gross margin ) Corporate general and administrative expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of operations, net Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense ) 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Financial Services Benefits and Insurance Services National Practices Corporate and Other Total Revenue Operating expenses Gross margin ) Corporate general and administrative expenses Legal settlement, net Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) (Loss) gain on sale of operations, net ) Other income, net Total other (expense) income ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense ) 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 CBIZ, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Operating expenses Gross margin ) Corporate general and administrative expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) (Loss) gain on sale of operations, net ) ) Other income, net Total other (expense) income ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense ) 

NOTE 20. 
 
 million shares of our common stock on the open market at a total cost of approximately million. 
 On February 7, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the continuation of the Share Repurchase Program, which has been renewed annually for the past . It is effective beginning March 31, 2023, to which the amount of shares to be purchased will be reset to million, and expires from the respective effective date. This authorization allows us to purchase shares of our common stock (i) in the open market, (ii) in privately negotiated transactions, or (iii) under Rule 10b5-1trading plans. 
 
 Somerset Acquisition 
 million. Somerset is included as a component of our Financial Services practice group. 

F-39 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 fourthamendmenttoloanagr.htm
 EX-10.13

fourthamendmenttoloanagr 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 cbz-123122x10kexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES OF CBIZ, INC. 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Company Name 
 State of Formation 
 Associated Insurance Agents, Inc. 
 MN 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Atlanta, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Chicago, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Colorado, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Kansas City, LLC 
 OH 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Maryland, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Memphis, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Minnesota, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of New England, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of New York, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Northern California, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Ohio, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Orange County, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Phoenix, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of St. Louis, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Southwest Florida, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Topeka, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Utah, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Washington, LLC 
 DE CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory of Wichita, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Accounting, Tax & Advisory, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Acquisition 500, LLC DE CBIZ Advisory, LLC DE CBIZ APG, LLC DE CBIZ ARC Consulting, LLC DE CBIZ Beatty Satchell, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Benefits & Insurance Services, Inc. 
 MO 
 CBIZ CMF Business Solutions Canada 
 BRITISH COL, CAN 
 CBIZ Corporate Recovery & Litigation Services, LLC 
 OH 
 CBIZ Credit Risk Advisory Services, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ East, Inc. 
 OH 
 CBIZ Financial Solutions, Inc. 
 MD 
 CBIZ Gibraltar Real Estate Services, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Insurance Services, Inc. 
 MD 
 CBIZ Investment Advisory Services, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ KA Consulting Services, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Life Insurance Solutions, Inc. 
 OH 

CBIZ Marks Paneth, LLC DE CBIZ MHM Golden State, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ MHM Northern California, LLC DE CBIZ MHM of Florida, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ MHM, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ M & S Consulting Services, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ M.T. Donahoe & Associates, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ National Tax Office, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Network Solutions, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Network Solutions Canada, Inc. 
 ONTARIO, CAN 
 CBIZ Operations, Inc. 
 OH 
 CBIZ Optumas, Inc. AZ CBIZ Private Equity Advisory, LLC DE CBIZ Retirement Consulting, Inc. 
 OH 
 CBIZ Risk & Advisory Services, LLC 
 TX 
 CBIZ Security & Advisory Services, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Service Corp. 
 OH 
 CBIZ Tax & Advisory of Nebraska, Inc. 
 OH 
 CBIZ Tax Operations, LLC DE CBIZ Technologies, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ Valuation Group, LLC 
 DE 
 CBIZ West, Inc. 
 DE 
 Gallery Advisors, LLC 
 DE 
 MHM Retirement Plan Solutions, LLC 
 DE 
 OneCBIZ, Inc. 
 DE 
 Summit Retirement Plan Services, Inc. 
 OH 
 Weekes & Callaway, Inc. 
 FL 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23>
 4
 a2022consentofkpmgllp.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-135912, 333-76179, 333-64109, and 333-27825) on Form S-3, (Nos. 333-90749, 333-46687, and 333-15413) on Form S-3, as amended, (Nos. 333-40313 and 333-81039) on Form S-4, as amended, (Nos. 333-145495, 333-62148, 333-74647, 333-35049, and 333-176219) on Form S-8, and (No. 333-197284) on Form S-8, as amended, of our report dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of CBIZ, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cbz-123122x10kexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF CBIZ, INC. 
 I, Jerome P. Grisko, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CBIZ, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 24, 2023 s JEROME P. GRISKO, JR. Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cbz-123122x10kexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF CBIZ, INC. 
 I, Ware H. Grove, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CBIZ, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 24, 2023 s WARE H. GROVE Ware H. Grove Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cbz-123122x10kexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF CBIZ, INC. 
 This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of CBIZ, Inc. (the Issuer filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof. 
 I, Jerome P. Grisko, Jr., the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, certify that to the best of my knowledge 
 (i) the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s JEROME P. GRISKO, JR. Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Subscribed and sworn to before me 
 on February 24, 2023. 
 s MICHAEL W. GLEESPEN Name Michael W. Gleespen Title Notary Public & Attorney-At-Law Registered in Franklin County, Ohio No Expiration Date 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 cbz-123122x10kexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF CBIZ, INC. 
 This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of CBIZ, Inc. (the Issuer filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof. 
 I, Ware H. Grove, the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer, certify that to the best of my knowledge 
 (i) the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s WARE H. GROVE Ware H. Grove Chief Financial Officer 
 Subscribed and sworn to before me 
 on February 24, 2023. 
 s MICHAEL W. GLEESPEN Name Michael W. Gleespen Title Notary Public & Attorney-At-Law Registered in Franklin County, Ohio No Expiration Date 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cbz-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cbz-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cbz-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cbz-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cbz-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

