<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230207_10-K_edgar_data_45012_0000045012-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13578027</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>554724</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2784131</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3943389</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3354417</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2724418</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000045012-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230207131802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000045012-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HALLIBURTON CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000045012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				752677995
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03492
		FILM NUMBER:		23593926

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 NORTH SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY EAST
		STREET 2:		3000 NORTH SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY EAST
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77032
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2818712699

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 NORTH SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY EAST
		STREET 2:		3000 NORTH SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY EAST
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77032

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HALLIBURTON OIL WELL CEMENTING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000045012-23-000011.txt : 20230207

10-K
 1
 hal-20221231.htm
 10-K

hal-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______to_______ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of Halliburton Company Common Stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, determined using the per share closing price on the New York Stock Exchange Composite tape of 31.36 on that date, was approximately billion. 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were shares of Halliburton Company Common Stock, par value per share, outstanding. 
 Portions of the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

HALLIBURTON COMPANY 
 Index to Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 PART I PAGE Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1(a). 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1(b). 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 22 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Executive Overview 
 23 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 25 
 Business Environment and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Results of Operations in 2022 Compared to 2021 
 29 
 Results of Operations in 2021 Compared to 2020 
 31 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 32 
 Financial Instrument Market Risk 
 34 
 Environmental Matters 
 35 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 35 
 Item 7(a). 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 69 
 Item 9(a). 
 Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 Item 9(b). 
 Other Information 
 69 
 Item 9(c). 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 69 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12(a). 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 70 
 Item 12(b). 
 Security Ownership of Management 
 70 
 Item 12(c). 
 Changes in Control 
 70 
 Item 12(d). 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 70 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 70 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 71 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 77 
 SIGNATURES 
 78 

i 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Description of business and strategy 
 Halliburton Company is one of the world's largest providers of products and services to the energy industry. Its predecessor was established in 1919 and incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1924. Inspired by the past and leading into the future, what started with a single product from a single location is now a global enterprise. Our value proposition is to collaborate and engineer solutions to maximize asset value for our customers. We strive to achieve strong cash flows and returns for our shareholders by delivering technology and services that improve efficiency, increase recovery, and maximize production for our customers. We are proud of our over 100 years of operation, innovation, collaboration, and execution. Halliburton has fostered a culture of unparalleled service to the world's major, national, and independent oil and gas producers. With approximately 45,000 employees, representing 130 nationalities in more than 70 countries, we help our customers maximize asset value throughout the lifecycle of the reservoir - from locating hydrocarbons and managing geological data, to drilling and formation evaluation, well construction and completion, and optimizing production throughout the life of the asset. 
 
 2022 Highlights 
 - Financial : Our total revenue increased 33 in 2022 as compared to 2021. Our International revenue increased 20 and our North America revenue increased 51 in 2022 compared to 2021, with improved margins driven by increased activity and pricing gains. Overall, our Completion and Production and Drilling and Evaluation operating segments finished the year with 18 and 15 operating margins, respectively. We generated strong cash flows from operations and retired 1.2 billion of debt. 
 - Digital : Our accelerated deployment and integration of digital and automation technologies created technical differentiation in the market and contributed to our higher margins and increased internal efficiencies. 
 - Capital efficiency : We advanced technologies and made strategic choices that kept our capital expenditures to 5 of revenue, which is in the range of our 5-6 of revenue target. 
 - Sustainability and energy mix transition : We were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), which recognizes the top 10 most sustainable companies per industry. The DJSI uses environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria to measure and rank the performance of best-in-class companies selected for its list. When compared to our peers, we ranked in the 98th percentile and received high marks in the Human Capital Development, Risk Crisis Management, and Business Ethics categories. Additionally, we added nine new participating companies to Halliburton Labs, our clean energy accelerator. 
 
 2023 Focus 
 - International : Allocate our capital to the highest return opportunities and increase our international growth in both onshore and offshore markets. 
 - North America : Maximize value by utilizing our premium low-emissions equipment and automated and intelligent fracturing technologies to drive higher margins through better pricing and increased efficiency. 
 - Digital : Continue to drive differentiation and efficiencies through the deployment and integration of digital and automation technologies, both internally and for our customers. 
 - Capital efficiency : Maintain our capital expenditures in the range of 5-6 of revenue while focusing on technological advancements and process changes that reduce our manufacturing and maintenance costs and improve how we move equipment and respond to market opportunities. 
 - Sustainability and energy mix transition : Continue to: 
 Leverage the increasing number of participants in and scope of Halliburton Labs to gain insight into developing value chains in the energy mix transition; 
 Develop and deploy solutions to help oil and gas operators lower their emissions while also using our existing technologies in renewable energy applications; 
 Develop technologies and solutions to lower our own emissions; and 
 Grow our participation in the entire life cycle of carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, and geothermal projects globally. 
 
 For further discussion on our business strategies, see "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business Environment and Results of Operations-Business Outlook." 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 1 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 Operating segments 
 We operate under two divisions, which form the basis for the two operating segments we report, the Completion and Production segment and the Drilling and Evaluation segment. 
 
 Completion and Production delivers cementing, stimulation, intervention, pressure control, artificial lift, and completion products and services. The segment consists of the following product service lines: 
 
 - Production Enhancement: includes stimulation services and sand control services. Stimulation services optimize oil and natural gas reservoir production through a variety of pressure pumping services and chemical processes, commonly known as hydraulic fracturing and acidizing. Sand control services include fluid and chemical systems for the prevention of formation sand production. 
 - Cementing: involves bonding the well and well casing while isolating fluid zones and maximizing wellbore stability. Our cementing product service line also provides casing equipment. 
 - Completion Tools: provides downhole solutions and services to our customers to complete their wells, including well completion products and services, intelligent well completions, liner hanger systems, sand control systems, multilateral systems, and service tools. 
 - Production Solutions: provides customized well intervention solutions to increase well performance, which includes coiled tubing, hydraulic workover units, downhole tools, pumping services, and nitrogen services. 
 - Artificial Lift: provides services to maximize reservoir and wellbore recovery by applying lifting technology, intelligent field management solutions, and related services throughout the life of the well, including electrical submersible pumps. 
 - Pipeline Process Services: provides a complete range of pre-commissioning, commissioning, maintenance, and decommissioning services to the onshore and offshore pipeline and process plant construction commissioning and maintenance industries. 
 
 Drilling and Evaluation provides field and reservoir modeling, drilling, fluids and specialty chemicals, evaluation and precise wellbore placement solutions that enable customers to model, measure, drill, and optimize their well construction activities. The segment consists of the following product service lines: 
 
 - Baroid: provides drilling fluid systems, performance additives, completion fluids, solids control, specialized testing equipment, and waste management services for oil and natural gas drilling, completion, and workover operations. It also provides customized specialty oilfield completion, production, and downstream water and process treatment chemicals and services. 
 - Sperry Drilling: provides drilling systems and services that offer directional control for precise wellbore placement while providing important measurements about the characteristics of the drill string and geological formations while drilling wells. These services include directional and horizontal drilling, measurement-while-drilling, logging-while-drilling, surface data logging, and rig site information systems. 
 - Wireline and Perforating: provides open-hole logging services that supply information on formation evaluation and reservoir fluid analysis, including formation lithology, rock properties, and reservoir fluid properties. Also offered are cased-hole and slickline services, including perforating, pipe recovery services, through-casing formation evaluation and reservoir monitoring, casing and cement integrity measurements, and well intervention services. 
 - Drill Bits and Services: provides roller cone rock bits, fixed cutter bits, hole enlargement and related downhole tools and services used in drilling oil and natural gas wells. In addition, coring equipment and services are provided to acquire cores of the formation drilled for evaluation. 
 - Landmark Software and Services: provides cloud based digital services and artificial intelligence solutions on an open architecture for subsurface insights, integrated well construction, and reservoir and production management. 
 - Testing and Subsea: provides acquisition and analysis of dynamic reservoir information and reservoir optimization solutions to the oil and natural gas industry through a broad portfolio of test tools, data acquisition services, fluid sampling, surface well testing, subsea safety systems, and underbalanced applications. 
 - Halliburton Project Management: provides integrated solutions to our customers by leveraging the full line of our oilfield services, products, and technologies to solve customer challenges throughout the oilfield lifecycle, including project management and integrated asset management. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 2 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 The following charts depict our revenue split between our two operating segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further financial information related to each of our business segments. 
 
 Markets and competition 
 We are one of the world s largest diversified energy services companies. Our services and products are sold in highly competitive markets throughout the world. Competitive factors impacting sales of our services and products include: price; service delivery; health, safety, and environmental standards and practices; service quality; global talent retention; understanding the geological characteristics of the reservoir; product quality; warranty; and technical proficiency. 
 
 We conduct business worldwide in more than 70 countries. The business operations of our divisions are organized around four primary geographic regions: North America, Latin America, Europe/Africa/CIS, and Middle East/Asia. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, based on the location of services provided and products sold, 45 , 40 , and 38 , respectively, of our consolidated revenue was from the United States. No other country accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenue during these periods. See "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about our geographic operations. Because the markets for our services and products are vast and cross numerous geographic lines, it is not practicable to provide a meaningful estimate of the total number of our competitors. The industries we serve are highly competitive, and we have many substantial competitors. Most of our services and products are marketed through our service and sales organizations. 
 
 The following charts depict our revenue split between our four primary geographic regions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 3 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 Our operations in some countries may be adversely affected by unsettled political conditions, acts of terrorism, civil unrest, force majeure, war or other armed conflict, health or similar issues, sanctions, expropriation or other governmental actions, inflation, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency exchange restrictions and highly inflationary currencies, as well as other geopolitical factors. We believe the geographic diversification of our business activities reduces the risk that an interruption of operations in any one country, other than the United States, would be materially adverse to our business, consolidated results of operations, or consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Information regarding our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, risk concentration, and financial instruments used to minimize risk is included in "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Instrument Market Risk and in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Customers 
 Our revenue during the past three years was derived from the sale of services and products to the energy industry. No single customer represented more than 10 of our consolidated revenue in any period presented. 
 
 Raw materials 
 Raw materials essential to our business are normally readily available. However, market conditions can trigger constraints in the supply of certain raw materials, such as proppants (primarily sand), chemicals, metals, and gels. We are always striving to ensure the availability of resources and manage raw material costs. Our procurement department uses our relationships and buying power to enhance our access to key materials at competitive prices. 
 
 Patents 
 We own a large number of patents and have pending a substantial number of patent applications covering various products and processes. We are also licensed to utilize technology covered by patents owned by others, and we license others to utilize technology covered by our patents. We do not consider any particular patent to be material to our business operations. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Weather and natural phenomena can temporarily affect the performance of our services, but the widespread geographical locations of our operations mitigate those effects. Examples of how weather can impact our business include: 
 - the severity and duration of the winter in North America can have a significant impact on drilling activity and on natural gas storage levels; 
 - the timing and duration of the spring thaw in Canada directly affects activity levels due to road restrictions; 
 - typhoons and hurricanes can disrupt coastal and offshore operations; and 
 - severe weather during the winter normally results in reduced activity levels in the North Sea. 
 
 Additionally, customer spending patterns for completion tools typically result in higher activity in the fourth quarter of the year. We recognize revenue on customer software contract sales predominantly in the first and fourth quarters of the year. 
 
 Our workforce 
 Our workforce is our top asset in enabling us to accomplish innovative, high-quality work for our customers and to address the world s energy challenges. To attract and retain talent, we strive to provide a safe and inclusive working environment along with competitive benefits. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 45,000 people worldwide representing 130 nationalities, operated in more than 70 countries, and approximately 21 of our employees were subject to collective bargaining agreements. Based upon the geographic diversification of our employees, we do not believe any risk of loss from employee strikes or other collective actions are material to the conduct of our operations taken as a whole. 
 
 Recruiting and Turnover 
 Given the size and geographic scope of our workforce, we have a robust world-wide recruiting apparatus, which includes personnel devoted to recruiting and retention, online job postings, and recruiting programs we have established at academic institutions for internships and entry-level roles. In order to increase the number of diverse employees, we have developed relationships with diversity-focused student organizations, provide professional development sessions to students, engage our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) to participate in select university events, and participate in outreach efforts through programs supported by our Educational Advisory Board. 
 
 In 2022, we hired about 10,500 new employees and were able to rehire more than 3,000 former employees despite a tight labor market. We have found that hiring former employees allows us to add needed personnel who are able to apply their prior experience at the Company to quickly re-acclimate and add value to their teams. 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 4 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

Diversity, equity, and inclusion 
 With our large employee base and global breadth, we are one of the world s most diverse companies. Our Code of Business Conduct describes our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion, which is supported by our recruitment and employment practices. It is a priority to continue to increase the diversity of our workforce, both in general and in leadership positions. Furthermore, we strive to increase the percentage of local nationals that we employ in each region of operations to better communicate with local customers and other contractors, share knowledge of the culture and values of the local population, improve local economies, and make our workforce more representative of the populations where we provide our services. In 2022, 92 of our workforce and 85 of management were localized, full-time employees not classified as expatriates or commuters. In 2022, 13 of our workforce and 13 of our managers, which includes employees with job levels of supervisor, coordinator and above, were female. 
 
 Leadership 
 The ongoing identification and development of leadership talent ensures business continuity and strengthens our competitive advantage, both of which are critical for our short and long-term success. In 2022, we saw a 31 increase in female candidates on replacement charts since 2020. One of our most significant investments in developing future leaders is our executive education programs. In 2022, approximately 25 of the participants in these programs were female and 59 different nationalities were represented. 
 
 As part of our commitment to employee engagement, we solicit feedback from employees on their workplace challenges, and empower them to share their perspectives and ideas to improve the overall employee experience, including performance, development, and work-life balance. Notably, according to a survey we conducted in 2022, 96 of our employees feel the work they do everyday matters. 
 
 Benefits and well-being 
 We provide our employees around the world with benefits that address the diverse needs of our workforce and their families. We evaluate our benefits package to identify opportunities for improvement and to remain competitive. In 2022, we enhanced healthcare benefits and expenditure planning for United States employees with refreshed medical plans, enhancements to surrogacy allowance, legal plans, pharmacy advocacy programs, and a global business travel accident program. In 2022, we continued to expand our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) and now all Halliburton employees and their families around the globe have access to EAP and best-in-class mental health support services in their local markets. 
 
 Safety 
 Safety is a Halliburton core value. We have many safety programs in place, including our Journey to ZERO initiative, to maintain our strong performance and improve proactive identification and management of safety risks. In 2022, we focused on risk management, refreshed primary scorecard metrics, and continued the evolution of our incident investigation program. As a result of our focus on safety, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our total recordable incident rates were 0.29 and 0.25 (incidents per 200,000 hours worked), non-productive times were 0.27 and 0.30 (percentage of total operating hours), lost-time incident rates were 0.08 and 0.09 (incidents per 200,000 hours worked), and preventable recordable vehicle incident rates were 0.10 and 0.16 (incidents per million miles traveled), respectively. 
 
 Government regulation 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, legal, and regulatory requirements related to our operations worldwide. For further information related to environmental matters and regulation, see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements and "Item 1(a). Risk Factors. 
 
 Hydraulic fracturing 
 Hydraulic fracturing is a process that creates fractures extending from the well bore into the rock formation to enable natural gas or oil to move more easily from the rock pores to a production conduit. A significant portion of our Completion and Production segment provides hydraulic fracturing services to customers developing shale natural gas and shale oil. From time to time, questions arise about the scope of our operations in the shale natural gas and shale oil sectors, and the extent to which these operations may affect human health and the environment. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 5 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 At the direction of our customer, we design and generally implement a hydraulic fracturing operation to stimulate the well's production after the well has been drilled, cased, and cemented. Our customer is generally responsible for providing the base fluid (usually water) used in the hydraulic fracturing of a well. We frequently supply the proppant (primarily sand) and at least a portion of the additives used in the overall fracturing fluid mixture. In addition, we mix the additives and proppant with the base fluid and pump the mixture down the wellbore to create the desired fractures in the target formation. The customer is responsible for disposing or recycling for further use any materials that are subsequently produced or pumped out of the well, including flowback fluids and produced water. 
 
 As part of the process of constructing the well, the customer will take a number of steps designed to protect aquifers. In particular, the casing and cementing of the well are designed to provide 'zonal isolation' so that the fluids pumped down the wellbore and the oil and natural gas and other materials that are subsequently pumped out of the well will not come into contact with shallow aquifers or other shallow formations through which those materials could potentially migrate to freshwater aquifers or the surface. 
 
 The potential environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing have been studied by numerous government entities and others. In 2004, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) conducted an extensive study of hydraulic fracturing practices, focusing on coalbed methane wells, and their potential effect on underground sources of drinking water. The EPA s study concluded that hydraulic fracturing of coalbed methane wells poses little or no threat to underground sources of drinking water. In December 2016, the EPA released a final report, Hydraulic Fracturing for Oil and Gas: Impacts from the Hydraulic Fracturing Water Cycle on Drinking Water Resources in the United States representing the culmination of a six-year study requested by Congress. While the EPA report noted a potential for some impact to drinking water sources caused by hydraulic fracturing, the agency confirmed the overall incidence of impacts is low. Moreover, a number of the areas of potential impact identified in the report involve activities for which we are not generally responsible, such as potential impacts associated with withdrawals of surface water for use as a base fluid and management of wastewater. 
 
 We have proactively developed processes to provide our customers with the chemical constituents of our hydraulic fracturing fluids to enable our customers to comply with state laws as well as voluntary standards established by the Chemical Disclosure Registry, www.fracfocus.org . We have invested considerable resources in developing hydraulic fracturing technologies, in both the equipment and chemistry portions of our business, which offer our customers a variety of environment-friendly options related to the use of hydraulic fracturing fluid additives and other aspects of our hydraulic fracturing operations. We created a hydraulic fracturing fluid system comprised of materials sourced entirely from the food industry. In addition, we have engineered a process that uses ultraviolet light to control the growth of bacteria in hydraulic fracturing fluids, allowing customers to minimize the use of chemical biocides. We are committed to the continued development of innovative chemical and mechanical technologies that allow for more economical and environment-friendly development of the world s oil and natural gas reserves, and that reduce noise while complying with Tier 4 lower emission legislation. 
 
 In evaluating any environmental risks that may be associated with our hydraulic fracturing services, it is helpful to understand the role that we play in the development of shale natural gas and shale oil. Our principal task generally is to manage the process of injecting fracturing fluids into the borehole to stimulate the well. Thus, based on the provisions in our contracts and applicable law, the primary environmental risks we face are potential pre-injection spills or releases of stored fracturing fluids and potential spills or releases of fuel or other fluids associated with pumps, blenders, conveyors, or other above-ground equipment used in the hydraulic fracturing process. 
 
 Although possible concerns have been raised about hydraulic fracturing, the circumstances described above have helped to mitigate those concerns. To date, we have not been obligated to compensate any indemnified party for any environmental liability arising directly from hydraulic fracturing, although there can be no assurance that such obligations or liabilities will not arise in the future. For further information on risks related to hydraulic fracturing, see "Item 1(a). Risk Factors. 
 
 Working capital 
 We fund our business operations through a combination of available cash and equivalents, short-term investments, and cash flow generated from operations. In addition, our revolving credit facility is available for additional working capital needs. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 6 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 Web site access - www.halliburton.com 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available at www.halliburton.com soon thereafter. The SEC website www.sec.gov contains our reports, proxy and information statements and our other SEC filings. Our Code of Business Conduct, which applies to all our employees and Directors and serves as a code of ethics for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and other persons performing similar functions, can be found at www.halliburton.com . Any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct or any waivers from provisions of our Code of Business Conduct granted to the specified officers above are also disclosed on our web site within four business days after the date of any amendment or waiver pertaining to these officers. There have been no waivers from provisions of our Code of Business Conduct for the years 2022, 2021, or 2020. Except to the extent expressly stated otherwise, information contained on or accessible from our web site or any other web site is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this report. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 7 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 The following table indicates the names and ages of the executive officers of Halliburton Company as of February 7, 2023, including all offices and positions held by each in the past five years: Name and Age Offices Held and Term of Office Van H. Beckwith (Age 57) Executive Vice President, Secretary and Chief Legal Officer of Halliburton Company, since December 2020 Senior Vice President and General Counsel, January 2020 to December 2020 Partner, Baker Botts L.L.P., January 1999 to December 2019 Eric J. Carre (Age 56) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Halliburton Company, since May 2022 
 Executive Vice President, Global Business Lines of Halliburton Company, May 2016 to April 2022 Charles E. Geer, Jr. (Age 52) Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Halliburton Company, since December 2019 
 Vice President and Corporate Controller of Halliburton Company, January 2015 to December 2019 
 Myrtle L. Jones (Age 63) Senior Vice President, Tax of Halliburton Company, since March 2013 Timothy M. McKeon (Age 50) Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Halliburton Company, since January 2022 Vice President and Treasurer of Halliburton Company, January 2014 to December 2021 Jeffrey A. Miller (Age 59) Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Halliburton Company, since January 2019 
 Member of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of Halliburton Company, June 2017 to December 2018 
 Lawrence J. Pope (Age 54) Executive Vice President of Administration and Chief Human Resources Officer of Halliburton Company, since January 2008 
 Joe D. Rainey (Age 66) President, Eastern Hemisphere of Halliburton Company, since January 2011 
 Mark J. Richard (Age 61) President, Western Hemisphere of Halliburton Company, since February 2019 
 Senior Vice President, Northern U.S. Region of Halliburton Company, August 2018 to January 2019 
 Senior Vice President, Business Development and Marketing of Halliburton Company, November 2015 to July 2018 
 Jill D. Sharp (Age 52) Senior Vice President, Internal Assurance Services of Halliburton Company, since January 2022 Vice President, Internal Assurance Services of Halliburton Company, September 2021 to December 2021 Vice President, Finance - Western Hemisphere of Halliburton Company, October 2016 to August 2021 
 
 There are no family relationships between the executive officers of the registrant or between any director and any executive officer of the registrant. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 8 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Business 

 Directors of the Registrant 
 
 Name Title and company William E. Albrecht President of Moncrief Energy, LLC M. Katherine Banks President of Texas A M University Alan M. Bennett Retired President and Chief Executive Officer of H R Block, Inc. Milton Carroll Retired Executive Chairman of the Board of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. Earl M. Cummings Managing Partner of MCM Houston Properties, LLC and Chief Executive Officer of BTS Team, Inc. Murry S. Gerber Retired Executive Chairman of the Board of EQT Corporation Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal Retired Senior Vice President of Industrial Relations of Saudi Aramco Robert A. Malone Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of First Sonora Bancshares, Inc. Jefferey A. Miller Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Halliburton Company Bhavesh V. Patel Chief Executive Officer of W.R. Grace Tobi M. Edwards Young Senior Vice President, Global Privacy, Government Affairs, and Chief Regulatory Attorney of Cognizant Technology Solutions 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 9 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 Item 1(a). Risk Factors. 
 When considering an investment in Halliburton Company, all of the risk factors described below and other information included and incorporated by reference in this annual report should be carefully considered. Any of these risk factors could have a significant or material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Industry Environment Related 
 
 Trends in oil and natural gas prices affect the level of exploration, development, and production activity of our customers and the demand for our services and products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Demand for our services and products is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development, and production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies. The level of exploration, development, and production activity is directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices, which historically have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile. Prices for oil and natural gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, and a variety of other economic factors that are beyond our control. Given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects, even the perception of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices by oil and natural gas companies can cause them to reduce or defer major expenditures. Any prolonged reductions of commodity prices or expectations of such reductions could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Factors affecting the prices of oil and natural gas include: 
 - the level of supply and demand for oil and natural gas; 
 - the ability or willingness of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and the expanded alliance collectively known as OPEC+ to set and maintain oil production levels; 
 - the level of oil production in the U.S. and by other non-OPEC+ countries; 
 - oil refining capacity and shifts in end-customer preferences toward fuel efficiency and the use of natural gas; 
 - the cost of, and constraints associated with, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; 
 - governmental regulations and other actions, including economic sanctions and policies of governments regarding the exploration for and production and development of their oil and natural gas reserves; 
 - weather conditions, natural disasters, and health or similar issues, such as COVID-19 and other pandemics or epidemics; 
 - worldwide political and military actions, and economic conditions, including potential recessions; and 
 - increased demand for alternative energy and use of electric vehicles and increased emphasis on decarbonization, including government initiatives, such as the variety of tax credits contained in the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, to promote the use of renewable energy sources and public sentiment around alternatives to oil and gas. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 10 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 Our business is dependent on capital spending by our customers, and reductions in capital spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Our business is directly affected by changes in capital expenditures by our customers, and reductions in their capital spending could reduce demand for our services and products and have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. Some of the items that may impact our customer's capital spending include: 
 - oil and natural gas prices, which are impacted by the factors described in the preceding risk factor; 
 - the inability of our customers to access capital on economically advantageous terms, which may be impacted by, among other things, a decrease of investors' interest in hydrocarbon producers because of environmental and sustainability initiatives; 
 - changes in customers' capital allocation, including an increased allocation to the production of renewable energy or other sustainability efforts, leading to less focus on oil and natural gas production growth; 
 - restrictions on our customers' ability to get their produced oil and natural gas to market due to infrastructure limitations; 
 - consolidation of our customers; 
 - customer personnel changes; and 
 - adverse developments in the business or operations of our customers, including write-downs of oil and natural gas reserves and borrowing base reductions under customers' credit facilities. 
 
 Liabilities arising out of our products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Events can occur at sites where our products and equipment are produced, stored, transported, or installed, or where we conduct our operations or provide our services, or at chemical blending or manufacturing facilities, including well blowouts and equipment or materials failures, which could result in explosions, fires, personal injuries, property damage (including surface and subsurface damage), pollution, and potential legal responsibility. Generally, we rely on liability insurance coverage and on contractual indemnities, releases, and limitations of liability with our customers to protect us from potential liability related to such occurrences. However, we do not have these contractual provisions in all contracts, and even where we do, it is possible that the respective customer or insurer could seek to avoid or be financially unable to meet its obligations, or a court may decline to enforce such provisions. Damages that are not indemnified or released could greatly exceed available insurance coverage and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected by severe or unseasonable weather where we have operations. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected by severe weather, particularly in Canada, the Gulf of Mexico, and the North Sea. Many experts believe global climate change could increase the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions. Repercussions of severe or unseasonable weather conditions may include: 
 - evacuation of personnel and inoperability of equipment resulting in curtailment of services; 
 - weather-related damage to offshore drilling rigs resulting in suspension of operations; 
 - weather-related damage to our facilities and project work sites; 
 - inability to deliver materials to job sites in accordance with contract schedules; 
 - fluctuations in demand for oil and natural gas, including possible decreases during unseasonably warm winters; and 
 - loss of productivity. 
 
 Our failure to protect our proprietary information and any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could materially and adversely affect our competitive position. 
 We rely on a variety of intellectual property rights that we use in our services and products. We may not be able to successfully preserve these intellectual property rights in the future, and these rights could be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which our services and products may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Courts could find that others infringe our patent or other intellectual property rights or that our products and services may infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Our failure to protect our proprietary information and any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 11 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 If we are not able to design, develop and produce commercially competitive products and to implement commercially competitive services in a timely manner in response to changes in the market, customer requirements, competitive pressures, developments associated with climate change concerns and energy mix transition, and technology trends, our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and the value of our intellectual property may be reduced. 
 The market for our services and products is characterized by continual technological developments to provide better and more reliable performance and services. If we are not able to design, develop, and produce commercially competitive products and to implement commercially competitive services in a timely manner in response to changes in the market, customer requirements, competitive pressures, developments associated with climate change concerns and energy mix transition, and technology trends, our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and the value of our intellectual property may be reduced. Likewise, if our proprietary technologies, equipment, facilities, or work processes become obsolete, we may no longer be competitive, and our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We sometimes provide integrated project management services in the form of long-term, fixed price contracts that may require us to assume additional risks associated with cost over-runs, operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, supplier and contractor pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages. 
 We sometimes provide integrated project management services outside our normal discrete business in the form of long-term, fixed price contracts. Some of these contracts are required by our customers, primarily national oil companies. These services include acting as project managers as well as service providers and may require us to assume additional risks associated with cost over-runs. These customers may provide us with inaccurate information in relation to their reserves, which is a subjective process that involves location and volume estimation, that may result in cost over-runs, delays, and project losses. In addition, our customers often operate in countries with unsettled political conditions, war, civil unrest, or other types of community issues. These issues may also result in cost over-runs, delays, and project losses. 
 
 Providing services on an integrated basis may also require us to assume additional risks associated with operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, supplier pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages. We rely on third-party subcontractors and equipment providers to assist us with the completion of these types of contracts. To the extent that we cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials in a timely manner and on reasonable terms, our ability to complete a project in accordance with stated deadlines or at a profit may be impaired. If the amount we are required to pay for these goods and services exceeds the amount we have estimated in bidding for fixed-price work, we could experience losses in the performance of these contracts. These delays and additional costs may be substantial, and we may be required to compensate our customers for these delays. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project. 
 
 Constraints in the supply of, prices for, and availability of transportation of raw materials can have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 Raw materials essential to our operations and manufacturing, such as proppants (primarily sand), chemicals, metals, and gels, are normally readily available. Shortage of raw materials as a result of high levels of demand or loss of suppliers during market challenges can trigger constraints in the supply chain of those raw materials, particularly where we have a relationship with a single supplier for a particular resource. Many of the raw materials essential to our business require the use of rail, storage, and trucking services to transport the materials to our job sites. These services, particularly during times of high demand, may cause delays in the arrival of or otherwise constrain our supply of raw materials. These constraints could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. In addition, price increases imposed by our vendors for raw materials and transportation providers used in our business, and the inability to pass these increases through to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to operate and our growth potential could be materially and adversely affected if we cannot attract, employ, and retain technical personnel at a competitive cost. 
 Many of the services that we provide and the products that we sell are complex and highly engineered and often must perform or be performed in harsh conditions. We believe that our success depends upon our ability to attract, employ, and retain technical personnel with the ability to design, utilize, and enhance these services and products. A significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in a reduction of our skilled labor force, increases in the wage rates that we must pay, or both. If either of these events were to occur, our cost structure could increase, our margins could decrease, and any growth potential could be impaired. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 12 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 Laws and Regulations Related 
 
 Our operations outside the United States require us to comply with a number of United States and international regulations, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Our operations outside the United States require us to comply with a number of United States and international regulations. For example, our operations in countries outside the United States are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), which prohibits United States companies and their agents and employees from providing anything of value to a foreign official for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of these individuals in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or corporate entity, or obtain any unfair advantage. Our activities create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by our employees, agents, or joint venture partners that could be in violation of anti-corruption laws, even though some of these parties are not subject to our control. We have internal control policies and procedures and have implemented training and compliance programs for our employees and agents with respect to the FCPA. However, we cannot assure that our policies, procedures, and programs will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. We are also subject to the risks that our employees, joint venture partners, and agents outside of the United States may fail to comply with other applicable laws. Allegations of violations of applicable anti-corruption laws have resulted and may in the future result in internal, independent, or government investigations. Violations of anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 In addition, the shipment of goods, services, and technology across international borders subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import activities are governed by the unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries where we operate. Moreover, many countries, including the United States, control the export, re-export, and in-country transfer of certain goods, services, and technology and impose related export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Governments may also impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons, and entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons, and entities, which may limit or prevent our conduct of business in certain jurisdictions. The imposition of such sanctions on Russia in connection with Russia s invasion of Ukraine led to our decision to dispose of our Russian operations during the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 The laws and regulations concerning import activity, export recordkeeping and reporting, export control and economic sanctions are complex and constantly changing. These laws and regulations can cause delays in shipments and unscheduled operational downtime. Moreover, any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory trading obligations could result in government investigations of our activities, as well as criminal and civil penalties and sanctions, such as fines, imprisonment, debarment from governmental contracts, seizure of shipments, and loss of import and export privileges. 
 
 Our activities outside of the United States expose us to various legal, social, economic, and political issues which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with laws in the countries in which we conduct business may negatively impact our ability to provide services in, make sales of equipment to, and transfer personnel or equipment among some of those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 In the countries in which we conduct business, we are subject to multiple and, at times, inconsistent regulatory regimes, including those that govern our use of radioactive materials, explosives, and chemicals in the course of our operations. Various national and international regulatory regimes govern the shipment of these items. Many countries, but not all, impose special controls upon the export and import of radioactive materials, explosives, and chemicals. Our ability to do business is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these multiple regulatory requirements applicable to these special products. In addition, the various laws governing import and export of both products and technology apply to a wide range of services and products we offer. In turn, this can affect our employment practices of hiring people of different nationalities because these laws may prohibit or limit access to some products or technology by employees of various nationalities. Changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with these laws may negatively impact our ability to provide services in, make sales of equipment to, and transfer personnel or equipment among some of the countries in which we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 13 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 The adoption of any future federal, state, or local laws or implementing regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting or banning, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas and oil wells and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Various federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives, as well as actions in other countries, have been or could be undertaken that could result in additional requirements or restrictions being imposed on hydraulic fracturing operations. For example, the United States may seek to adopt federal regulations or enact federal laws that would impose additional regulatory requirements on or even prohibit hydraulic fracturing in some areas. Legislation and/or regulations have been adopted in many U.S. states that require additional disclosure regarding chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process but that generally include protections for proprietary information. Legislation, regulations, and/or policies have also been adopted at the state level that impose other types of requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations (such as limits on operations in the event of certain levels of seismic activity). Additional legislation and/or regulations have been adopted or are being considered at the state and local level that could impose further chemical disclosure or other regulatory requirements (such as prohibitions on hydraulic fracturing operations in certain areas) that could affect our operations. Four states (New York, Maryland, Vermont, and Washington) have banned the use of high volume hydraulic fracturing, Oregon has adopted a five-year moratorium, and Colorado has enacted legislation providing local governments with regulatory authority over hydraulic fracturing operations. Local jurisdictions in some states have adopted ordinances that restrict or in certain cases prohibit the use of hydraulic fracturing, although many of these ordinances have been challenged and some have been overturned. In addition, governmental authorities in various foreign countries where we have provided or may provide hydraulic fracturing services have imposed or are considering imposing various restrictions or conditions that may affect hydraulic fracturing operations. The adoption of any future federal, state, local, or foreign laws or regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting or banning, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas and oil wells and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Liability for cleanup costs, natural resource damages and other damages arising as a result of environmental laws and regulations could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations in the United States and the other countries where we do business. We evaluate and address the environmental impact of our operations by assessing and remediating contaminated properties to avoid future liabilities and comply with legal and regulatory requirements. From time to time, claims have been made against us under environmental laws and regulations. In the United States, environmental laws and regulations typically impose strict liability. Strict liability means that in some situations we could be exposed to liability for cleanup costs, natural resource damages, and other damages as a result of our conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or the conduct of prior operators or other third parties. We are periodically notified of potential liabilities at federal and state superfund sites. These potential liabilities may arise from both historical Halliburton operations and the historical operations of companies that we have acquired. Our exposure at these sites may be materially impacted by unforeseen adverse developments both in the final remediation costs and with respect to the final allocation among the various parties involved at the sites. The relevant regulatory agency may bring suit against us for amounts in excess of what we have accrued and what we believe is our proportionate share of remediation costs at any superfund site. We also could be subject to third-party claims, including punitive damages, with respect to environmental matters for which we have been named as a potentially responsible party. Liability for damages arising as a result of environmental laws or related third-party claims could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 14 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 Failure on our part to comply with, and the costs of compliance with, applicable health, safety, and environmental requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 In addition to the numerous environmental laws and regulations that apply to our operations, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other countries relating to health and safety. Among those laws and regulations are those covering hazardous materials and requiring emission performance standards for facilities. For example, our well service operations routinely involve the handling of significant amounts of waste materials, some of which are classified as hazardous substances. We also store, transport, and use radioactive and explosive materials in certain of our operations. Applicable regulatory requirements include those concerning: 
 - the containment and disposal of hazardous substances, oilfield waste, and other waste materials; 
 - the production, storage, transportation and use of explosive materials; 
 - the importation and use of radioactive materials; 
 - the use of underground storage tanks; 
 - the use of underground injection wells; and 
 - the protection of worker safety both onshore and offshore. 
 
 These and other requirements generally are becoming increasingly strict. The failure to comply with the requirements, many of which may be applied retroactively, may result in: 
 - administrative, civil, and criminal penalties; 
 - revocation of permits to conduct business; and 
 - corrective action orders, including orders to investigate and/or clean up contamination. 
 
 Failure on our part to comply with applicable health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations or costs arising from regulatory compliance, including compliance with changes in or expansion of applicable regulatory requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Existing or future laws, regulations, treaties, or international agreements related to greenhouse gases, climate change, or alternative energy sources could have a negative impact on our business and may result in additional compliance obligations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Changes in or the adoption or enactment of laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements related to greenhouse gases, climate change, or alternative energy sources, including changes that may make it more expensive to explore for and produce oil and natural gas, may negatively impact demand for our services and products. For example, oil and natural gas exploration and production may decline as a result of environmental requirements, including land use policies responsive to environmental concerns. State, national, and international governments and agencies in areas in which we conduct business continue to evaluate, and in some instances adopt, climate-related legislation and other regulatory initiatives that would restrict emissions of greenhouse gases. 
 
 The President of the United States has issued Executive Orders seeking to adopt new regulations and policies to address climate change and to suspend, revise, or rescind prior agency actions that the administration identified as conflicting with its climate policies. These include Executive Orders requiring a review of current U.S. federal lands leasing and permitting practices, as well as a temporary halt of new leasing of U.S. federal lands and offshore waters available for oil and gas exploration. The Executive Orders halting the leasing of U.S. federal lands were challenged in court and, in August 2022, a federal judge in Louisiana issued a permanent injunction against the temporary halt to the leasing of federal lands for oil and gas drilling. As a result of the review of leasing and permitting practices, the U.S. Department of the Interior recommended increasing the royalty rate payable to the U.S. government by operators, as well as bonding requirements and emissions requirements for operators. The Biden Administration resumed selling leases to drill for oil and gas on federal lands in April 2022, but with an 80 reduction in the number of acres offered and an increase in the royalties companies must pay to drill. All of these changes could have a negative effect on exploration and production of oil and natural gas and, consequently, negatively impact the demand for our products and services. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 15 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 In February 2021, the United States formally re-joined the Paris Agreement. The Paris Agreement requires countries to review and represent a progression in their intended nationally determined contributions, which set greenhouse gases emission reduction goals, every five years. The United States Environmental Protection Agency has proposed strict new methane emission regulations for certain oil and gas facilities. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 establishes a charge on methane emissions above certain limits from the same facilities. Though we are closely following developments in this area and changes in the regulatory landscape in the United States, we cannot predict how or when those changes may ultimately impact our business. Because our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, existing or future laws, regulations, treaties, or international agreements related to greenhouse gases or climate change, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources, may reduce demand for oil and natural gas and could have a negative impact on our business. Likewise, such restrictions may result in additional compliance obligations with respect to the release, capture, sequestration, and use of carbon dioxide. The efforts we have taken, and may undertake in the future, to respond to these evolving or new regulations and to environmental initiatives of customers, investors, and others may increase our costs. These and other environmental requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 We could be subject to changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation, tax audits, or exposure to additional tax liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous jurisdictions where we operate and our subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. In addition, our tax returns are subject to examination by the U.S. and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of the examinations. An increase in tax rates, particularly in the U.S., changes in our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, or adverse outcomes resulting from examinations of our tax returns could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Our operations are subject to political and economic instability and risk of government actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 We are exposed to risks inherent in doing business in each of the countries in which we operate. Our operations are subject to various risks unique to each country that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. With respect to any particular country, these risks may include: 
 - political and economic instability, including: 
 civil unrest, acts of terrorism, war, and other armed conflict; 
 inflation; and 
 currency fluctuations, devaluations, and conversion restrictions; and 
 - governmental actions that may: 
 result in expropriation and nationalization of our assets in that country; 
 result in confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies; 
 limit or disrupt markets or our customers and our operations, restrict payments, or limit the movement of funds; 
 impose sanctions on our ability to conduct business with certain customers or persons; 
 result in the deprivation of contract rights; and 
 result in the inability to obtain or retain licenses required for operation. 
 For example, due to the unsettled political conditions in many oil-producing countries, our operations, revenue, and profits are subject to the adverse consequences of war, terrorism, civil unrest, strikes, currency controls, and governmental actions. These, and other risks described above, could result in the loss of our personnel or assets, cause us to evacuate our personnel from certain countries, cause us to increase spending on security worldwide, cause us to cease operating in certain countries, disrupt financial and commercial markets, including the supply of and pricing for oil and natural gas, and generate greater political and economic instability in some of the geographic areas in which we operate. Areas where we operate that have significant risk include, but are not limited to: the Middle East, North Africa, Angola, Argentina, Azerbaijan, Brazil, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Mexico, Mozambique, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, and Ukraine. In addition, any possible reprisals as a consequence of military or other action, such as acts of terrorism in the United States or elsewhere, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 16 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our operations are subject to cyberattacks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 We are increasingly dependent on digital technologies and services to conduct our business. We use these technologies for internal and operational purposes, including data storage, processing, and transmissions, as well as in our interactions with our business associates, such as customers and suppliers. Examples of these digital technologies include analytics, automation, and cloud services. Our digital technologies and services, and those of our business associates, are subject to the risk of cyberattacks and, given the nature of such attacks, some incidents can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond to them in a timely manner. We routinely monitor our systems for cyber threats and have processes in place to detect and remediate vulnerabilities. Nevertheless, we have experienced occasional cyberattacks and attempted breaches over the past year, including attacks resulting from phishing emails and malware infections. We responded to and mitigated the impact of these incidents. Even if we successfully defend our own digital technologies and services, we also rely on our business associates, with whom we may share data and services, to defend their digital technologies and services against attack. No known leakage of material financial, technical, or customer data occurred as a result of cyberattacks against us and none of the incidents mentioned above had a material adverse effect on our business, operations, reputation, or consolidated results of operations or consolidated financial condition. 
 
 If our systems, or our business associates' systems, for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove not to be sufficient, we could be adversely affected by, among other things: loss of or damage to intellectual property, proprietary or confidential information, or customer, supplier, or employee data; interruption of our business operations; and increased costs required to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity attacks. These risks could harm our reputation and our relationships with our business associates, customers, employees, and other third parties, and may result in claims against us. In addition, laws and regulations governing cybersecurity, data privacy, and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential or protected information pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, and failure to comply with these laws could result in penalties and legal liability. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations and we may be unable to meet our capital return framework goal of returning at least 50 of annual free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, which could decrease expected returns on an investment in our stock. 
 Our capital return framework includes a goal of returning at least 50 of annual free cash flow (cash flow from operations less capital expenditures plus proceeds from sales of property, plant, and equipment) to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Dividends and share repurchases are authorized and determined by our Board of Directors at its sole discretion and depend upon a number of factors, including our financial results, cash requirements, and future prospects, as well as such other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. We can provide no assurance that we will pay dividends or make share repurchases in accordance with our capital return framework goal or at all. Any elimination of, or downward revision in, our dividend payout or share repurchase program could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Meeting our capital return framework goal requires us to generate consistent free cash flow and have available capital in the years ahead in an amount sufficient to enable us to continue investing in organic and inorganic growth as well as to return a significant portion of the cash generated to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Also, our cash flow fluctuates over the course of the year, so, although our goal is to return at least 50 of annual free cash flow to shareholders, that is an average over a year and the dividends paid, the number of shares repurchased, and the amount of free cash flow returned in any quarter during the year will vary and may be more or less than 50 . We may not meet this goal if we use our available cash to satisfy other priorities, if we have insufficient funds available to pay dividends and to repurchase shares, or if our Board of Directors determines to change or discontinue dividend payments or share repurchases. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 17 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 We are subject to foreign currency exchange risks and limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries or to repatriate assets from some countries. 
 A sizable portion of our consolidated revenue and consolidated operating expenses is in foreign currencies. As a result, we are subject to significant risks, including: 
 - foreign currency exchange risks resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the implementation of exchange controls; and 
 - limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries. 
 
 As an example, we conduct business in countries that have restricted or limited trading markets for their local currencies and restrict or limit cash repatriation. We may accumulate cash in those geographies, but we may be limited in our ability to convert our profits into United States dollars or to repatriate the profits from those countries. 
 
 If we lose one or more of our significant customers or if our customers delay paying or fail to pay a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 We have a number of significant customers. While no single customer represented more than 10 of consolidated revenue in any period presented, the loss of one or more significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 In most cases, we bill our customers for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our customers delaying or failing to pay our invoices. We may experience increased delays and failures due to, among other reasons, a reduction in our customers cash flow from operations and their access to the credit markets, particularly in weak economic or commodity price environments. If our customers delay paying or fail to pay us a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 Our acquisitions, dispositions and investments may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 We continually seek opportunities to maximize efficiency and value through various transactions, including purchases or sales of assets, businesses, investments, or joint venture interests. These transactions are intended to (but may not) result in the realization of savings, the creation of efficiencies, the offering of new products or services, the generation of cash or income, or the reduction of risk. Acquisition transactions may use cash on hand or be financed by additional borrowings or by the issuance of our common stock. These transactions may also affect our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 These transactions also involve risks, and we cannot ensure that: 
 - any acquisitions we attempt will be completed on the terms announced, or at all; 
 - any acquisitions would result in an increase in income or provide an adequate return of capital or other anticipated benefits; 
 - any acquisitions would be successfully integrated into our operations and internal controls; 
 - the due diligence conducted prior to an acquisition would uncover situations that could result in financial or legal exposure, including under the FCPA, or that we will appropriately quantify the exposure from known risks; 
 - any disposition would not result in decreased earnings, revenue, or cash flow; 
 - use of cash for acquisitions would not adversely affect our cash available for capital expenditures and other uses; or 
 - any dispositions, investments, or acquisitions, including integration efforts, would not divert management resources. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(a) | Risk Factors 

 Actions of and disputes with our joint venture partners could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 We conduct some operations through joint ventures in which unaffiliated third parties may control the operations of the joint venture or we may share control. As with any joint venture arrangement, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions, the joint venture operating in a manner that is contrary to our preference, or in failures to agree on major issues. We also cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners, including any violation of law, nonperformance, or default by, or bankruptcy of our joint venture partners. These factors could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 The loss or unavailability of any of our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We depend greatly on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees to manage our operations. The loss or unavailability of any of our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 19 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1(b) | Unresolved Staff Comments 

 Item 1(b). Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 We own or lease numerous properties in domestic and foreign locations. Our principal properties include manufacturing facilities, research and development laboratories, technology centers, and corporate offices. We also have numerous small facilities that include sales, project, and support offices, and bulk storage facilities throughout the world. Our owned properties have no material encumbrances. We believe all properties that we currently occupy are suitable for their intended use. 
 
 The following locations represent our major facilities by segment: 
 Completion and Production: Arbroath, United Kingdom; Duncan, Oklahoma; Johor Bahru, Malaysia; Jubail, Saudi Arabia; Lafayette, Louisiana; and Singapore 
 Drilling and Evaluation: Alvarado, Texas and The Woodlands, Texas 
 Shared/corporate facilities: Bangalore, India; Carrollton, Texas; Dhahran, Saudi Arabia; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Houston, Texas (corporate executive offices); Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; London, England; Panama City, Panama; Pune, India; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and Tananger, Norway 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information related to Item 3. Legal Proceedings is included in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Our barite and bentonite mining operations, in support of our fluid services business, are subject to regulation by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in Exhibit 95 to this annual report. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 5 | Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Halliburton Company s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "HAL." Information related to dividend payments is included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data". The declaration and payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, future earnings, general financial condition and liquidity, success in business activities, capital requirements, and general business conditions. 
 
 The following graph and table compare total shareholder return on our common stock for the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, with the Philadelphia Oil Service Index (OSX) and the Standard Poor s 500 Index over the same period. This comparison assumes the investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of all dividends. The shareholder return set forth is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The following graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that Halliburton specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 
 December 31 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Halliburton 100.00 55.43 52.27 41.35 49.74 87.30 Philadelphia Oil Service Index (OSX) 100.00 54.78 54.48 31.56 38.10 61.53 Standard Poor s 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 5 | Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 At January 31, 2023, we had 10,161 shareholders of record. In calculating the number of shareholders, we consider clearing agencies and security position listings as one shareholder for each agency or listing. 
 
 The following table is a summary of repurchases of our common stock during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (b) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Program (b) October 1 - 31 346,900 35.74 337,500 5,087,863,791 November 1 - 30 4,044,166 37.31 4,015,334 4,938,012,529 December 1 - 31 2,575,854 36.29 2,431,781 4,850,008,094 Total 6,966,920 36.85 6,784,615 (a) Of the 6,966,920 shares purchased during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, 182,305 were acquired from employees in connection with the settlement of income tax and related benefit withholding obligations arising from vesting in restricted stock grants. These shares were not part of a publicly announced program to purchase common stock. 
 (b) Our Board of Directors has authorized a plan to repurchase a specified dollar amount of our common stock from time to time. Approximately 4.9 billion remained authorized for repurchases as of December 31, 2022. From the inception of this program in February 2006 through December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately 231 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of approximately 9.3 billion. 

Item 6. (Reserved) 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 22 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Executive Overview 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) should be read in conjunction with the consolidated and combined financial statements included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" contained herein. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Market conditions 
 Since early 2020, world-wide oil and gas supply and demand imbalances and related volatility of oil and natural gas prices (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) have resulted in dramatic fluctuations in oil and gas markets. The volatility continued in 2022 as markets were impacted by inflationary pressures, changes to OPEC+ production levels, supply chain shortages, demand uncertainty, and geopolitical conflicts including Russia's invasion of and continued war with Ukraine. The West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil price averaged approximately 88 per barrel during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 96 per barrel for the full year of 2022. The U.S. land average rig count continues to be below pre-pandemic levels, but showed i mprovement in each quarter of 2022 . The Brent crude oil price averaged 89 per barrel during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 101 per barrel for the full year of 2022. The international average rig count showed improvement in the second half of 2022 . 
 
 Globally, we are being impacted by supply chain shortages and increased lead times as the post-pandemic recovery stressed both the supply of raw materials and transportation logistics. We monitor market trends and work to mitigate cost impacts through economies of scale in global procurement, technology modifications, and efficient sourcing practices. Also, while we have been impacted by inflationary cost increases, primarily related to frac sand, chemicals, cement, and logistics costs, we generally try to pass much of those increases on to our customers and we believe we have effective solutions that work to minimize the operational impact. 
 
 As a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, governments in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and other countries enacted new sanctions against Russia and Russian interests. In order to comply with these sanctions, we ceased pursuing future business in Russia and began to wind down our remaining operations in Russia in March of 2022. During the second quarter of 2022, we made the decision to sell our Russian operations and completed the sale in the third quarter of 2022. We wrote down the disposal group to fair value less costs to sell, resulting in a pre-tax charge of 344 million during the second quarter of 2022. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Financial results 
 The following graph illustrates our revenue and operating margins for each operating segment over the past three years. 
 
 During 2022, we generated total company revenue of 20.3 billion, a 33 increase from the 15.3 billion of revenue generated in 2021, with our Completion and Production (C P) segment revenue increasing by 38 and our Drilling and Evaluation (D E) segment revenue increasing by 27 . We reported total company operating income of approximately 2.7 billion in 2022, compared to operating income of 1.8 billion in 2021. These increases were driven primarily by increased demand for our products and services in North America land tied to a substantial improvement in the North America average rig count during 2022. Both of our segments were negatively impacted by our exit from Russia in the third quarter of 2022. 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 23 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Executive Overview 

Our North America revenue increased 51 in 2022 compared to 2021, resulting from higher activity and pricing in North America land primarily associated with increased stimulation and well construction services. North America average rig count increased 47 for 2022 as compared to the average rig count for 2021. 
 
 Internationally, revenue improved 20 in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher activity for drilling and completions related services in Latin America and the Eastern Hemisphere, which were partly offset by our exit from Russia and lower activity in the North Sea. The international average rig count increased 13 for 2022 as compared to the average rig count for 2021. 
 
 Our operating performance and liquidity are described in more detail in Liquidity and Capital Resources and Business Environment and Results of Operations. 
 
 Sustainability and Energy Mix Transition 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we announced our target to achieve 40 reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2035 from the 2018 baseline. During 2022, we continued to execute on priorities we set to help us progress toward our 2035 emissions reduction target. As our customers have begun to invest more in reducing emissions and developing projects focused on sustainable energy, we have developed or are developing solutions intended to reduce our own carbon footprint while advancing our customers decarbonization efforts. As the energy mix transition unfolds, we will continue to seek to apply our expertise and products and services across different developing parts of the energy mix transition. We have also applied our experience and resources in sectors adjacent to our traditional oilfield services sectors, including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, and geothermal. Finally, we will continue to focus on accelerating the success of clean tech start-ups via Halliburton Labs. As of December 31, 2022, Halliburton Labs had 21 participating companies and alumni. Halliburton Labs allows us to participate in the energy mix transition at relatively low risk by investing our expertise, resources, and team without a significant outlay of capital. 
 
 Our sustainability efforts have been recognized as we were named to the 2022 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI), which recognizes the top 10 most sustainable companies per industry. The DJSI uses ESG criteria to measure and rank the performance of best-in-class companies selected for its list. When compared to our peers, we ranked in the 98th percentile and received high marks in the Human Capital Development, Risk Crisis Management, and Business Ethics categories. 
 
 Additionally, we published our 2021 Annual and Sustainability Report (ASR) in March of 2022, which details our strategy and progress on sustainability issues, as well as our efforts on increased environmental reporting transparency, including conducting a climate scenario analysis. Information on our website, including the ASR report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 24 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.3 billion of cash and equivalents, compared to 3.0 billion of cash and equivalents at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Significant sources and uses of cash in 2022 
 Sources of cash: 
 Cash flows from operating activities were 2.2 billion. This included a negative impact from the primary components of our working capital (receivables, inventories, and accounts payable) of a net 941 million, primarily associated with increased receivables and inventory. 
 Uses of cash: 
 Debt repayments were 1.2 billion. In February of 2022, we paid 641 million to redeem 600 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.8 senior notes due November 2025. The payment also included the make-whole premium and accrued interest. In September of 2022, we paid 603 million to redeem 600 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.5 senior notes due August 2023 at par. The payment also included accrued interest. 
 Capital expenditures were 1.0 billion. 
 We paid 435 million of dividends to our shareholders. 
 We repurchased 6.8 million shares for 250 million. 
 
 Future sources and uses of cash 
 We manufacture most of our own equipment, which provides us with some flexibility to increase or decrease our capital expenditures based on market conditions. Capital spending for 2023 is currently expected to be within our target of approximately 5-6 of revenue. We believe this level of spend will allow us to invest in our key strategic areas. However, we will continue to maintain capital discipline and monitor the rapidly changing market dynamics, and we may adjust our capital spend accordingly. 
 
 In 2023, we expect to pay approximately 897 million for contractual purchase obligations (with another 292 million due through 2025), 416 million of interest on debt, and approximately 333 million under our leasing arrangements. Payments for interest on our debt arrangements are expected to remain relatively flat for the foreseeable future. See Note 6 and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on expected future payments under our leasing arrangements and debt maturities. 
 
 We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of cash outflows associated with our uncertain tax positions, in part because we are unable to predict the timing of potential tax settlements with applicable taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 311 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding penalties and interest, of which we estimate 259 million may require us to make a cash payment. We estimate that approximately 232 million of the cash payment will not be settled within the next 12 months. 
 
 While we maintain our focus on liquidity and debt reduction, we are also focused on increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our Board approved a capital return framework with a goal of returning at least 50 of our annual free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
 
 In January of 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.16 per common share for the first quarter of 2023, or approximately 145 million. During 2022, our quarterly dividend rate was 0.12 per common share, or approximately 109 million per quarter. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized a program to repurchase our common stock from time to time. Approximately 4.9 billion remained authorized for repurchases as of December 31, 2022 and may be used for open market and other share purchases. 
 
 We do not intend to incur additional debt in 2023, as we believe our cash on hand and earnings from operations are sufficient to cover our obligations for the year. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Other factors affecting liquidity 
 Financial position in current market. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.3 billion of cash and equivalents and 3.5 billion of available committed bank credit under a revolving credit facility executed on April 27, 2022 with an expiration date of April 27, 2027. We believe we have a manageable debt maturity profile, with approximately 500 million coming due beginning in 2025 through 2027. Furthermore, we have no financial covenants or material adverse change provisions in our bank agreements, and our debt maturities extend over a long period of time. We believe our cash on hand, cash flows generated from operations, and our available credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to address the challenges and opportunities of the current market and our global cash needs, including capital expenditures, working capital investments, dividends, if any, debt repayment, and contingent liabilities. 
 
 Guarantee agreements. In the normal course of business, we have agreements with financial institutions under which approximately 2.1 billion letters of credit, bank guarantees, or surety bonds were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Some of the outstanding letters of credit have triggering events that would entitle a bank to require cash collateralization, however, none of these triggering events have occurred. As of December 31, 2022, we had no material off-balance sheet liabilities and were not required to make any material cash distributions to our unconsolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Credit ratings. Our credit ratings with Standard Poor s (S P) remain BBB+ for our long-term debt and A-2 for our short-term debt, with a stable outlook. Our credit ratings with Moody s Investors Service (Moody's) remain Baa1 for our long-term debt and P-2 for our short-term debt, with a stable outlook. 
 
 Customer receivables . In line with industry practice, we bill our customers for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our customers delaying or failing to pay our invoices. In weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays and failures to pay our invoices due to, among other reasons, a reduction in our customers cash flow from operations and their access to the credit markets, as well as unsettled political conditions. 
 
 Receivables from our primary customer in Mexico accounted for approximately 9 of our total receivables as of December 31, 2022. While we have experienced payment delays in Mexico, these amounts are not in dispute and we have not historically had, and we do not expect to have, any material write-offs due to collectability of receivables from this customer. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 26 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Business Environment and Results of Operations 

 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 We operate in more than 70 countries throughout the world to provide a comprehensive range of services and products to the energy industry. Our revenue is generated from the sale of services and products to major, national, and independent oil and natural gas companies worldwide. The industry we serve is highly competitive with many substantial competitors in each segment of our business. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, based on the location of services provided and products sold, 45 , 40 , and 38 , respectively, of our consolidated revenue was from the United States. No other country accounted for more than 10 of our revenue. 
 
 Activity within our business segments is significantly impacted by spending on upstream exploration, development, and production programs by our customers. Also impacting our activity is the status of the global economy, which impacts oil and natural gas consumption. 
 
 Some of the more significant determinants of current and future spending levels of our customers are oil and natural gas prices and our customers' expectations about future prices, global oil supply and demand, completions intensity, the world economy, the availability of capital, government regulation, and global stability, which together drive worldwide drilling and completions activity. Additionally, during 2023, we generally expect that many of our customers in North America will continue their strategy of operating within their cash flows and generating returns rather than prioritizing production growth. Lower oil and natural gas prices usually translate into lower exploration and production budgets and lower rig count, while the opposite is usually true for higher oil and natural gas prices. Our financial performance is therefore significantly affected by oil and natural gas prices and worldwide rig activity, which are summarized in the tables below. 
 
 The table below shows the average prices for WTI crude oil, United Kingdom Brent crude oil, and Henry Hub natural gas. 
 2022 2021 2020 Oil price - WTI (1) 
 96.04 67.99 39.23 Oil price - Brent (1) 
 100.78 70.68 41.76 Natural gas price - Henry Hub (2) 
 6.29 3.91 2.04 (1) Oil price measured in dollars per barrel. (2) Natural gas price measured in dollars per million British thermal units (Btu), or MMBtu. 
 
 The historical average rig counts based on the weekly Baker Hughes rig count data were as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 U.S. Land 708 465 418 U.S. Offshore 15 15 15 Canada 175 132 89 North America 898 612 522 International 851 755 825 Worldwide total 1,749 1,367 1,347 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Business Environment and Results of Operations 

 Business outlook 
 According to the United States Energy Information Administration (EIA) January 2023 "Short Term Energy Outlook," the EIA expects Brent crude oil spot prices to average 83 per barrel for the full year of 2023, a decrease of approximately 18 over the full year of 2022 average price per barrel. The EIA anticipates a further decline in prices to 78 per barrel for the full year of 2024 as they believe global oil inventories will build, applying downward pressure on crude oil prices. The EIA expects the WTI crude oil spot prices to average 77 per barrel for the full year of 2023, a decrease of approximately 19 over the full year of 2022 average price per barrel. 
 
 The EIA's report projects Henry Hub natural gas prices to average 4.90 per MMBtu for the full year of 2023, an approximate 24 decrease over 2022 full year averages. 
 
 The EIA reported crude oil production in the United States averaged 11.9 million barrels per day in 2022 and expects production to average 12.4 million barrels per day in 2023, an approximate 4 increase. In addition, the EIA expects crude oil production in the United States to rise to 12.8 million barrels per day in 2024. 
 
 The International Energy Agency's January 2023 "Oil Market Report" forecasts 2023 global oil demand to reach 101.7 million barrels per day, an increase of approximately 2 from 2022. 
 
 We continue to expect that oil and gas demand will grow over the next several years, despite the actions taken by central banks in an attempt to control inflation by increasing interest rates and the resulting concern about a potential economic slowdown. We believe the demand will be driven by economic expansion, energy security concerns, relaxed COVID restrictions in China, and population growth. In addition, we think supply dynamics have fundamentally changed due to investor return requirements, publicly stated environmental, social, and governance commitments, and regulatory pressure, all of which resulted in low inventory levels (compared to historical levels) and production below expectations. We believe many years of increased investment in existing and new sources of production is the only solution to increase supply and that production will be needed from conventional and unconventional, deep-water and shallow-water, and short and long-cycle projects. 
 
 Internationally, we expect activity to grow at least 14-16 during 2023 with most new activity coming from the Middle East and Latin America, both in onshore and offshore markets. In North America, we expect strong activity and anticipate customer spending to increase by at least 15 during 2023 as compared to 2022. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 28 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Results of Operations in 2022 Compared to 2021 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS IN 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 
 Favorable Percentage Millions of dollars 2022 2021 (Unfavorable) Change Revenue: By operating segment: Completion and Production 11,582 8,410 3,172 38 Drilling and Evaluation 8,715 6,885 1,830 27 Total revenue 20,297 15,295 5,002 33 By geographic region: North America 9,597 6,371 3,226 51 Latin America 3,197 2,362 835 35 Europe/Africa/CIS 2,691 2,719 (28) (1) Middle East/Asia 4,812 3,843 969 25 Total revenue 20,297 15,295 5,002 33 
 Operating income: By operating segment: Completion and Production 2,037 1,238 799 65 Drilling and Evaluation 1,292 801 491 61 Total operations 3,329 2,039 1,290 63 Corporate and other (256) (227) (29) (13) Impairments and other charges (366) (12) (354) n/m Total operating income 2,707 1,800 907 50 n/m = not meaningful 
 
 Operating Segments 
 
 Completion and Production 
 Completion and Production revenue was 11.6 billion in 2022, an increase of 3.2 billion, or 38 , compared to 2021. Operating income was 2.0 billion in 2022, a 65 increase from 1.2 billion in 2021. These results were primarily driven by higher utilization and pricing for pressure pumping services in the Western Hemisphere, additional completion tool sales in the Western Hemisphere and Saudi Arabia, increased artificial lift activity in North America land, and increased well intervention services in North America and the Eastern Hemisphere. Partially offsetting these increases were decreased activity in Russia due to our exit from the country, lower completion tool sales and cementing activity in Norway, and decreased stimulation activity in Oman. 
 
 Drilling and Evaluation 
 Drilling and Evaluation revenue was 8.7 billion in 2022, an increase of 1.8 billion, or 27 , from 2021. Operating income was 1.3 billion in 2022, an increase of 491 million, or 61 , compared to 2021. These results were primarily related to increased drilling-related services in the Western Hemisphere, Middle East/Asia, West Africa, Egypt, and Eastern Mediterranean, along with higher wireline activity and testing services globally. Project management activity increased in Latin America, India, and Saudi Arabia. Partially offsetting these increases were reduced activity in Russia due to our exit from the country and decreased drilling-related services in Norway. 
 
 Geographic Regions 
 
 North America 
 North America revenue was 9.6 billion in 2022, a 51 increase compared to 2021, resulting from higher activity and pricing across the region, primarily associated with pressure pumping activity, drilling-related services, and completion tool sales. Higher artificial lift activity in North America land, along with additional wireline activity and well intervention services in North America land and the Gulf of Mexico, also contributed to this increase. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 29 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Results of Operations in 2022 Compared to 2021 

 Latin America 
 Latin America revenue was 3.2 billion in 2022, a 35 increase compared to 2021, resulting primarily from improvements across multiple product service lines in Mexico, Argentina, and Colombia, increased project management activity and well construction services in Ecuador, higher completion tool sales in Brazil and the Caribbean, additional pressure pumping activity in Brazil, and improved project management activity in Suriname. Partly offsetting these increases were lower well intervention and drilling-related services in Brazil. 
 
 Europe/Africa/CIS 
 Europe/Africa/CIS revenue was 2.7 billion in 2022, a 1 decrease compared to 2021. The decrease was mostly driven by lower activity in Russia due to our exit from the country and reduced activity in Norway. This decline was partially offset by increases in multiple product service lines in Egypt, Angola, and Eastern Mediterranean, combined with higher drilling-related services in West Africa and increased well intervention services across the region. 
 
 Middle East/Asia 
 Middle East/Asia revenue was 4.8 billion in 2022, a 25 increase compared to 2021. The increase was primarily from improvements across multiple product service lines in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, India, and United Arab Emirates, higher well construction services in Oman, Indonesia, and Iraq, and additional completion tool sales and cementing activity in Qatar. Partially offsetting these increases were lower stimulation and well intervention services in Oman. 
 
 Other Operating Items 
 
 Impairments and other charges. During 2022, we recognized 366 million of charges, primarily related to a 344 million write down of all our net assets in Russia as a result of our decision to sell our Russia operations due to the sanctions enacted against Russia arising from the conflict in Ukraine. In the first quarter of 2022, we recognized a pre-tax charge of 22 million to write down all of our assets in Ukraine, including 16 million in receivables, due to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. During 2021, we recognized 12 million of net charges. These charges included 36 million of depreciation catch-up expense on our Pipeline and Process Services business assets previously classified as held for sale, 15 million of severance costs, and 35 million of other items, partially offset by a 74 million gain related to the closing of a structured transaction for our North America real estate assets. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on these charges. 
 
 Nonoperating Items 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 42 million loss on the early redemption of 600 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.8 senior notes due November 2025, which included premiums and unamortized expenses. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 Income tax (provision) benefit . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a total income tax provision of 515 million on pre-tax income of 2.1 billion, resulting in an effective tax rate of 24.4 . The effective tax rate for 2022 was primarily impacted by our geographic mix of earnings, tax adjustments related to the reassessment of prior year tax accruals, and changes of valuation allowance on some of our deferred tax assets. During 2021, we recorded a total income tax benefit of 216 million on pre-tax income of 1.3 billion, resulting in an effective tax rate of -17.2 . We recorded a tax benefit of approximately 500 million during 2021, primarily due to the partial release of a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. This release was based on improved market conditions and reflects our expectation to utilize these deferred tax assets. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for significant drivers of these tax (provisions) benefits. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 30 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Results of Operations in 2021 Compared to 2020 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS IN 2021 COMPARED TO 2020 
 
 Information related to the comparison of our operating results between the years 2021 and 2020 is included in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our 2021 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and is incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 31 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements requires the use of judgments and estimates. Our critical accounting policies are described below to provide a better understanding of how we develop our assumptions and judgments about future events and related estimates and how they can impact our financial statements. A critical accounting estimate is one that requires our most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments and assessments and is fundamental to our results of operations. We identified our most critical accounting estimates to be: 
 - forecasting our income tax (provision) benefit, including our future ability to utilize foreign tax credits and the realizability of deferred tax assets (including net operating loss carryforwards), and providing for uncertain tax positions; 
 - legal and investigation matters; 
 - valuations of long-lived assets, including intangible assets and goodwill; and 
 - allowance for credit losses. 
 
 We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable according to the current facts and circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We believe the following are the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, as well as the significant estimates and judgments affecting the application of these policies. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. 
 
 Income tax accounting 
 We recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and use an asset and liability approach in recognizing the amount of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We apply the following basic principles in accounting for our income taxes: 
 - a current tax liability or asset is recognized for the estimated taxes payable or refundable on tax returns for the current year; 
 - a deferred tax liability or asset is recognized for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; 
 - the measurement of current and deferred tax liabilities and assets is based on provisions of the enacted tax law, and the effects of potential future changes in tax laws or rates are not considered; and 
 - the value of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. 
 
 We determine deferred taxes separately for each tax-paying component (an entity or a group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. That determination includes the following procedures: 
 - identifying the types and amounts of existing temporary differences; 
 - measuring the total deferred tax liability for taxable temporary differences using the applicable tax rate; 
 - measuring the total deferred tax asset for deductible temporary differences and operating loss carryforwards using the applicable tax rate; 
 - measuring the deferred tax assets for each type of tax credit carryforward; and 
 - reducing the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Our methodology for recording income taxes requires a significant amount of judgment and the use of assumptions and estimates. Additionally, we use forecasts of certain tax elements, such as taxable income and foreign tax credit utilization, as well as evaluate the feasibility of implementing tax planning strategies. Given the inherent uncertainty involved with the use of such variables, there can be significant variation between anticipated and actual results that could have a material impact on our income tax accounts related to continuing operations. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 32 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 We have operations in more than 70 countries. Consequently, we are subject to the jurisdiction of a significant number of taxing authorities. The income earned in these various jurisdictions is taxed on differing bases, including net income actually earned, net income deemed earned, and revenue-based tax withholding. Our tax filings are routinely examined in the normal course of business by tax authorities. The final determination of our income tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws, tax treaties and related authorities in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved, the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. The final determination of tax audits or changes in the operating environment, including changes in tax law and currency/repatriation controls, could impact the determination of our income tax liabilities for a tax year and have an adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Tax filings of our subsidiaries, unconsolidated affiliates and related entities are routinely examined in the normal course of business by tax authorities. These examinations may result in assessments of additional taxes, which we work to resolve with the tax authorities and through the judicial process. Predicting the outcome of disputed assessments involves some uncertainty. Factors such as the availability of settlement procedures, willingness of tax authorities to negotiate, and the operation and impartiality of judicial systems vary across the different tax jurisdictions and may significantly influence the ultimate outcome. We review the facts for each assessment, and then utilize assumptions and estimates to determine the most likely outcome and provide taxes, interest, and penalties, as needed based on this outcome. We provide for uncertain tax positions pursuant to current accounting standards, which prescribe a minimum recognition threshold and measurement methodology that a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. The standards also provide guidance for derecognition classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 
 
 Legal and investigation matters 
 As discussed in Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements, we are subject to various legal and investigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued an estimate of the probable and estimable costs for the resolution of some of our legal and investigation matters, which is not material to our consolidated financial statements. For other matters for which the liability is not probable and reasonably estimable, we have not accrued any amounts. Attorneys in our legal department monitor and manage all claims filed against us and review all pending investigations. Generally, the estimate of probable costs related to these matters is developed in consultation with internal and outside legal counsel representing us. Our estimates are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. The accuracy of these estimates is impacted by, among other things, the complexity of the issues and the amount of due diligence we have been able to perform. We attempt to resolve these matters through settlements, mediation, and arbitration proceedings when possible. If the actual settlement costs, final judgments, or fines, after appeals, differ from our estimates, there may be a material adverse effect on our future financial results. We have in the past recorded significant adjustments to our initial estimates of these types of contingencies. 
 
 Value of long-lived assets, including intangible assets and goodwill 
 We carry a variety of long-lived assets on our balance sheet including property, plant, and equipment, goodwill, and other intangibles. Impairment is the condition that exists when the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value, and any impairment charge that we record reduces our operating income. Goodwill is the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We conduct impairment tests on goodwill annually, during the third quarter, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. We conduct impairment tests on long-lived assets, other than goodwill, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 
 When conducting an impairment test on long-lived assets, other than goodwill, we first group individual assets based on the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows from other assets. This requires some judgment. We then compare estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group to its carrying amount. If the undiscounted cash flows are less than the asset group s carrying amount, we then determine the asset group's fair value by using a discounted cash flow analysis. This analysis is based on estimates such as management s short-term and long-term forecast of operating performance, including revenue growth rates and expected profitability margins, estimates of the remaining useful life and service potential of the assets within the asset group, and a discount rate based on our weighted average cost of capital. An impairment loss is measured and recorded as the amount by which the asset group's carrying amount exceeds its fair value. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of impairments and other charges. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 33 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 We perform our goodwill impairment assessment for each reporting unit, which is the same as our reportable segments, the Completion and Production division and the Drilling and Evaluation division, comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to the reporting unit s carrying value, including goodwill. We estimate the fair value for each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow analysis based on management s short-term and long-term forecast of operating performance. This analysis includes significant assumptions regarding discount rates, revenue growth rates, expected profitability margins, forecasted capital expenditures, and the timing of expected future cash flows based on market conditions. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is measured and recorded. 
 
 The impairment assessments discussed above incorporate inherent uncertainties, including projected commodity pricing, supply and demand for our services, and future market conditions, which are difficult to predict in volatile economic environments and could result in impairment charges in future periods if actual results materially differ from the estimated assumptions utilized in our forecasts. If market conditions deteriorate, including crude oil prices significantly declining and remaining at low levels for a sustained period of time, we could be required to record additional impairments of the carrying value of our long-lived assets in the future which could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for our accounting policies related to long-lived assets. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 We evaluate our global accounts receivable through a continuous process of assessing our portfolio on an individual customer and overall basis. This process consists of a thorough review of historical collection experience, current aging status of the customer accounts, financial condition of our customers, and whether the receivables involve retainages. We also consider the economic environment of our customers, both from a marketplace and geographic perspective, in evaluating the need for an allowance. Based on our review of these factors, we establish or adjust allowances for specific customers. This process involves judgment and estimation, and frequently involves significant dollar amounts. Accordingly, our results of operations can be affected by adjustments to the allowance due to actual write-offs that differ from estimated amounts. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses totaled million, or 14.7 of notes and accounts receivable before the allowance. At December 31, 2021, our allowance for credit losses totaled million, or 17.8 of notes and accounts receivable before the allowance. The allowance for credit losses in both years is primarily comprised of accounts receivable from our primary customer in Venezuela. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in our estimate of the collectability of our notes and accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 would have resulted in a 50 million adjustment to 2022 total operating costs and expenses. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We selectively manage these exposures through the use of derivative instruments, including forward foreign exchange contracts, foreign exchange options, and interest rate swaps. The objective of our risk management strategy is to minimize the volatility from fluctuations in foreign currency and interest rates. We do not use derivative instruments for trading purposes. The counterparties to our forward contracts, options, and interest rate swaps are global commercial and investment banks. 
 
 We use a sensitivity analysis model to measure the impact of potential adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. With respect to foreign exchange sensitivity, after consideration of the impact from our forward foreign exchange contracts and options, a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the value of all our foreign currency positions relative to the United States dollar as of December 31, 2022 would result in a 90 million, pre-tax loss for our net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than United States dollars. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any interest rate swaps outstanding and our outstanding debt has fixed interest rates. 
 
 There are certain limitations inherent in the sensitivity analysis presented, primarily due to the assumption that exchange rates and interest rates change instantaneously in an equally adverse fashion. In addition, the analyses are unable to reflect the complex market reactions that normally would arise from the market shifts modeled. While this is our best estimate of the impact of the various scenarios, these estimates should not be viewed as forecasts. 
 
 For further information regarding foreign currency exchange risk, interest rate risk, and credit risk, see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Environmental Matters 

 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, legal, and regulatory requirements related to our operations worldwide. For information related to environmental matters, see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements and "Part I, Item 1(a). Risk Factors. 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor provisions for forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on projections and estimates, not historical information. Some statements in this Form 10-K are forward-looking and use words like may, may not, believe, do not believe, plan, estimate, intend, expect, do not expect, anticipate, do not anticipate, should, likely, and other expressions. We may also provide oral or written forward-looking information in other materials we release to the public. Forward-looking information involves risk and uncertainties and reflects our best judgment based on current information. Our results of operations can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. In addition, other factors may affect the accuracy of our forward-looking information. As a result, no forward-looking information can be guaranteed. Actual events and the results of our operations may vary materially. 
 
 We do not assume any responsibility to publicly update any of our forward-looking statements regardless of whether factors change as a result of new information, future events or for any other reason. You should review any additional disclosures we make in our press releases and Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filed with or furnished to the SEC. We also suggest that you listen to our quarterly earnings release conference calls with financial analysts. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 35 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7(a) | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Item 7(a). Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Information related to market risk is included in "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Instrument Market Risk and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 36 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. PAGE Financial Statements Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 38 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 43 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 46 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1. Description of Company and Significant Accounting Policies 
 47 
 Note 2. Impairments and Other Charges 
 50 
 Note 3. Business Segment and Geographic Information 
 50 
 Note 4. Revenue 
 52 
 Note 5. Receivables 
 53 
 Note 6. Leases 
 54 
 Note 7. Inventories 
 56 
 Note 8. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 56 
 Note 9. Debt 
 57 
 Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies 
 57 
 Note 11. Income Taxes 
 58 
 Note 12. Shareholders Equity 
 60 
 Note 13. Stock-based Compensation 
 61 
 Note 14. Income per Share 
 64 
 Note 15. Financial Instruments and Risk Management 
 64 
 Note 16. Retirement Plans 
 66 
 Note 17. New Accounting Pronouncements 
 68 

HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 37 

Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of Halliburton Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. The effectiveness of Halliburton s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included herein. 

HALLIBURTON COMPANY 
 
 by 

/s/ Jeffrey A. Miller /s/ Eric J. Carre Jeffrey A. Miller Eric J. Carre Chairman of the Board, President and Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 38 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Halliburton Company: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Halliburton Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of the Realizability of Deferred Tax Assets 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will not be realized, which is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had gross deferred tax assets of 3.7 billion and a related valuation allowance of 0.8 billion. 
 We identified the evaluation of the realizability of domestic deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of the realizability of domestic deferred tax assets, specifically related to foreign tax credits, required subjective auditor judgment to assess the forecasts of future taxable income over the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Changes in assumptions regarding forecasted taxable income, specifically revenue growth rates, could have an impact on the Company s evaluation of the realizability of the domestic deferred tax assets. 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 39 

Table of Contents 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the critical audit matter. This included controls related to the development of forecasts of future taxable income. We evaluated the assumptions used in the development of forecasts of future taxable income, specifically revenue growth rates, by comparing to historical actuals while considering current and anticipated future commodity prices or market events. We also evaluated the Company s history of realizing domestic deferred tax assets by evaluating the expiration of foreign tax credits. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 7, 2023 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 40 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Halliburton Company: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Halliburton Company and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 7, 2023 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 41 

Table of Contents 

HALLIBURTON COMPANY Consolidated Statements of Operations Year Ended December 31 Millions of dollars and shares except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Services Product sales Total revenue Operating costs and expenses: Cost of services Cost of sales Impairments and other charges General and administrative Total operating costs and expenses Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net of interest income of , , and 
 ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to company ) Basic net income per share ) Diluted net income per share ) Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 42 

Table of Contents 

HALLIBURTON COMPANY Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Year Ended December 31 Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: Defined benefit and other post retirement plans adjustment ) ) Other Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to company shareholders ) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 43 

Table of Contents 

HALLIBURTON COMPANY Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31 Millions of dollars and shares except per share data 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and equivalents Receivables (net of allowances for credit losses of and 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Goodwill Deferred income taxes Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued employee compensation and benefits Taxes other than income Income Taxes Payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Employee compensation and benefits Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock, par value per share (authorized shares, issued and shares) 
 Paid-in capital in excess of par value Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares) 
 ) ) Company shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 44 

Table of Contents 

HALLIBURTON COMPANY Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31 Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Impairments and other charges Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Cash impact of impairments and other charges - severance payments ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) Accounts payable ) Inventories ) ) Other operating activities ) ) Total cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant, and equipment Proceeds from a structured real estate transaction Other investing activities ) ) ) Total cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on long-term borrowings ) ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Stock repurchase program ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net Other financing activities ) ) ) Total cash flows used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) ) Increase/(decrease) in cash and equivalents ) Cash and equivalents at beginning of year Cash and equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash payments during the period for: Interest Income taxes See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 45 

Table of Contents 

HALLIBURTON COMPANY Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity Company Shareholders Equity Millions of dollars Common Stock Paid-in Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interest in Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock plans ) ) ) Stock repurchase program ) ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock plans ) ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock plans ) ) Stock repurchase program ) ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 46 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 HALLIBURTON COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. 
 divisions, which form the basis for the operating segments we report, the Completion and Production segment and the Drilling and Evaluation segment. 

See Note 4 for further information on revenue recognition. 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 or less to be cash equivalents. 

HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 47 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Current year acquisitions Other Balance at December 31, 2021: Current year acquisitions Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022: 
 
 The reported amounts of goodwill for each reporting unit are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis, during the third quarter, and more frequently when circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. As a result of our goodwill impairment assessments performed in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we determined that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its net book value and, therefore, goodwill impairments were deemed necessary. 
 
 to . The components of these other intangible assets generally consist of patents, license agreements, non-compete agreements, trademarks, and customer lists and contracts. 

See Note 2 for further information on impairments and other charges. 

HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 48 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 13 for additional information related to stock-based compensation. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 49 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 2. 
 Long-lived asset impairments Inventory costs and write-downs Catch-up depreciation Severance costs Gain on real estate transaction ) Other ) Total impairments and other charges 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and resulting sanctions imposed on Russia, we made the decision to sell our Russian operations and completed the sale in the third quarter of 2022. We wrote down the disposal group to fair value less costs to sell, which resulted in a pre-tax charge of million. Of this pre-tax charge, approximately million was attributable to our Completion and Production segment, approximately million was attributable to our Drilling and Evaluation segment, and million was selling costs and was attributable to Corporate and other. We no longer conduct operations in Russia. Additionally, during the first quarter of 2022, we recorded a pre-tax charge of million primarily related to the write down of all our assets in Ukraine. Included in this charge is a million allowance for credit loss as we do not expect to collect our receivables in Ukraine. Long-lived asset impairments include impairments of property, plant, and equipment. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, million of impairments and other charges was recorded due to the decision to discontinue the proposed sale of our Pipeline and Process Services business and as a result we recorded a million charge for accumulated unrecognized depreciation and amortization expense during the period the associated assets were classified as held for sale. Additionally, we finalized a structured transaction relating to most of our owned United States real estate. As a result of the transaction, we derecognized million of assets previously held for sale included in Other current assets and recognized an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary of million included in Other Assets, which resulted in a gain of million, due to specific assets with a carrying amount less than the fair value. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the billion of long-lived asset impairments consisted of the following: billion attributable to hydraulic fracturing equipment, the majority of which was located in North America; million related to drilling-related services equipment; million related to right-of-use assets, primarily operating leases; million related to intangible assets; and million associated with other fixed asset impairments. Also included in "Long-lived asset impairments" was million for a fair value adjustment on real estate properties held for sale, primarily related to a contemplated structured transaction for our North America real estate assets due to specific assets with a fair value less than the carrying amount. Inventory costs and write-downs for 2020 in the table above primarily represent disposal of excess inventory, including drilling fluids and other chemicals, and write-downs in which some of our inventory cost exceeded its market value. 

Note 3. 
 divisions, which form the basis for the operating segments we report: the Completion and Production segment and the Drilling and Evaluation segment. Our equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates that are accounted for using the equity method of accounting are included within cost of services and cost of sales on our statements of operations, which is part of operating income of the applicable segment. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 50 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Drilling and Evaluation Total revenue Operating income: Completion and Production Drilling and Evaluation Total operations Corporate and other (a) ) ) ) Impairments and other charges (b) ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net of interest income ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Capital expenditures: Completion and Production Drilling and Evaluation Corporate and other Total capital expenditures Depreciation, depletion, and amortization: Completion and Production Drilling and Evaluation Corporate and other Total depreciation, depletion, and amortization (a) (b) million attributable to Completion and Production, million attributable to Drilling and Evaluation, and a million attributable to Corporate and other. 
 -For the year ended December 31, 2021, amount includes approximately million attributable to Completion and Production, million attributable to Drilling and Evaluation, and a million net gain attributable to Corporate and other. 
 -For the year ended December 31, 2020, amount includes approximately billion attributable to Completion and Production, billion attributable to Drilling and Evaluation, and million attributable to Corporate and other. 

HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 51 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Drilling and Evaluation (a) Corporate and other (b) Total assets (a) 
 (b) 

Operations by geographic region 
 The following tables present information by geographic area. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, based on the location of services provided and products sold, , , and , respectively, of our consolidated revenue was from the United States. No other country accounted for more than 10 of our revenue or property, plant, and equipment during the periods presented. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively, of our property, plant, and equipment was located in the United States. 
 Latin America Europe/Africa/CIS Middle East/Asia Total revenue 
 December 31 Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Net property, plant, and equipment: North America Latin America Europe/Africa/CIS Middle East/Asia Total net property, plant, and equipment 

Note 4. 
 to days. Other judgments involved in recognizing revenue include an assessment of progress towards completion of performance obligations for certain long-term contracts, which involve estimating total costs to determine our progress towards contract completion, and calculating the corresponding amount of revenue to recognize. 
 
 Disaggregation of revenue 
 We disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers into types of services or products, consistent with our reportable segments, in addition to geographical area. Based on the location of services provided and products sold, , , and of our consolidated revenue was from the United States for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. No other country accounted for more than 10 of our revenue. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 52 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Drilling and Evaluation Total revenue Revenue by geographic region: North America Latin America Europe/Africa/CIS Middle East/Asia Total revenue 
 
 Contract balances 
 We perform our obligations under contracts with our customers by transferring services and products in exchange for consideration. The timing of our performance often differs from the timing of our customer s payment, which results in the recognition of receivables and deferred revenue. Deferred revenue represents advance consideration received from customers for contracts where revenue is recognized on future performance of service. Deferred revenue, as well as revenue recognized during the period relating to amounts included as deferred revenue at the beginning of the period, was not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent firm contracts for which work has not been performed and future revenue recognition is expected. We have elected the practical expedient permitting the exclusion of disclosing remaining performance obligations for contracts that have an original expected duration of or less. We have some long-term contracts related to software and integrated project management services such as lump sum turnkey contracts. For software contracts, revenue is generally recognized over time throughout the license period when the software is considered to be a right to access our intellectual property. For lump sum turnkey projects, we recognize revenue over time using an input method, which requires us to exercise judgment. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations for these long-term contracts is not material. 

Note 5. 
 of our net trade receivables were from customers in the United States and were from customers in Mexico. As of December 31, 2021, of our net trade receivables were from customers in the United States and were from customers in Mexico. Receivables from our primary customer in Mexico accounted for approximately and of our total receivables as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. While we have experienced payment delays in Mexico, these amounts are not in dispute and we have not historically had, and we do not expect, any material write-offs due to collectability from this customer. other country or single customer accounted for more than of our receivables at those dates. 
 
 Although the market environment has been improving, we continue to have risk of delayed customer payments and payment defaults associated with customer liquidity issues. We routinely monitor the financial stability of our customers and employ an extensive process to evaluate the collectability of outstanding receivables. This process, which involves judgment and estimates, includes analysis of our customers historical time to pay, financial condition and various financial metrics, debt structure, credit ratings, and production profile, as well as political and economic factors in countries of operations and other customer-specific factors. 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 53 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2022 ) (a) (b) (c) 

Note 6. 
 years or less, some of which include options to extend the leases, and some of which include options to terminate the leases. We generally do not include renewal or termination options in our assessment of the leases unless extension or termination for certain assets is deemed to be reasonably certain. The accounting for some of our leases may require judgment, which includes determining whether a contract contains a lease, determining the incremental borrowing rates to utilize in our net present value calculation of lease payments for lease agreements which do not provide an implicit rate, and assessing the likelihood of renewal or termination options. We also have some lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for as a single lease component. For certain equipment leases, such as offshore vessels and drilling rigs, we account for the lease and non-lease components separately. 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 54 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Current portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities (non-current) Finance leases: Other assets (non-current) Other current liabilities Other liabilities (non-current) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed a structured transaction relating to most of our owned United States real estate, which resulted in an increase of our operating right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities of million. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the structured transaction. 
 Year Ended December 31 Millions of dollars except years and percentages 2022 2021 2020 Other supplemental information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average remaining lease term: Operating leases years years years Finance leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease payments, net of imputed interest 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 55 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 7. 
 Raw materials and supplies Work in process Total inventories 
 
 All amounts in the table above are reported net of obsolescence reserves of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million of impairment charges related to inventory. These charges were primarily attributable to our exit from Russia. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on impairments and other charges. 

Note 8. 
 Buildings and property improvements Machinery, equipment, and other Total Less accumulated depreciation Net property, plant, and equipment 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million of impairment charges on property, plant, and equipment primarily related to our exit from Russia. During the year ended December 31, 2021, impairment charges were recorded on property, plant, and equipment. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on impairments and other charges. 
 
 11 - 20 years 21 - 30 years 31 - 40 years 
 Machinery, Equipment, and Other 2022 2021 1 - 5 years 6 - 10 years 11 - 20 years 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 56 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 9. Debt 
 4.85 senior notes due November 2035 7.45 senior notes due September 2039 2.92 senior notes due March 2030 4.75 senior notes due August 2043 6.7 senior notes due September 2038 3.5 senior notes due August 2023 4.5 senior notes due November 2041 3.8 senior notes due November 2025 7.6 senior debentures due August 2096 6.75 notes due February 2027 Other Unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts ) ) Total Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt ) Total long-term debt 
 
 Senior debt 
 Our notes due February 2027 and senior debentures due August 2096 . 
 
 3.8 senior notes due November 2025 redemption 
 In February of 2022, we redeemed million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due in November 2025. The early redemption of the notes resulted in a loss of million, consisting of premiums and unamortized expenses. The loss is included in "Loss on early extinguishment of debt" in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. We used cash on hand to fund the aggregate redemption price of the notes in the amount of million, which included the principal amount, the make-whole premium, and accrued interest. The remaining million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes remains outstanding. 
 
 3.5 senior notes due August 2023 redemption 
 In September of 2022, we redeemed the entire million outstanding principal amount of our senior notes due August 2023 at par. We used cash on hand to fund the redemption amount of million, which included the principal amount and accrued interest. 
 
 Revolving credit facilities 
 On April 27, 2022, we entered into a billion five-year revolving credit facility which replaced our billion revolving credit facility established in March of 2019. The revolving credit facility is for general working capital purposes and expires on April 27, 2027. The full amount of the revolving credit facility was available as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Debt maturities 
 Our long-term debt matures as follows: amounts in 2023 or 2024, million in 2025, amounts in 2026, million in 2027, and the remainder thereafter. 

Note 10. 

HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 57 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion of letters of credit, bank guarantees, or surety bonds were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Some of the outstanding letters of credit have triggering events that would entitle a bank to require cash collateralization. None of these off balance sheet arrangements either has, or is likely to have, a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Note 11.) Foreign ) ) ) State ) ) Total current ) ) ) Deferred income taxes: Federal ) Foreign ) State ) Total deferred ) Income tax (provision) benefit ) 
 
 ) Foreign ) Total income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) 
 
 Valuation allowance against tax assets ) ) Impact of foreign income taxed at different rates ) State income taxes Impact of impairments and other charges ) Adjustments of prior year taxes Other items, net ) Total effective tax rate on continuing operations ) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a total income tax provision of million on pre-tax income of billion, resulting in an effective tax rate of . The effective tax rate for 2022 was primarily impacted by our geographic mix of earnings, tax adjustments related to the reassessment of prior year tax accruals, and changes of valuation allowance on some of our deferred tax assets. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 58 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million on pre-tax income of billion, resulting in an effective tax rate of - . The effective tax rate for 2021 was primarily impacted by our geographic mix of earnings, tax adjustments related to the reassessment of prior year tax accruals, and valuation allowances on some of our deferred tax assets. The decrease in our valuation allowances results from increased future years forecasted taxable income before the expiration of foreign tax credits and net operating losses as a direct result of improved energy market conditions that led to the release of approximately million valuation allowance on foreign tax credits. 
 
 Intangible assets Net operating loss carryforwards Accrued liabilities Research and development tax credit carryforwards Employee compensation and benefits Other Total gross deferred tax assets Gross deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets Depreciation and amortization Other Total gross deferred tax liabilities Valuation allowances Net deferred income tax asset 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we decreased our valuation allowance on deferred tax assets by million attributable to a million decrease associated with foreign deferred tax assets and a million increase primarily associated with foreign tax credits. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had million of domestic and foreign tax-effected net operating loss carryforwards, with approximately million estimated to be utilized against our unrecognized tax benefits. In addition, we had approximately billion of foreign tax credits carryforwards, the majority of which will begin expiring in tax years after 2024. The ultimate realization of these deferred tax assets depends on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the appropriate taxing jurisdiction. 
 2028-2032 2033-2042 Non-Expiring 
 
 We have not provided incremental United States income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on undistributed foreign subsidiaries' earnings after December 31, 2017. We generally do not provide for taxes related to undistributed earnings because such earnings either would not be taxable when remitted or they are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 59 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Change in prior year tax positions ) Change in current year tax positions Cash settlements with taxing authorities ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Change in prior year tax positions Change in current year tax positions Cash settlements with taxing authorities ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (a) Change in prior year tax positions ) ) Change in current year tax positions Cash settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (a)(b) (a) million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021 in foreign unrecognized tax benefits that would give rise to a United States tax credit. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, a net million and million without a net operating loss carryforward offset, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits would positively impact the effective tax rate and be recognized as additional tax benefits in our statement of operations if resolved in our favor. 
 (b) Includes million that could be resolved within the next 12 months. 

Our tax returns are subject to review by the taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where we file tax returns. In most cases we are no longer subject to examination by tax authorities for years before 2010. The only significant operating jurisdiction that has tax filings under review or subject to examination by the tax authorities is the United States. The United States federal income tax filings for tax years 2016 through 2021 are currently under review or remain open for review by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

Note 12. 
 In treasury ) ) Total shares of common stock outstanding 
 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized a program to repurchase a specified dollar amount of our common stock from time to time. The program does not require a specific number of shares to be purchased and the program may be effected through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the market or in privately negotiated transactions. The program may be terminated or suspended at any time. We purchased million shares of our common stock under the program during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were repurchases made under the program during the year ended December 31, 2021. Approximately billion remained authorized for repurchases as of December 31, 2022. From the inception of this program in February 2006 through December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately million shares of our common stock for a total cost of approximately billion. 
 
 Paid-in Capital in Excess of Par Value 
 During 2022 and 2021, we issued common stock from treasury shares under our employee stock purchase plan awards and for restricted stock grants. As a result, additional paid in capital would have resulted in a balance below zero. Therefore, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reduced retained earnings by million and million, respectively. Additional issuances from treasury shares could similarly impact additional paid in capital and retained earnings. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 60 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 total authorized shares at December 31, 2022, of which are issued. 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss) ) Defined benefit and other postretirement liability adjustments (a) ) ) Other ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) (a) million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

Note 13. 
 Tax benefit ) ) ) Stock-based compensation cost, net of tax 
 
 Our Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended (Stock Plan), provides for the grant of any or all of the following types of stock-based awards: 
 - stock options, including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options; 
 - restricted stock awards; 
 - restricted stock unit awards; 
 - stock appreciation rights; and 
 - stock value equivalent awards. 
 
 There are currently no stock appreciation rights, stock value equivalent awards, or incentive stock options outstanding. Under the terms of the Stock Plan, approximately million shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance to employees and non-employee directors. At December 31, 2022, approximately million shares were available for future grants under the Stock Plan. The stock to be offered pursuant to the grant of an award under the Stock Plan may be authorized but unissued common shares or treasury shares. 
 
 In addition to the provisions of the Stock Plan, we also have stock-based compensation provisions under the Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). 
 
 Each of the active stock-based compensation arrangements is discussed below. 
 
 Stock options 
 There were no stock options granted during 2022 and there are no plans to grant stock options in 2023. All stock options under the Stock Plan were granted at the fair market value of our common stock at the grant date. Employee stock options generally vest ratably over a period of and expire years from the grant date. Compensation expense for stock options is generally recognized on a straight line basis over the entire vesting period. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 61 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Exercised ) Forfeited/expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested stock options. 
 
 Cash received from issuance of common stock was million of which million related to proceeds from exercises of stock options during 2022. Cash received from issuance of common stock was million during 2021 and million during 2020, of which million related to proceeds from exercises of stock options in 2021. All other cash received from issuance of common stock during 2022, 2021 and 2020 relates to cash proceeds from the issuance of shares under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 The fair value of options at the date of grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected volatility of options granted was a blended rate based upon implied volatility calculated on actively traded options on our common stock and upon the historical volatility of our common stock. The expected term of options granted was based upon historical observation of actual time elapsed between date of grant and exercise of options for all employees. 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 2.92 - 3.23 Risk-free interest rate 1.43 - 1.69 Weighted average grant-date fair value of option There were no stock options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Restricted stock 
 Restricted shares issued under the Stock Plan are restricted as to sale or disposition. These restrictions generally lapse periodically over a period of . Restrictions may also lapse for early retirement and other conditions in accordance with our established policies. Upon termination of employment, shares on which restrictions have not lapsed must be returned to us, resulting in restricted stock forfeitures. The fair market value of the stock on the date of grant is amortized and charged to income on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. 
 
 In 2022, we also granted performance based restricted stock units, with the actual number of shares earned to be determined at the end of a three year performance period based on our achievement of certain predefined targets. These targets are based upon our average return on capital employed as compared to certain competitors and a modifier based upon stock performance compared to the Oilfield Services Index (OSX). A Monte Carlo simulation that uses a probabilistic approach was performed by an actuary to measure grant date fair value. The fair value of these performance based restricted stock units is recognized on a straight-line basis over the three year performance cycle. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested shares at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value of shares granted was during 2022, during 2021, and during 2020. The total fair value of shares vested was million during 2022, million during 2021, and million during 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of . 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under the ESPP, eligible employees may have up to of their earnings withheld, subject to some limitations, to be used to purchase shares of our common stock. The ESPP contains three-month offering periods commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1, and October 1 of each year. The price at which common stock may be purchased under the ESPP in 2020, 2021, and 2022 is equal to of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date or last trading day of each offering period. Under the ESPP, million shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance, of which million shares have been sold through the ESPP since the inception of the plan through December 31, 2022 and million shares are available for future issuance. The stock to be offered may be authorized but unissued common shares or treasury shares. 
 
 The fair value of ESPP shares was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected volatility was a one-year historical volatility of our common stock. 
 Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Weighted average grant-date fair value per share 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 63 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 14. 
 Dilutive effect of awards granted under our stock incentive plans Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Antidilutive shares: Options with exercise price greater than the average market price Options which are antidilutive due to net loss position Total antidilutive shares 

Note 15. 

The total fair value of our debt decreased during 2022 as a result of the early redemption of senior notes and higher debt yields. The carrying value of our debt decreased as a result of the early redemption of senior notes. See Note 9 for further information. 
 
 Our debt categorized within level 1 on the fair value hierarchy is calculated using quoted prices in active markets for identical liabilities with transactions occurring on the last of period-end. Our debt categorized within level 2 on the fair value hierarchy is calculated using significant observable inputs for similar liabilities where estimated values are determined from observable data points on our other bonds and on other similarly rated corporate debt or from observable data points of transactions occurring prior to from period-end and adjusting for changes in market conditions. Differences between the periods presented in our level 1 and level 2 classification of our long-term debt relate to the timing of when third party market transactions on our debt are executed. We have debt categorized within level 3 on the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We selectively manage these exposures through the use of derivative instruments, including forward foreign exchange contracts, foreign exchange options and interest rate swaps. The objective of our risk management strategy is to minimize the volatility from fluctuations in foreign currency and interest rates. We do not use derivative instruments for trading purposes. The fair value of our forward contracts, options, and interest rate swaps was not material as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The counterparties to our derivatives are primarily global commercial and investment banks. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 64 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 or less, and are not exchange traded. While these instruments are subject to fluctuations in value, the fluctuations are generally offset by the value of the underlying exposures being managed. The use of some of these instruments may limit our ability to benefit from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Derivatives are not utilized to manage exposures in some currencies due primarily to the lack of available markets, cost considerations, or immaterial exposures (non-hedged currencies). We attempt to minimize foreign currency exposure in non-hedged currencies and recognize that pricing for the services and products offered in these countries should account for the cost of exchange rate devaluations. 
 
 The notional amounts of open foreign exchange derivatives were million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The notional amounts of these instruments do not generally represent amounts exchanged by the parties, and thus are not a measure of our exposure or of the cash requirements related to these contracts. The fair value of our foreign exchange derivatives as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is included in both Other current assets and in "Other current liabilities" in our consolidated balance sheets and was immaterial. The fair value of these instruments is categorized within level 2 on the fair value hierarchy and was determined using a market approach with certain inputs, such as notional amounts hedged, exchange rates, and other terms of the contracts that are observable in the market or can be derived from or corroborated by observable data. 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 We are subject to interest rate risk on our debt and investment portfolios. We had fixed rate long-term debt totaling billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. We maintain an interest rate management strategy that is intended to mitigate the exposure to changes in interest rates. 
 
 Credit risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash equivalents and net trade receivables. It is our practice to place our cash equivalents in high quality investments with various institutions. Our net trade receivables are from a broad and diverse group of customers and are generally not collateralized. As of December 31, 2022, of our net trade receivables were from customers in the United States and were from customers in Mexico. As of December 31, 2021, of our net trade receivables were from customers in the United States and were from customers in Mexico. We maintain an allowance for credit losses based upon several factors, including historical collection experience, current aging status of the customer accounts and financial condition of our customers. See Note 5 for further information. 
 
 We do not have any significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual counterparty to our derivative contracts. We select counterparties to those contracts based on our belief that each counterparty s profitability, balance sheet, and capacity for timely payment of financial commitments is unlikely to be materially adversely affected by foreseeable events. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 65 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 16. 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The increase in expense from 2021 to 2022 was due to headcount increase for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 - our defined benefit plans, which include both overfunded and underfunded pension plans, define an amount of pension benefit to be provided, usually as a function of age, years of service and/or compensation. The underfunded obligations and net periodic benefit cost of our United States defined benefit plans were not material for the periods presented; and 
 - our postretirement plans other than pensions are offered to specific eligible employees. The accumulated benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost for these plans were not material for the periods presented. 
 
 Funded status 
 For our international pension plans, at December 31, 2022, the projected benefit obligation was million and the fair value of plan assets was million, which resulted in an underfunded obligation of million. At December 31, 2021, the projected benefit obligation was billion and the fair value of plan assets was billion, which resulted in an overfunded obligation of million. The accumulated benefit obligation for our international plans was million at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease in projected benefit obligation and accumulated benefit obligation from 2021 to 2022 was due to assumptions change, mainly an increase in discount rate. 
 
 Accrued employee compensation and benefits Employee compensation and benefits Pension plans in which projected benefit obligation exceeded plan assets 
 Projected benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Pension plans in which accumulated benefit obligation exceeded plan assets 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Fair value measurements of plan assets 
 The fair value of our plan assets categorized within level 1 on the fair value hierarchy is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The fair value of our plan assets categorized within level 2 on the fair value hierarchy is based on significant observable inputs for similar assets. The fair value of our plan assets categorized within level 3 on the fair value hierarchy is based on significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 66 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Bond funds (c) Alternatives funds (d) Real estate funds (e) Other investments (f) Fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2022 Cash and equivalents Equity funds (b) Bond funds (c) Alternatives funds (d) Real estate funds (e) Other investments (f) Fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2021 (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) 
 
 Risk management practices for these plans include diversification by issuer, industry, and geography, as well as the use of multiple asset classes and investment managers within each asset class. Our investment strategy for our United Kingdom pension plan, which constituted of our international pension plans projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 and is no longer accruing service benefits, aims to achieve full funding of the benefit obligation, with the plan's assets increasingly composed of investments whose cash flows match the projected liabilities of the plan. 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost 
 Net periodic benefit cost for our international pension plans was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 Actuarial assumptions 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 Certain weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost of our international pension plans for the years ended December 31 were as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 67 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million to our international pension plans in 2023. 
 
 Benefit payments. Expected benefit payments over the next years for our international pension plans are as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and an aggregate million in years 2028 through 2032. 

Note 17. New Accounting Pronouncements 
 In September 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2022-04, "Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations", which is intended to enhance the transparency surrounding the use of supplier finance programs. Supplier finance programs may also be referred to as reverse factoring, payables finance, or structured payables arrangements. The amendments require a buyer that uses supplier finance programs to make annual disclosures about the program s key terms, the balance sheet presentation of related amounts, the confirmed amount outstanding at the end of the period, and associated rollforward information. Only the amount outstanding at the end of the period must be disclosed in interim periods. We expect to adopt the new disclosures, other than the rollforward disclosure, as required at the beginning of fiscal 2023. The rollforward disclosures will be adopted as required at the beginning of 2024. The adoption of this guidance will result in additional disclosures relating to our supplier financing programs and related obligations. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 68 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9 | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9(a). Controls and Procedures. 
 In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 See page 38 for Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and page 39 for Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9(b). Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9(c). Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 69 

Table of Contents 
 Item 10 | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required for the directors of the Registrant is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the captions Election of Directors and Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. The information required for the directors and executive officers of the Registrant is included under Part I on pages 8 and 9 of this annual report. The information required for a delinquent form required under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, to the extent any disclosure is required. The information for our code of ethics is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption Corporate Governance. The information regarding our Audit Committee and the independence of its members, along with information about the audit committee financial expert(s) serving on the Audit Committee, is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption The Board of Directors and Standing Committees of Directors. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 This information is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Summary Compensation Table, Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2022, Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 2022, 2022 Option Exercises and Stock Vested, 2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation, Employment Contracts and Change-in-Control Arrangements, Post-Termination or Change-in-Control Payments, Equity Compensation Plan Information, Directors Compensation, and Pay Versus Performance. 
 
 Item 12(a). Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. 
 This information is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 
 Item 12(b). Security Ownership of Management. 
 This information is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 
 Item 12(c). Changes in Control. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 12(d). Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 This information is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 This information is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption Corporate Governance to the extent any disclosure is required, and under the caption The Board of Directors and Standing Committees of Directors. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 This information is incorporated by reference to the Halliburton Company Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (File No. 001-03492) under the caption Fees Paid to KPMG LLP. Our independent registered public accounting firm is , PCAOB ID: . 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 70 

Table of Contents 
 Item 15 | Exhibits 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits. 
 1. Financial Statements: The reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the financial statements of Halliburton Company are included within Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: The schedules listed in Rule 5-04 of Regulation S-X (17 CFR 210.5-04) have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibits 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Halliburton Company filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on May 30, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed June 5, 2006, File No. 001-03492). 
 3.2 By-laws of Halliburton Company revised effective December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed December 12, 2022, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.1 Second Senior Indenture dated as of December 1, 1996 between the Predecessor and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association), as Trustee, as supplemented and amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 1996 between the Predecessor and the Trustee and the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 1996 among the Predecessor, Halliburton and the Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Halliburton s Registration Statement on Form 8-B dated December 12, 1996, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.2 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 1997 between Halliburton and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association), as Trustee, to the Second Senior Indenture dated as of December 1, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.3 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 29, 1998 between Halliburton and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association), as Trustee, to the Second Senior Indenture dated as of December 1, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.4 Resolutions of Halliburton s Board of Directors adopted by unanimous consent dated December 5, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(g) of Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.5 Form of debt security of 6.75 Notes due February 1, 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Halliburton s Form 8-K dated as of February 11, 1997, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.6 Copies of instruments that define the rights of holders of miscellaneous long-term notes of Halliburton Company and its subsidiaries have not been filed with the Commission. Halliburton Company agrees to furnish copies of these instruments upon request. 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 71 

Table of Contents 
 Item 15 | Exhibits 

 4.7 Form of Indenture dated as of April 18, 1996 between Dresser and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to Dresser s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A filed on April 19, 1996, Registration No. 333-01303), as supplemented and amended by Form of First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 6, 1996 between Dresser and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association), Trustee, for 7.60 Debentures due 2096 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dresser s Form 8-K filed on August 9, 1996, File No. 1-4003). 
 4.8 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 27, 2003 between DII Industries, LLC and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank), as Trustee, to the Indenture dated as of April 18, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.9 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2003 among DII Industries, LLC, Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank), as Trustee, to the Indenture dated as of April 18, 1996, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.10 Indenture dated as of October 17, 2003 between Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Halliburton s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.11 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 15, 2003 between Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank), as Trustee, to the Senior Indenture dated as of October 17, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.12 Form of note of 7.6 debentures due 2096 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.14 above). 
 4.13 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 12, 2008, between Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank, to the Senior Indenture dated as of October 17, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed September 12, 2008, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.14 Form of Global Note for Halliburton s 6.70 Senior Notes due 2038 (included as part of Exhibit 4.16). 
 4.15 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2009, between Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank, to the Senior Indenture dated as of October 17, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed March 13, 2009, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.16 Form of Global Note for Halliburton s 7.45 Senior Notes due 2039 (included as part of Exhibit 4.18). 
 4.17 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2011, between Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank, to the Senior Indenture dated as of October 17, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed November 14, 2011, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.18 Form of Global Note for Halliburton s 4.50 Senior Notes due 2041 (included as part of Exhibit 4.20). 
 4.19 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2013, between Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Halliburton s Form 8-K filed August 5, 2013, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.20 Form of Global Note for Halliburton s 4.75 Senior Notes due 2043 (included as part of Exhibit 4.23). 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 72 

Table of Contents 
 Item 15 | Exhibits 

 4.21 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 13, 2015, between Halliburton Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed November 13, 2015, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.22 Form of Global Note for Halliburton s 3.800 Senior Notes due 2025 (included as part of Exhibit 4.26). 
 4.23 Form of Global Note for Halliburton s 4.850 Senior Notes due 2035 (included as part of Exhibit 4.26). 
 4.24 Form of Global Note for Halliburton s 5.000 Senior Notes due 2045 (included as part of Exhibit 4.26). 
 4.25 Description of Registrant's Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.30 to Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.26 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2020, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed March 3, 2020, File No. 001-03492). 
 4.27 Form of Global Note for the Company s 2.920 Senior Notes due 2030 (included as part of Exhibit 4.31). 
 10.1 Halliburton Company Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Predecessor s proxy statement dated March 23, 1993, File No. 001-03492). 10.2 Dresser Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.3 ERISA Excess Benefit Plan for Dresser Industries, Inc., as amended and restated effective June 1, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Dresser s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1995, File No. 1-4003). 
 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed August 3, 2007, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed August 3, 2007, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers (first elected after January 1, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors (first elected after January 1, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Halliburton s Form 8-K filed March 22, 2013, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.8 Halliburton Company Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective May 16, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.9 Halliburton Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated effective February 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Appendix B of Halliburton s proxy statement filed April 6, 2021, File No. 001-03492). 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 73 

Table of Contents 
 Item 15 | Exhibits 

 10.10 First Amendment to Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Halliburton Company, effective December 7, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.11 Second Amendment to Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Halliburton Company, effective May 16, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.12 Third Amendment to Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Halliburton Company, effective December 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.13 First Amendment dated December 1, 2012 to Halliburton Company Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective May 16, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.14 Executive Agreement (Myrtle L. Jones) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.15 Executive Agreement (Timothy McKeon) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.16 Executive Agreement (Charles E. Geer, Jr.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed December 9, 2014, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.17 Halliburton Annual Performance Pay Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.18 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors Plan) (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 99.5 of Halliburton's Form S-8 filed May 21, 2009, Registration No. 333-159394). 
 10.19 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Agreement (Stock and Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.20 Executive Agreement (Joe D. Rainey) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Halliburton's Form 8-K filed December 12, 2017, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.21 Executive Agreement (Jeffrey A. Miller) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Halliburton's Form 8-K filed June 5, 2017, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.22 Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective February 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Halliburton's proxy statement filed April 6, 2021, File No. 001-03492. 
 10.23 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 99.2 of Halliburton's Form S-8 filed May 17, 2019, Registration No. 333-231571). 
 10.24 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (International) (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 99.3 of Halliburton's Form S-8 filed May 17, 2019, Registration No. 333-231571). 
 10.25 Executive Agreement (Eric J. Carre) (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.46 of Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, File No. 001-03492). 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 74 

Table of Contents 
 Item 15 | Exhibits 

 10.26 Executive Agreement (Lawrence J. Pope) (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.47 of Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.27 Second Amendment dated January 1, 2019, to Halliburton Company Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective May 16, 2012 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.47 of Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.28 Executive Agreement (Mark J. Richard) (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.48 of Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.29 Halliburton Company Performance Unit Program, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.8 of Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.30 U.S. 3,500,000,000 Five Year Revolving Credit Agreement among Halliburton, as Borrower, the Banks party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Halliburton s Form 8-K filed April 28, 2022, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.31 Halliburton Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective December 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.41 of Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.32 Halliburton Company Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective December 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.42 of Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.33 Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan, as amended and restated effective December 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.43 of Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.34 Executive Agreement (Van H. Beckwith) (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.42 of Halliburton s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.35 Executive Agreement (Jill D. Sharp) incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.40 of Halliburton's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 001-03492). 
 10.36 Amendment effective January 1, 2022, to Halliburton Annual Performance Pay Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2019 (incorpo rat ed by reference as Exhibit 10.1 of Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 001-0 3492 ). 
 10.37 Amendment effective January 1, 2020, to Halliburton Company Performance Unit Program, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10. 2 of Halliburton's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 001-03492). . 
 10.38 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 10.39 Form of Restricted Stock Uni t Agreement (International). 
 10.40 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (U.S. Expat). 
 10.41 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 75 

Table of Contents 
 Item 15 | Exhibits 

 10.42 Form of Non-Management Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Stock and Incentive Plan). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 24.1 Powers of attorney for the following directors signed in January 202 3 : 
 Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal William E. Albrecht M. Katherine Banks Alan M. Bennett Milton Carroll Earl M. Cummings Murry S. Gerber Robert A. Malone Bhavesh V. Patel Tobi M. Edwards Young 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 95 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed with this Form 10-K. Furnished with this Form 10-K. Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 76 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16 | Form 10-K Summary 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 
 None. 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 77 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16 | Form 10-K Summary 

 SIGNATURES 

As required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has authorized this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned authorized individuals on this 7th day of February, 2023. 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY By /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller Jeffrey A. Miller Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 As required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities indicated on this 7th day of February, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller Chairman of the Board, Director, President and Jeffrey A. Miller Chief Executive Officer /s/ Eric J. Carre Executive Vice President and Eric J. Carre Chief Financial Officer /s/ Charles E. Geer, Jr. Senior Vice President and Charles E. Geer, Jr. Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 78 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16 | Form 10-K Summary 

 Signature Title Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal Director Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal William E. Albrecht Director William E. Albrecht M. Katherine Banks Director M. Katherine Banks Alan M. Bennett Director Alan M. Bennett Milton Carroll Director Milton Carroll Earl M. Cummings Director Earl M. Cummings Murry S. Gerber Director Murry S. Gerber Robert A. Malone Director Robert A. Malone Bhavesh V. Patel Director Bhavesh V. Patel Tobi M. Edwards Young Director Tobi M. Edwards Young /s/ Van H. Beckwith By Van H. Beckwith, Attorney-in-fact 
 
 HAL 2022 FORM 10-K | 79 

<EX-10.38>
 2
 hal_12312022-ex1038.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT

Document 

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 

Grant Date Grant Date 
 
 Grantee Employee Participant Name 
 
 Aggregate Number of Shares Subject to Award Number _Restricted_Shares 

This RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of Grant Date , between HALLIBURTON COMPANY , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Participant Name Employee ). 
 
 1. Award of Shares . Pursuant to the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan the aggregate number of shares subject to the award set forth above of Halliburton Company common stock, par value 2.50 per share Stock ), shall be issued as hereinafter provided in Employee s name subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. The shares granted pursuant to this Agreement that are subject to Forfeiture Restrictions (as defined below) are referred to as the Restricted Shares . The Restricted Shares shall be issued upon acceptance hereof by Employee and upon satisfaction of the conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Plan Incorporated . Employee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, and agrees that this award of Restricted Shares shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, including future amendments thereto. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement. Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning ascribed to them under the Plan. 
 
 3. Vesting of Restricted Shares Forfeiture of Restricted Shares . 
 
 (a) Vesting Schedule. The Restricted Shares shall vest (i.e., Forfeiture Restrictions lapse) in accordance with the vesting details for this grant displayed in the Distribution Schedule in the Employee s Account at www.NetBenefits.Fidelity.com, provided the Employee has been continuously and actively employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies from the date of this Agreement through the applicable vesting date. The prohibition against transfer and the obligation to forfeit and surrender Restricted Shares to the Company upon termination of employment are herein referred to as Forfeiture Restrictions . 
 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting . The Forfeiture Restrictions shall lapse as to all of the Restricted Shares on the earlier of (i) the date of Employee s Qualifying Termination (as such term is defined in the Plan), or (ii) the date Employee s employment with the Company is terminated by reason of death or disability (as determined by the Company). In the event Employee s employment is terminated for any other reason, including retirement, upon the recommendation of applicable management of the Company and or business unit , the Committee which administers the Plan (the Committee or its delegate, as appropriate, may, in the Committee s or such delegate s sole discretion, approve the lapse of Forfeiture Restrictions as to any or all Restricted Shares still subject to such restrictions, such lapse to be effective on the date of such approval or Employee s termination date, if later. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture of the Restricted Shares . In the event of termination of Employee s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated company for any reason other than as otherwise provided in this Paragraph 3, Employee shall, for no consideration, forfeit all Restricted Shares to the extent they are not fully vested as of Employee s termination date. Any question as to whether and when there has been a termination of such employment and the cause for such termination, shall be determined by the Committee, or its delegate, as appropriate, and its determination shall be final. 
 
 4. Book Entry Record . The Restricted Shares shall be represented by book entry transaction registered in the name of a nominee of the Company, pursuant to which Employee shall have voting rights and shall be entitled to receive all dividends unless and until the Restricted Shares are forfeited pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the issuance or 

delivery of any shares of Stock (whether subject to restrictions or unrestricted) may be postponed for such period as may be required to comply with applicable requirements of any national securities exchange or any requirements under any law or regulation applicable to the issuance or delivery of such shares. The Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver any shares of Stock if the issuance or delivery thereof shall constitute a violation of any provision of any law or of any regulation or any national securities exchange. 
 
 5. Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicit and Non-Compete Covenants . To further align Employee s interests with the Company s long-term business interests, including the preservation of the Company s goodwill and the protection of the Confidential Business Information (as defined below) that Employee has obtained and will, necessarily continue to receive and rely on, Employee and the Company hereby agree to the following 
 
 (a) Non-Disclosure of Confidential Business Information . Employee agrees that (a) the Company s Confidential Business Information constitutes valuable, special, and unique assets that the Company uses in its business to obtain a competitive advantage over its competitors and (b) the protection of such Confidential Business Information against unauthorized disclosure and Employee s use thereof is of critical importance to the Company in maintaining its competitive position. Employee also acknowledges and agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of such Confidential Business Information or other confidential information would cause irreparable harm to the Company. In consideration of the foregoing, Employee thereby agrees that Employee will not at any time during employment by the Company, and for so long thereafter as the pertinent information or documentation remains confidential, use (either for the benefit of Employee or the benefit of others), publish, disclose, claim ownership of, communicate, divulge or send to others, access, or take, any Confidential Business Information or any confidential information of the Company or its affiliates, including the vendors, consultants, joint ventures, or customers of the Company, except to the extent needed to carry out Employee s obligations to the Company or as otherwise authorized in writing by the Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Business Information or other confidential information would cause irreparable harm to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement does not prevent Employee from (i) making a good faith report of possible violations of applicable law to the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental agency or entity or (ii) making disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or receiving any award for information provided under such whistleblower provisions. 
 
 (b) Non-Solicit and Non-Compete . During Employee s employment with the Company and for one year immediately thereafter, Employee will not, other than on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, as a proprietor, partner, employee, agent or otherwise 
 
 (i) Solicit, directly or indirectly, or cause or permit others to solicit, directly or indirectly, any person (i) formerly employed by the Company during the six (6) month period immediately preceding or following the termination of Employee s employment Former Employee or (ii) employed by the Company Current Employee ). The term solicit includes, but is not limited to, the following (regardless of whether done directly or indirectly) (a) requesting that a Former or Current Employee change employment (b) informing a Former or Current Employee that an opening exists elsewhere (c) assisting a Former or Current Employee in finding employment elsewhere (d) inquiring if a Former or Current Employee knows of anyone who might be interested in a position elsewhere (e) inquiring if a Former or Current Employee might have an interest in employment elsewhere (f) informing others of the name or status of, or other information about, a Former or Current Employee or (g) any other similar conduct, the intended or actual effect of which is that a Former Employee affiliates with another employer or a Current Employee leaves the employment of the Company. 
 
 (ii) Sell, attempt to sell, or assist in the effort of anyone else who sells or attempts to sell, any products or services which compete with products or services offered by Company to any actual or prospective customer of the Company with whom or with which Employee dealt at any time during the last twelve (12) months of Employee s employment by the Company or about whom Employee has any Confidential Business Information. 

(iii) Directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage, or induce said actual or prospective customers of the Company to terminate or reduce their business with the Company. 
 
 (iv) Participate in, work for, or provide services, in the Territory in which Employee was employed, to any person or entity that is, or is actively planning to be, a Competitive Business. The Territory in which Employee was employed shall mean (1) Employee s geographical area of responsibility, (2) a zone of 150 miles radius from a facility, location or office of the Company in which Employee was employed during the last eighteen (18) months of Employee s employment at the Company, and (3) all locations from which Employee regularly performed Employee s job functions or performed significant job functions, during the last eighteen (18) months of Employee s employment at the Company. The term Competitive Business shall mean any business (however organized or conducted) that competes with a business in which the Company is engaged or in which the Company was actively planning to engage, at any time during the last twelve (12) months of Employee s employment by the Company, provided that Employee was involved with or had access to Confidential Business Information regarding such business. This restriction does not prohibit Employee from working for a person or entity, even if a Competitive Business, in a capacity unrelated to the work that Employee performed for the Company, provided Employee and any new employer first provide the Company with adequate written assurances of the steps taken to ensure the protection, and to prevent the use or disclosure, of Confidential Business Information. Nothing in this Subparagraph 5(b)(iv) shall prohibit Employee and Employee s affiliates from owning, as passive investors, in the aggregate not more than five percent of equity securities of any Competitive Business. 
 
 (v) Act in any capacity for or with any Competitive Business, or for or with any of their agents, if in such capacity Employee would, because of the nature of his her role with such Competitive Business and Employee s knowledge of Confidential Business Information, inevitably use and or disclose any Confidential Business Information in his her work for, or on behalf of, the Competitive Business or its agent. 
 
 (vi) Otherwise interfere with, disrupt or attempt to disrupt relations between the Company and any of its employees, contractors, vendors, third party business affiliates, or consultants. 
 
 Employee agrees that (a) the covenants contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the Company s business, goodwill, customer and employee relationships and Confidential Business Information, and (b) the compensation and other consideration received by Employee, including the Restricted Shares, are based on Employee s agreement to such covenants. Employee represents and warrants that the time, scope of activity and geographic area restricted by this Agreement are reasonable, especially in the view of the worldwide scope of the business operations of the Company, Employee s position and responsibilities with the Company, and the nature of the Confidential Business Information, that the enforcement of those restrictions contained in this Agreement would not be unduly burdensome to or impose any undue hardship on Employee, and that Employee will be able to earn a reasonable living while abiding by such covenants. 
 
 (c) State Specific Limitations . Employee and the Company hereby further agree that, in spite of anything in the Agreement to the contrary, if and to the extent Employee works for the Company, not including temporary assignments or business travel, in the states mentioned below, the restrictions in Paragraph 5(b) will be revised as set forth below. During any portion of Employee s employment with the Company when Employee is not assigned to one of the states listed below, this Agreement shall be enforceable in its entirety 
 
 (vii) California The only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in California shall be Subparagraph (i) and, to the extent necessary to protect the Company s trade secrets, Subparagraphs (v) and (vi). 
 
 (viii) Colorado The provisions of Paragraph 5(b) shall only apply to Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Colorado (i) to the extent necessary to protect trade secrets, within the meaning of C.R.S. 8-2-113(2)(b) or (ii) 

if Employee is an executive or management personnel or an officer or employee who constitutes professional staff to executive and management personnel, within the meaning of C.R.S. 8-2-113(2)(d). 
 
 (ix) North Dakota All provisions of Paragraph 5(b) will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in North Dakota. For the one year period immediately following the end of said Employee s employment, the only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply shall be Subparagraph (i) and, to the extent necessary to protect Company s trade secrets and or Confidential Business Information, Subparagraphs (v) and (vi). 
 
 (x) Oklahoma The only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Oklahoma shall be Subparagraph (i), and to the extent necessary to prevent the direct solicitation of the sale of goods and or services from the customers of the Company, Subparagraphs (ii) and (iii), and to the extent necessary to protect the Company s trade secrets, Subparagraphs (v) and (vi). 
 
 (xi) Louisiana The provisions of Paragraph 5(b) will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Louisiana in the following Louisiana parishes and municipalities Acadia, Bienville, Bossier, Caddo, Calcasieu, Cameron, Iberia, Lafayette, Lafourche, Orleans, Plaquemines, Rapides, St. Mary, St. Martin, Terrebonne, and Vermilion. 
 
 (d) Confidential Business Information . As used in this Agreement, the term Confidential Business Information means any and all of the Company s trade secrets, confidential and or proprietary information, and all other information and data that is not generally known to third persons who could derive economic value from its use or disclosure, including, but not limited to, the Company s strategies, methods, products, software, designs, drawings, books, records, data, and technical information concerning its products, equipment, services and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques the methods though which the Company identifies, hires, trains and compensates its employees details regarding the Company s employees, including their compensation, contact information, and their performance and conduct methods to locate and qualify contractors, vendors and third party affiliates the identity of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning the Company s contractors, vendors and third party business affiliates the individuals, and their contact Information, at contractors, vendors and third party business affiliates with whom the Company has dealt the amounts and types of goods and or services purchased in the past from contractors, vendors and third party business affiliates the amounts paid for such past purchases the identity of the Company s customers the individuals, and their contact information, at customers with whom Employee has dealt the amounts and types of products and services purchased in the past by such customers the amount paid for such past purchases, the timing of such past purchases, and the method of payment for such past purchases the Company s plans for future products and services the details of any ongoing or planned negotiations for future products and services and the Company s plans for the future, including without limitation plans for its products and services, for geographic and customer markets, and for marketing, promoting, selling, distributing and providing its products and services. 
 
 6. Non-Transferability . The Restricted Shares may not be sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated, encumbered, disposed of, or otherwise transferred, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Internal Revenue Code (the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar order. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Shares or such rights contrary to the provisions hereof or in the Plan, the Restricted Shares and such rights shall immediately become null and void. 
 
 7. Withholding of Tax . Employee acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Subsidiary or affiliated company that employs Employee (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, hypothetical tax or other tax-related items related to Employee s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Employee or deemed by the Company or the Employer in their discretion to be an appropriate charge to Employee even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer 

Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Employee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Employee further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Shares, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, issuance of shares of Stock, the subsequent sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan and the receipt of any dividends and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Shares to reduce or eliminate Employee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Employee is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, unless otherwise approved by the Committee, the Company shall satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by either (i) withholding from Employee s wages or other cash compensation payable to Employee by the Company and or the Employer, (ii) reacquiring and withholding a number of shares of Stock from the Restricted Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld or (iii) permitting Employee to tender to the Company cash (including check, bank draft or money order delivered to the Company s Stock Plan Administrator) or, if allowed by the Committee, shares of Stock previously acquired by Employee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee is subject to Section 16 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to Rule 16a-2 promulgated thereunder, any Tax-Related Items withholding obligations shall be satisfied by the Company reacquiring and withholding a number of shares of Stock from the Restricted Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. In the event of over-withholding, Employee may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the share equivalent), or if not refunded, Employee may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, Employee may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or the Employer. 
 Employee agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Employee s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver shares of Stock or proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock until arrangements satisfactory to the Company have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 8. Status of Stock . Employee agrees that the Restricted Shares will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner which would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws. Employee also agrees (i) that the Company may refuse to register the transfer of the Restricted Shares on the stock transfer records of the Company if such proposed transfer would in the opinion of counsel to the Company constitute a violation of any applicable securities law, and (ii) that the Company may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop registration of the transfer of the Restricted Shares. 
 
 9. Nature of Grant . Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to constitute or create a contract of employment, nor shall it constitute or create the right to remain associated with or in the employ of the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies for any particular period of time. This Agreement shall not interfere in any way with the Company s right to terminate Employee s employment at any time. For purposes of this Agreement, Employee shall be considered in the employment of the Company as long as Employee remains an employee of either the Company, any successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary corporation (as defined in Section 424 of the Code) of the Company or any successor corporation. Any question as to whether and when there has been a termination of such employment, and the cause of such termination, shall be determined by the Committee, or its delegate, as appropriate, and its determination shall be final. Furthermore, this 

Agreement, the Plan, and any other Plan documents are not part of Employee s employment contract, if any, and do not guarantee either Employee s right to receive any future grants under such Agreement or the Plan or the inclusion of the value of any grants in the calculation of severance payments, if any, upon termination of employment. 
 
 10. Data Privacy . Employee understands that the Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies and or the Employer may hold certain personal information about Employee, specifically Employee s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of the Restricted Shares or any other entitlement to shares of Stock, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Employee s favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. More information about how the Company collects, processes, protects, and transfers Data, as well as the rights of Employees in relation to their Data, is found in the Employee Privacy Notice available on HalWorld. 
 
 Employee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Employee s Data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the Plan. 
 
 Employee understands that Data will be transferred to the stock brokerage or other financial or administrative services firm designated by the Company (the Stock Plan Administrator which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Employee authorizes the Company, the Company s Stock Plan Administrator and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the Plan. Further, Employee understands that Employee is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Employee does not consent, or if Employee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Employee s service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Employee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Employee the Restricted Shares or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Employee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Employee s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 11. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Employee agrees to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading. Employee further acknowledges that, depending on Employee s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Employee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect Employee s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., restricted shares) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Employee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in Employee s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Employee places before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Employee could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Employee understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restriction under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Employee acknowledges that it is Employee s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Employee should therefore consult Employee s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 12. Electronic Delivery and Participation . Employee agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies may deliver in connection with this grant and any other grants offered by the Company, including prospectuses, grant notifications, account statements, annual or quarterly reports, and other communications. Electronic delivery of a document may be made via the Company s email system or by reference to a location on the Company s intranet or website or a website of the Company s agent administering the Plan. By accepting this grant, whether electronically or otherwise, Employee also hereby consents to participate in the Plan through such system, intranet, or website, including but not limited to the use of electronic signatures or click-through electronic acceptance of terms and conditions. 

13. English Language . Employee acknowledges and agrees that it is Employee s express intent that this Agreement and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Shares be drawn up in English. Employee acknowledges that Employee is sufficiently proficient in English, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow Employee to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. To the extent Employee has been provided with a copy of this Agreement, the Plan, or any other documents relating to this Award in a language other than English, the English language documents will prevail in case of any ambiguities or divergences as a result of translation. 
 
 14. Compliance with Law . Employee agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, as may be required to allow the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment (and country of residence, if different). Finally, Employee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Employee s personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment and country of residence, if different). 
 
 15. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Employee s participation in the Plan and on the Restricted Shares, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Employee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 16. Committee s Powers . No provision contained in this Agreement shall in any way terminate, modify or alter, or be construed or interpreted as terminating, modifying or altering, any of the powers, rights or authority vested in the Committee or, to the extent delegated, in its delegate, pursuant to the terms of the Plan or resolutions adopted in furtherance of the Plan, including, without limitation, the right to make certain determinations and elections with respect to the Restricted Shares. 
 
 17. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors to the Company and all persons lawfully claiming under Employee. 
 
 18. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflict of laws, except to the extent that it implicates matters which are the subject of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which matters shall be governed by the latter law. For purposes of resolving any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby agree that any such dispute that cannot be resolved by the parties shall be submitted for resolution through the Halliburton Dispute Resolution Program, pursuant to which the last step is final and binding arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that in addition to any other rights or remedies they may have, that either party shall be entitled, if it so elects, to institute a proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain a preliminary injunction (with each waiving the other s obligation, if any, to post bond) in order to prevent activities in violation of the Agreement and to maintain the status quo pending resolution of the parties dispute in accordance with the Halliburton Dispute Resolution Program. 
 
 19. U.S. Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice . Employee is hereby notified in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a U.S. federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation against the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the Company s trade secrets to the Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 20. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more of the provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible, and if it cannot be so reformed and construed, as if such unenforceable provision, or part thereof, had never been contained herein. The Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicit, and Non-Compete in this Agreement shall be separate, independent and concurrently enforceable with other employee agreements that 

have been signed by Employee. In the event such provisions of an agreement is determined by an adjudicator as not to be enforceable, any other concurrently enforceable provisions may still be enforced. 
 
 21. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to Employee s (or any other participant s) compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 
 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY 

By 
 
 Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 I HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT DATED Grant Date . 

Electronic Signature 
 
 Acceptance Date 
 
 RSA522 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 3
 hal_12312022-ex1039.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (INTERNATIONAL)

Document 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

Grant Date Grant Date 
 
 Grantee Employee Participant Name 
 
 Aggregate Number of Units Subject to Award Number_Restricted_Units 

This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of Grant Date , between HALLIBURTON COMPANY , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Participant Name Employee ). 
 
 1. Award of Units . Pursuant to the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), Employee is hereby awarded the aggregate number of units subject to award set forth above evidencing the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of Company common stock, par value USD 2.50 per share Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. The units granted pursuant to this Agreement that are referred to as the Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 2. Plan Incorporated . Employee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees that this award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, including future amendments thereto. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement. Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning ascribed to them under the Plan. 
 
 3. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 (a) Vesting Schedule . The Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the vesting details for this grant displayed in the Distribution Schedule in Employee s account at www.NetBenefits.Fidelity.com, provided that Employee has been continuously and actively employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies from the date of this Agreement through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting . The Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested on the earlier of (i) the date of Employee s Qualifying Termination (as such term is defined in the Plan), or (ii) the date Employee s employment with the Company is terminated by reason of death or disability (as determined by the Company). In the event Employee s employment is terminated for any other reason, including retirement (as determined by the Company), upon the recommendation of applicable management of the Company and or business unit, the Committee which administers the Plan (the Committee or its delegate, as appropriate, may, in the Committee s or such delegate s sole discretion, approve the acceleration of the vesting of any or all Restricted Stock Units, such vesting to be effective on the date of such approval or Employee s Termination Date (as defined below), if later. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units . In the event of a termination of Employee s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated companies for any reason except as otherwise provided in this Paragraph 3, Employee shall, for no consideration, forfeit all Restricted Stock Units to the extent they are not fully vested as of the Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, Termination Date for purposes of this award will be deemed to occur as of the date Employee is no longer actively providing services as an employee, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion, and no vesting shall continue during any notice period that may be specified under contract or applicable law with respect to such termination, including any garden leave or similar period, except as may otherwise be permitted in the Company s sole discretion. 
 
 4. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable but in no event later than 60 days after the vesting date. The Company, in its sole discretion, may provide for settlement in the form of 

(a) shares of Stock or 
 
 (b) a cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock that correspond to the vested Restricted Stock Units, to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock (i) is prohibited under local law, (ii) would require Employee, the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated company to obtain the approval of any governmental or regulatory body in Employee s country of employment (or residence, if different), (iii) would result in adverse tax consequences to Employee, the Company, or any Subsidiary or affiliated company, or (iv) is administratively burdensome. 
 
 If the Company settles the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock, it may require Employee to sell such shares of Stock immediately or within a specified period following Employee s termination of employment (in which case Employee hereby agrees that the Company shall have the authority to issue sale instructions in relation to such shares of Stock on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization). 
 
 5. Shareholder Rights . Employee shall have no rights to dividends, dividend equivalents or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of Stock subject to this award of Restricted Stock Units unless and until such time as the award has been settled by the transfer of shares of Stock to Employee. 
 
 6. Non-Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated, encumbered, disposed of, or otherwise transferred, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar order. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock Units or of such rights contrary to the provisions hereof or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units and such rights shall immediately become null and void. 
 
 7. Withholding of Tax . Employee acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Subsidiary or affiliated company that employs Employee (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, hypothetical tax or other tax-related items related to Employee s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Employee or deemed by the Company or the Employer in their discretion to be an appropriate charge to Employee, even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Employee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Employee further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, the subsequent sale of shares of Stock acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Employee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Employee is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Employee authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) withholding from Employee s wages or other cash compensation payable to Employee by the Company and or the Employer (ii) withholding from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or other awards granted to Employee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld (iii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) or (iv) permitting Employee to tender to the Company cash (including check, bank draft or money order delivered to the Company s Stock Plan Administrator) or, if allowed by the Committee, shares of Stock previously acquired by Employee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee is subject to Section 16 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to Rule 16a-2 promulgated thereunder, any tax withholding obligations shall be satisfied by having the Company withhold a number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. In the event of over-withholding, Employee may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in shares of Stock), or if not refunded, Employee may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, Employee may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, for tax purposes, Employee is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. Employee will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. 
 Employee agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Employee s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver shares of Stock or proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock until arrangements satisfactory to the Company have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 8. Status of Shares of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock pursuant to any Restricted Stock Units at any time, when the offering of the shares of Stock covered by such Restricted Stock Unit has not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act or such other country, U.S. federal or state laws, rules or regulations as the Company deems applicable and, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Company, there is no exemption from the registration. The Company intends to use reasonable efforts to ensure that no such delay will occur. In the event exemption from registration under the Act is available upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee, if requested by the Company to do so, will execute and deliver to the Company in writing an agreement containing such provisions as the Company may require to assure compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
 Employee agrees that the shares of Stock which Employee may acquire upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner which would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. securities laws. Employee also agrees (i) that the Company may refuse to register the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the Restricted Stock Units on the stock transfer records of the Company if such proposed transfer would in the opinion of counsel to the Company constitute a violation of any applicable securities law, and (ii) that the Company may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop registration of the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee acknowledges and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time (subject to any limitations set forth in the Plan) 
 (b) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units, or benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units or other awards have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) Employee s participation in the Plan is voluntary 

(e) the Restricted Stock Units and Employee s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Employee s employment relationship (as otherwise may be permitted under local law) 
 (f) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service Employee may provide as a director of any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (g) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan and the income and value of the same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (h) the future value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (i) upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the value of such shares of Stock may increase or decrease in value 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of Employee s employment (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws or later found invalid) and, in consideration of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or the Employer 
 (k) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Stock and 
 (l) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Employee s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or any amounts due to Employee pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 10. Data Privacy . Employee understands that the Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies and or the Employer may hold certain personal information about Employee, specifically Employee s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of the Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Employee s favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. More information about how the Company collects, processes, protects, and transfers Data, as well as the rights of Employees in relation to their Data, is found in the Employee Privacy Notice available on HalWorld. 
 
 Employee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Employee s Data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the Plan. 
 Employee understands that Data will be transferred to the stock brokerage or other financial or administrative services firm designated by the Company (the Stock Plan Administrator which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. 

Employee authorizes the Company, the Company s Stock Plan Administrator and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the Plan. Further, Employee understands that Employee is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Employee does not consent, or if Employee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Employee s service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Employee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Employee the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Employee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Employee s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 11. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Employee agrees to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading. Employee further acknowledges that, depending on Employee s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Employee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect Employee s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., restricted stock units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Employee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in Employee s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Employee places before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Employee could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Employee understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restriction under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Employee acknowledges that it is Employee s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Employee should therefore consult Employee s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 12. Electronic Delivery and Participation . Employee agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies may deliver in connection with this grant and any other grants offered by the Company, including prospectuses, grant notifications, account statements, annual or quarterly reports, and other communications. Electronic delivery of a document may be made via the Company s email system or by reference to a location on the Company s intranet or website or a website of the Company s agent administering the Plan. By accepting this grant, whether electronically or otherwise, Employee also hereby consents to participate in the Plan through such system, intranet, or website, including but not limited to the use of electronic signatures or click-through electronic acceptance of terms and conditions. 
 
 13. English Language . Employee acknowledges and agrees that it is Employee s express intent that this Agreement and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. Employee acknowledges that Employee is sufficiently proficient in English, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow Employee to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. To the extent Employee has been provided with a copy of this Agreement, the Plan, or any other documents relating to this Award in a language other than English, the English language documents will prevail in case of any ambiguities or divergences as a result of translation. 
 
 14. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Country-Specific Addendum to this Agreement (the Addendum ). Moreover, if Employee transfers to one of the countries included in such Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Employee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Employee s transfer). The Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 
 15. Not a Public Offering . The award of the Restricted Stock Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Employee s country of employment (or country of residence, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and the award of the Restricted Stock Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. No employee of the 

Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies is permitted to advise Employee on whether he she should participate in the Plan. Acquiring shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to participate in the Plan, Employee should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan and carefully review all of the materials related to the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan. In addition, Employee should consult with his her personal advisor for professional investment advice. 
 
 16. Repatriation Compliance with Law . Employee agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in Employee s country of employment (and country of residence, if different). In addition, Employee agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, as may be required to allow the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment (and country of residence, if different). Finally, Employee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Employee s personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment and country of residence, if different). 
 
 17. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Employee s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units, and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Employee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 18. Committee s Powers . No provision contained in this Agreement shall in any way terminate, modify or alter, or be construed or interpreted as terminating, modifying or altering any of the powers, rights or authority vested in the Committee or, to the extent delegated, in its delegate, pursuant to the terms of the Plan or resolutions adopted in furtherance of the Plan, including, without limitation, the right to make certain determinations and elections with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 19. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors to the Company and all persons lawfully claiming under Employee. 
 
 20. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflict of laws, except to the extent that it implicates matters which are the subject of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which matters shall be governed by the latter law. For purposes of resolving any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby agree that any such dispute that cannot be resolved by the parties shall be submitted for resolution through the Halliburton Dispute Resolution Program, pursuant to which the last step is final and binding arbitration. 
 
 21. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more of the provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible, and if it cannot be so reformed and construed, as if such unenforceable provision, or part thereof, had never been contained herein. 
 
 22. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to Employee s (or any other participant s) compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 

Halliburton Company 
 Stock and Incentive Plan (the Plan 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement 
 Country-Specific Addendum 

This Addendum includes additional country specific notices, disclaimers, and or terms and conditions that may apply if Employee lives and or works in one of the countries listed in this Addendum and that may be material to Employee s participation in the Plan. This information is based on applicable securities, foreign exchange and other laws that may subject Employee to obligations that Employee solely is responsible for. However, such laws are often complex and change frequently, and the information provided is general in nature and may not apply to Employee s specific situation. As such, the Company cannot assure Employee of any particular result, and Employee should seek his her own professional legal and tax advice. Unless otherwise noted, capitalized terms shall take the definitions assigned to them under the Plan and the Agreement. This Addendum forms part of the Agreement and should be read in conjunction with the Plan. 
 
 European Union EU European Economic Area Countries and the United Kingdom Data Privacy 
 The following provision replaces Paragraph 10 of the Agreement in its entirety 
 The Company, with its registered address at 3000 North Sam Houston Parkway East, Houston, Texas U.S.A. is the controller responsible for the processing of Employee s data by the Company and the third parties noted below. 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, Employee is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes and uses certain personal information about Employee for the legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan and generally administering equity awards specifically Employee s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Restricted Stock Units, any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in Employee s favor, which the Company receives from Employee or the Employer Personal Data ). In granting the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, the Company will collect, process, use and disclose (collectively, Processing Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the Processing of Personal Data is the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan, administering employee equity awards and complying with its contractual and statutory obligations, as well as the necessity of the Processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and the Plan. Employee s refusal to provide Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect Employee s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, Employee voluntarily acknowledges the Processing of his her Personal Data as described herein. More information about how the Company collects, processes, protects, and transfers Personal Data, as well as the rights of Employees in relation to their Personal Data, is found in the Employee Privacy Notice available on HalWorld. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company transfers Personal Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC, an independent service provider based, in relevant part, in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share Personal Data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider will open an account for Employee to receive and trade shares of Stock. The Processing and transfer of Personal Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating the Plan. When receiving Employee s Personal Data, Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC provides appropriate safeguards in accordance with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. By participating in the Plan, Employee understands that the service provider will Process and transfer Employee s Personal Data for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing his her participation in the Plan. 

Algeria Settlement in Cash 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to Paragraph 4 of the Agreement, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 Angola Settlement in Cash 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to Paragraph 4 of the Agreement, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 Argentina Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock are not publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Certain restrictions and requirements may apply if and when Employee transfers proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock into Argentina. 
 Please note that exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to change. Employee should speak with his her personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that Employee may have prior to acquiring or selling shares of Stock or remitting funds into Argentina, as Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control laws . 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 If Employee is an Argentine tax resident, Employee must report any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan and held by Employee on December 31st of each year on Employee's annual tax return for that year. 

Australia Securities Law Notice 
 This disclosure has been prepared in connection with offers to employees in Australia under the Plan. It has been prepared to ensure that this grant and any other grant under the Plan (the Offer satisfies the conditions for exemptions granted by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC under ASIC Class Order 14 1000. 
 Any advice given to Employee in connection with the Offer is general advice only. It does not take into account the objectives, financial situation and needs of any particular person. Employee should consider obtaining Employee s own financial product advice from an independent person licensed by the ASIC to give such advice. The Company will make available at any time, upon Employee s request, the Australian dollar equivalent (as applicable) of the current market price of the underlying shares of Stock subject to Employee s Restricted Stock Unit grant. The Australian dollar equivalent will be calculated using the relevant exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of Australia on the business day prior to the date of Employee s request. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at 
 http www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.html 
 Risk of Participation in the Plan 
 Participation in the Plan and acquiring shares of Stock carries inherent risks. Employee should carefully consider these risks in light of Employee s investment objectives and personal circumstances. Employee should be aware that in addition to fluctuation in value caused by the performance of the Company, the Australian dollar value of Employee s shares of Stock will be affected by the US AUD exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuation in this rate of exchange. 
 There is no guarantee that the price of the shares of Stock will increase. Factors which may affect the price of the shares of Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and general operational and business risks. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding a specified amount (currently AUD 10,000) and international fund transfers. The Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report. If there is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, Employee will be required to file the report. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements. 
 Tax Information 
 The Plan is a program to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the ITAA applies (subject to the conditions in the ITAA). 

Azerbaijan Securities Law Notice 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee understands that the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials Employee may receive regarding Employee s participation in the Plan does not constitute advertising or the offering of securities in Azerbaijan. The issuance of securities pursuant to the Plan has not been and will not be registered in Azerbaijan and therefore, the securities described in any Plan related documents may not be used for sale or public circulation in Azerbaijan. Further, Employee understands that the shares of Stock delivered upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units will be deposited into a designated brokerage account in the United States and in no event will the shares of Stock be delivered to Employee in Azerbaijan. Any disposition or sale of such shares of Stock must take place outside of Azerbaijan, which will be the case if the shares of Stock are sold on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Bangladesh Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units shall not be publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Bangladesh. The offer is intended to be private and the Agreement does not constitute a prospectus for purposes of the 1969 Securities and Exchange Ordinance, as amended. 
 Belgium Foreign Ownership Exchange Information 
 If Employee is a Belgian resident, Employee is required to report any securities e.g. , shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) or bank account (including brokerage account) established outside of Belgium on Employee s annual tax return. In a separate report, Employee is required to provide the National Bank of Belgium with the account details of any such foreign accounts. Employee should consult with his her personal tax advisor to determine Employee s personal reporting obligations. 
 Stock Exchange Tax Information 
 A stock exchange tax will apply to transactions executed by a Belgian resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary, such as a U.S. broker. The stock exchange tax likely will apply when shares of Stock acquired under the Plan are sold. Belgian residents should consult with a personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on their obligations with respect to the stock exchange tax. 
 Annual Securities Accounts Tax Information 
 An annual securities accounts tax may be payable if the total value of the securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account e.g. , shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) exceeds a certain threshold on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period i.e. , December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). In such case, the tax will be due on the value of the qualifying securities held in such account. 

Bolivia Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock are not publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Bolivia. The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Bolivian governmental authority. 
 Brazil Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that for all legal purposes, (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to Employee s employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of Employee s employment and (iii) the income from the Restricted Stock Units, if any, is not part of Employee s remuneration from employment. 
 Further, Employee acknowledges that (x) Employee is making an investment decision and (y) the value of the underlying shares of Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to Employee. 
 Compliance with Law 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Foreign Ownership Exchange Information 
 The regulations of the Central Bank of Brazil governing investments abroad are subject to change at any time, and such changes could affect Employee s ability to receive cash proceeds from Employee s awards. Employee is required to report to the Central Bank of Brazil, on a yearly basis, the value of any and all assets held abroad (including Company shares) if the value of such assets equals or exceeds a specified threshold (currently USD 1,000,000 for annual declarations and USD 100,000,000 for quarterly declarations), as well as any capital gain, dividend or profit attributable to such assets. 
 Brunei Darussalam Securities Law Notice 
 The grant of Restricted Stock Units is made pursuant to a private offering exemption under Section 117 of the Securities Markets Order, 2013 SMO on which basis it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements under the SMO and is also exempt from the capital markets services licensing requirements under Section 159(1)(d) as being the administration of an employee participation scheme. In addition, by accepting this grant, Employee agrees not to sell any shares of Stock within two (2) years of the date of grant. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. 

Bulgaria Foreign Exchange Information 
 Employee will be required to file statistical forms with the Bulgarian National Bank annually regarding Employee s receivables in foreign bank accounts as well as securities held abroad e.g. , shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) if the total sum of all such receivables and securities equals or exceeds a specified threshold (currently BGN 50,000) as of the previous calendar year-end. Employee is personally responsible for complying with the applicable exchange control requirements in Bulgaria. 
 Canada Settlement of Restricted Stock Units 
 The grant of the Restricted Stock Units does not provide any right for Employee to receive a cash payment the Restricted Stock Units will be settled only in shares of Stock. 
 Termination of Employment 
 This provision replaces Paragraph 3(c) of the Agreement 
 In the event of a termination of Employee s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated companies for any reason except as otherwise provided in this Paragraph 3, Employee shall, for no consideration, forfeit all Restricted Stock Units to the extent they are not fully vested as of the Termination Date. For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee's Termination Date will occur on, and Employee's right (if any) to earn, seek damages in lieu of, vest in or otherwise benefit from any portion of the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to this Agreement will be measured by, the date that is the earliest of 
 i. the date Employee's employment with the Employer is terminated for any reason and 
 ii. the date Employee receives written notice of termination from the Employer 
 regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under local law. For greater certainty, Employee will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which Employee's right to vest terminates, nor will Employee be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, Employee's right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, if any, will terminate effective upon the expiry of the minimum statutory notice period, but Employee will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the statutory notice period, nor will Employee be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 If Employee is a Canadian resident, Employee s ownership of certain foreign property (including shares of foreign corporations) in excess of a specified threshold (currently CAD 100,000) may be subject to ongoing annual reporting obligations. Employee should refer to CRA Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) and consult his her tax advisor for further details. It is Employee s responsibility to comply with all applicable tax reporting requirements. 
 Data Privacy 
 The following provision supplements Paragraph 10 of the Agreement 
 Employee hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. Employee further authorizes the Company and any Subsidiary or affiliated company and the administrator of the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. Employee further authorizes the Company and any Subsidiary or affiliated company to record such information and to keep such information in Employee s employee file. 
 Consent to Receive Information in English (Quebec Employees) 
 Employee acknowledges that it is the express wish of the parties that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be written in English. 
 Le Salari reconna t avoir express ment exig la r daction en anglais du pr sent Contrat, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaires intent es, en vertu du pr sent Contrat ou se rapportant directement ou indirectement au pr sent Contrat. 

China Foreign Exchange Information 
 The following terms apply only to nationals of the People s Republic of China China or the PRC residing in mainland China, unless otherwise determined by the Company 
 Employee agrees to hold the shares of Stock received upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with the Company s Stock Plan Administrator until the shares of Stock are sold. 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee understands and agrees that Employee will be required to immediately repatriate all proceeds due to Employee from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. Further, Employee understands that such repatriation will need to be effected through a special exchange control account established by the Company or its affiliated company in the PRC, and Employee hereby agrees that the proceeds may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to Employee and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. Employee acknowledges that neither the Company nor the Stock Plan Administrator is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. 
 The proceeds may be paid to Employee in U.S. dollars or in local currency, at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid in U.S. dollars, Employee understands that Employee will be required to set up and maintain a U.S. dollar bank account in the PRC so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account. Employee understands that if Employee fails to set up such account or fails to provide the requested details to the Company, Employee might not be able to receive sale proceeds or the delivery of proceeds may be delayed. If the proceeds are paid in local currency, Employee acknowledges that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies is under an obligation to secure any particular currency conversion rate and that the Company or any Subsidiaries and affiliated companies may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control requirements in the PRC. Employee agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the time the proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to Employee. Employee further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future to facilitate compliance with PRC exchange control requirements. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, due to exchange control regulations in the PRC, Employee understands and agrees that, to the extent Restricted Stock Units remain outstanding after Employee s termination of employment, such Restricted Stock Units will be cancelled on the 90th day following Employee s termination of employment or within such other period as determined by the Company or required by the China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ). Further, Employee will be required to sell shares of Stock Employee holds within 90 days following Employee s termination of employment or within such other period as determined by the Company or required by the SAFE (the Mandatory Sale Date ). This includes any portion of shares of Stock that vest upon Employee s termination of employment. Employee understands that any shares of Stock held by Employee under the Plan that have not been sold by the Mandatory Sale Date will automatically be sold by the Company s Stock Plan Administrator at the Company s direction (on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent). 
 Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses Employee may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the terms of the Plan, the Agreement, and the Restricted Stock Units in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable rules, regulations, requirements and approvals issued by SAFE. 
 Internal Control Policy 
 Employee understands that the Restricted Stock Units are also subject to the separate Internal Control Policy for Employees in the PRC, which is provided by Employee s Human Resources Department. Employee understands that he she can contact the Human Resources Department for a copy of the policy. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 If Employee is a Chinese resident, Employee may be required to report to SAFE all details of Employee s foreign financial assets and liabilities, as well as details of any economic transactions conducted with non-PRC residents. Employee should consult with his her personal tax advisor to determine Employee s personal reporting obligations. 

Colombia Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Restricted Stock Units and related benefits do not constitute a component of Employee s salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, the Restricted Stock Units and related benefits will not be included and or considered to calculate any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable, to the fullest extent possible in accordance to Article 30 of Law 1393. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered in the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Plan, the Agreement or any other document evidencing the grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 Prior approval from a government authority is not required to hold foreign securities or to receive an equity award. However, once Employee s Restricted Stock Units have vested (i.e., when Employee becomes owner of the shares of Stock), such investments must be registered with the Colombian central bank Banco de la Rep blica , Central Bank ), at any moment, by filing a Form No. 11. Upon sale or other disposition of any shares of Stock registered with the Central Bank, Employee is required to cancel the registration and repatriate the proceeds to Colombia and Employee will be required to file with Employee s local bank the corresponding foreign exchange form reflecting the divestment. 
 Denmark Stock Option Act 
 Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Restricted Stock Units upon a termination of employment (as determined by the Company, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel) shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationship (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of Employee s termination date. Employee acknowledges having received an Employer Statement in Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 
 Egypt Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee transfers funds into Egypt in connection with the Restricted Stock Units (including proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock), the funds transfer must occur through a registered bank in Egypt. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Egypt. 
 Data Retention 
 The Egyptian Labor Law (the Labor Law requires employers to keep files of all relevant employee information of their former employees for a period of one (1) year from the end of the employment. 

France Nature of Restricted Stock Units 
 The Restricted Stock Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 Employee must report shares of Stock held outside of France and foreign bank accounts to the French tax authorities when filing Employee s annual tax return. 
 Language Consent 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee confirms having read and understood the Plan and the Agreement which were provided in the English language. Employee accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant les droits sur des actions assujettis des restrictions Restricted Stock Units ), le Salari confirme avoir lu et compris le Plan et le Contrat qui ont t fournis en langue anglaise. Le Salari accepte les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
 Germany Foreign Exchange Information 
 Cross-border payments in excess of a specified threshold (currently EUR 12,500) must be reported to the Servicezentrum Au enwirtschaftsstatistik , which is the competent federal office of the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In case of payments in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of shares of Stock or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was received and must be filed electronically. The form of report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. Employee is responsible for satisfying the applicable reporting obligation. In addition, reporting may be required if the value of the shares of Stock acquired upon vesting exceeds the threshold. If the Employer does not handle the reporting in such case, Employee will be obligated to do so. 
 If Employee s acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan leads to a so-called qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, Employee will need to report the acquisition when filing his or her annual tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained only in the unlikely event (i) Employee owns at least 1 of the Company and the value of the shares of Stock acquired exceeds EUR 150,000 or (ii) Employee holds Company shares exceeding 10 of the Company s total common stock. 
 India Repatriation Requirement 
 Employee expressly agrees to repatriate all sale proceeds and dividends attributable to shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from Employee s failure to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Employee is required to declare foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Stock held outside of India and, possibly, Restricted Stock Units) in Employee's annual tax return. It is Employee's responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation. Employee should consult his her personal tax advisor in this regard. 

Indonesia Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Indonesia or to any Indonesian nationals, corporations or residents, including by way of invitation, offering or advertisement, and this document and any other offering material relating to the Restricted Stock Units have not been distributed, and will not be distributed, in Indonesia or to any Indonesian nationals, corporations or residents in a manner which would constitute a public offering in Indonesia. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee is an Indonesian resident and remits funds in foreign currency (including dividends and proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock) into Indonesia, the Indonesian Bank through which the transaction is made will submit a transaction report to the Bank of Indonesia for reporting purposes. For transactions equal to or exceeding a certain threshold amount, the underlying document must be submitted to the relevant local bank. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Employee has the obligation to report his her worldwide assets (including foreign accounts and shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) in Employee's annual individual income tax return. For foreign currency transactions exceeding a specified threshold, the underlying document of that transaction will have to be submitted to the relevant local bank. In addition, if there is a change of position of any of the foreign assets Employee holds (including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan), Employee must report this change in position (e.g., sale of shares of Stock) to the Bank of Indonesia no later than the 15th day of the month following the change in position. 
 Iraq Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock are not publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Iraq. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that for all legal purposes, (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to Employee s employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of Employee s employment and (iii) the income from the Restricted Stock Units, if any, is not part of Employee s remuneration from employment. 
 Compliance with Law 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees to comply with applicable laws in Iraq and to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 

Italy Plan Document Acknowledgement 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee acknowledges that Employee has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. Employee further acknowledges having read and specifically approves the following sections of the Agreement Vesting of Restricted Stock Units Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units, Settlement of Restricted Stock Units, Withholding of Tax, Nature of Grant, Imposition of Other Requirements, Governing Law and Forum and the Data Privacy provision for the EU EEA in this Addendum. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 If at any time during the fiscal year Employee holds foreign financial assets (including cash and shares of Stock) that may generate income taxable in Italy, Employee is required to report these assets on Employee s annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held, or on a special form if no tax return is due. These reporting obligations also will apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. Employee should consult with Employee s personal tax advisor to determine his her personal reporting obligations. 
 Japan Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee acquires shares of Stock valued at more than a specified amount (currently JPY 100 million) in a single transaction, Employee must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance MOF through the Bank of Japan within 20 days of the receipt of the shares of Stock. 
 Further, if Employee is a Japanese resident, Employee will be required to report details of any assets (including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) held outside of Japan as of December 31 of each year, to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding a specified threshold (currently JPY 50 million). Employee should consult with his her personal tax advisor to determine Employee s personal reporting obligations. 
 Kazakhstan Securities Law Notice 
 Neither the Agreement nor the Plan has been approved, nor do they need to be approved, by the National Bank of Kazakhstan. This offer is intended only for the original recipient and is not for general circulation in the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Please note that by choosing to participate in the Plan, Employee hereby consents to have the Employer and the Company be Employee s agent to transfer and or hold funds, shares of Stock, or sale proceeds for and on Employee s behalf. 
 In addition, the Kazakhstani Law on Currency Regulation and Currency Control requires currency repatriation. Therefore, if Employee sells his her securities or receives dividends, Employee must transfer the proceeds to an account(s) with a Kazakhstani authorized bank. 
 Tax Disclosure 
 Employee may be required to disclose shares of Stock held to the local tax authority by way of filing a tax return. Currently, the tax return must be filed not later than 31 March of the year following the reporting year. 

Kenya Tax Registration Notice 
 Under Tax Procedure Act, 2015, Employee is required to complete and submit a tax registration to the Commissioner of Income Tax within 30 days after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. The registration should be completed through the online portal ITAX. Employee should consult his her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. Employee is personally responsible for ensuring compliance with all registration requirements in Kenya. 
 Korea Data Privacy 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units 
 Employee agrees to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Paragraph 10 of the Agreement and 
 Employee agrees to the processing of Employee s unique identifying information as described in Paragraph 10 of the Agreement . 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 If Employee is a Korean resident, he she is required to declare all foreign financial accounts (e.g., non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts holding shares of Stock, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report regarding such accounts if the monthly balance of such accounts exceeds a specified threshold (currently KRW 500 million, or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date during a calendar year. It is Employee's responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation. Employee should consult his her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this requirement. 
 Kuwait Securities Law Notice 
 The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Kuwait pursuant to Law No. 7 of 2010, as amended (establishing the Capital Markets Authority) and its implementing regulations. The information contained herein is intended solely for Employee s use it is confidential and privileged and is not intended to be circulated to any other person or party other than eligible employees or published by any means. Employee may not rely on the information contained herein for any purpose other than in relation to this offer and any share purchase or award hereunder. 

Malaysia Director Notification Obligations 
 If Employee is a director of the Company s Malaysian Subsidiary, Employee is subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act 2016 with regards to the acquisition or disposal of shares of Stock, or rights or options in respect of the acquisition or disposal of the shares of Stock or participatory interests made available by the Company s Malaysian Subsidiary or any related company. Such notification must be made within 14 days from the date of Employee s acquisition or disposal of any such shares of Stock, rights or options. Employee should contact his her personal legal advisor for further details if Employee is a director. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The offer of the Restricted Stock Units in Malaysia constitutes or relates to an excluded offer, excluded invitation, or excluded issue pursuant to Section 229 and Section 230 of the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 CMSA ), and as a consequence no prospectus is required to be registered with the Securities Commission of Malaysia. The Restricted Stock Units documents do not constitute and may not be used for the purpose of a public offering or an issue, offer for subscription or purchase, invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities requiring the registration of a prospectus with the Securities Commission in Malaysia under the CMSA. 
 Mexico Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 The invitation the Company is making under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and is not related to the salary and other contractual benefits granted to Employee by the Employer therefore, benefits derived from the Plan will not under any circumstance be considered as an integral part of Employee s salary. The Company reserves the absolute right to amend the Plan and discontinue it at any time without incurring any liability whatsoever. This invitation and, in Employee s case, the acquisition of shares of Stock does not, in any way, establish a labor relationship between Employee and the Company, nor does it establish any rights between Employee and the Employer. 
 La invitaci n que la Empresa hace en relaci n con el Plan es unilateral, discrecional y no se relaciona con el salario ni con otros beneficios que recibe el Empleado del Patr n por lo que ning n beneficio derivado del Plan ser considerado bajo ninguna circunstancia como parte integral del salario del Empleado. La Empresa se reserva el derecho absoluto para modificar o terminar el Plan en cualquier momento, sin incurrir en responsabilidad alguna. Esta invitaci n y, en caso del Empleado, la adquisici n de valores de acciones, de ninguna manera establecen relaci n laboral alguna entre el Empleado y la Empresa y tampoco genera derecho alguno entre el Empleado y el Patr n. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 Any Restricted Stock Units offered under the Plan and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan and any other document relating to any Restricted Stock Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to Employee only because of his or her existing relationship with the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 

New Zealand Securities Law Notice 
 This is an offer of Restricted Stock Units over shares of common stock of Halliburton Company Halliburton ). Halliburton shares give Employee a stake in the ownership of Halliburton. Employee may receive a return if dividends or dividend equivalents are paid. 
 If Halliburton runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, Employee will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. Employee may lose some or all of Employee s investment. 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors make an informed decision. 
 The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, Employee may not be given all the information usually required. Employee will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 Employee should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing himself or herself. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if Employee acquires shares of Stock under the Plan, Employee may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 Employee is entitled to receive, free of charge, a copy of Halliburton s latest annual report, financial statements and auditor s report if Employee makes a request to Halliburton to receive a copy of those documents. Employee may obtain such information by sending an email to the Halliburton Equity Compensation Department at FHALEquityComp halliburton.com. 
 Employee is hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for Employee s review on Halliburton s external (www.halliburton.com) and or internal sites (HALWorld) as well as via Employee s Stock Plan Account 
 Halliburton s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) 
 Halliburton s most recent published financial statements 
 The Plan Document 
 The Plan Prospectus 
 The Agreement (of which this Addendum is a part) available only via Employee s Stock Plan Account 
 Oman Securities Law Notice 
 The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Oman and consequently has not been registered or approved by the Central Bank of Oman, the Omani Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Omani Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of Oman. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies. 
 Pakistan Exchange Control Information 
 Employee s participation in the Plan may be subject to certain terms and conditions imposed by the State Bank of Pakistan. Employee is required to immediately repatriate to Pakistan the proceeds from any dividends or from the sale of shares of Stock. Employee may be required to register ownership of foreign shares with the State Bank of Pakistan using the prescribed Form V-100. Employee should consult Employee s personal advisor prior to repatriation of any proceeds from dividends or from the sale of shares of Stock to ensure compliance with applicable exchange control regulations in Pakistan, as such regulations are subject to change. Please note that Employee should keep copies of any documents, certificates or invoices involving foreign currency transactions in connection with Employee s participation in the Plan. Employee personally is responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in Pakistan. 

Panama Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities, as they are available only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and the offer is not subject to the protections established by the Panamanian securities laws. 
 Papua New Guinea Foreign Exchange Information 
 Before receiving funds from the sale of any securities abroad, Employee will need to apply for and receive an Income Tax Clearance Certificate from the taxation authorities in Papua New Guinea, which Employee must then lodge with the appropriate Bank of Papua New Guinea notification form with the commercial bank in which the transaction takes place. 
 Peru Securities Law Notice 
 The offer of Restricted Stock Units is considered a private offering in Peru and therefore is not subject to registration. For more information concerning this offer, please refer to the Plan, the Agreement and any other grant documents made available by the Company. For more information regarding the Company, please refer to the Company s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q available at www.sec.gov. 
 Poland Foreign Ownership Reporting 
 If Employee is a Polish resident, Employee is required to file quarterly reports with the National Bank of Poland that include information on transactions and balances regarding Employee s rights to shares of Stock (such as Restricted Stock Units) and shares of Stock if the total value (calculated individually or together with other assets and liabilities possessed abroad) exceeds a specified threshold (currently PLN seven (7) million). 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Employee is required to transfer funds through a bank account in Poland if the transferred amount in any single transaction exceeds a specified threshold (currently EUR 15,000). Employee also is required to retain documents connected with foreign exchange transactions for a period of five (5) years, calculated from the end of the year in which the exchange transaction was made. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Poland. 
 Romania Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee deposits the proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock in a bank account in Romania, Employee may be required to provide the Romanian bank with appropriate documentation explaining the source of the funds. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Romania. 

Russia Securities Law Notice 
 Neither this offer nor the distribution of related documentation constitutes the public circulation of securities in Russia. Employee will receive shares of Stock in a brokerage account held in Employee s name outside of Russia, but a stock certificate will not be issued to Employee. Employee agrees to keep the shares of Stock with a foreign broker or custodian outside Russia and perform any transactions with the shares of Stock on the foreign stock exchange. Employee is not permitted to transfer any shares of Stock received under any Company employee equity program into Russia. 
 Exchange Control Obligations 
 Employee may be required to repatriate certain cash amounts received with respect to the Restricted Stock Units to Russia as soon as Employee intends to use those cash amounts for any purpose, including reinvestment. If the repatriation requirement applies, such funds must initially be credited to Employee through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the funds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws. Under the Directive N 5371-U of the Russian Central Bank (the CBR ), the repatriation requirement may not apply in certain cases with respect to cash amounts received in an account that is considered by the CBR to be a foreign brokerage account. Statutory exceptions to the repatriation requirement also may apply. Employee should contact his or her personal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable exchange control requirements prior to vesting in the Restricted Stock Units and selling shares of Stock. 
 Foreign Accounts and Transactions Reporting 
 If Employee is a Russian citizen, Employee is required to file the following reports or notifications with the Russian tax authorities, if applicable (i) annual cash flow reporting for an offshore brokerage account (due by June 1 each year for the previous year) (ii) financial asset (including shares of Stock) reporting for an offshore brokerage account (due by June 1 each year for the previous year, with the first reporting due by June 1, 2022 for calendar year 2021) and (ii) a one-time notification within one month of opening, closing, or changing details of an offshore brokerage account. Employee should consult his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable requirements . 
 Anti-Corruption Legislation Information 
 Individuals holding public office in Russia, as well as their spouses and dependent children, may be prohibited from opening or maintaining a foreign brokerage or bank account and holding any securities, whether acquired directly or indirectly, in a foreign company (including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan). Employee should consult with his her personal legal advisor to determine whether this restriction applies to his her circumstances. 
 Senegal Tax Registration Notice 
 Employee may be required to submit a copy of the Agreement to the tax authorities within one (1) month after the date the Restricted Stock Units are granted and to pay any applicable registration fee. It is Employee s responsibility to submit the registration and pay the fee. 
 Singapore Securities Law Notice 
 This grant of Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock to be issued upon the vesting of such Restricted Stock Units shall be made available only to employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, in reliance of the prospectus exemption set out in Section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore. In addition, Employee agrees, by Employee s acceptance of this grant, not to sell any shares of Stock within six (6) months after the date of grant. Please note that neither this Agreement nor any other document or material in connection with this offer of the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock thereunder has been or will be lodged, registered or reviewed by any regulatory authority in Singapore. 
 Director Notification Obligation 
 If Employee is a director or shadow director of the Company or related company, Employee may be subject to special reporting requirements with regard to the acquisition of shares of Stock or rights over shares of Stock. If Employee is the Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company or related company and the above notification requirements are determined to apply to the CEO of the Company or related company, the above notification requirements also may apply to Employee. Employee should contact his her personal legal advisor for further details if Employee is a director, shadow director or CEO of the Company or related company. 

Spain Securities Law Notice 
 No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement have been nor will they be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish securities regulator), and they do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder, Employee consents to participation in the Plan and acknowledges that Employee has received a copy of the Plan. 
 Employee understands that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to grant any Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to certain individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision, which is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any Restricted Stock Units granted will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any affiliated companies on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, Employee understands that the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are given on the assumption and condition that they shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Further, Employee understands and freely accepts that the future value of the Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock is unknown and unpredictable. In addition, Employee understands that any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, Employee understands, acknowledges and freely accepts that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of Restricted Stock Units or right to Restricted Stock Units shall be null and void. 
 Further, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is expressly conditioned on Employee s continued and active employment, such that if Employee s employment terminates for any reason whatsoever, the Restricted Stock Units may cease vesting immediately, in whole or in part, effective on the Termination Date (unless otherwise specifically provided in the Agreement). This will be the case, for example, even if (i) Employee is considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause (i.e., subject to a despido improcedente (ii) Employee is dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal (iii) Employee terminates employment due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition (iv) Employee terminates employment due to a unilateral breach of contract by the Company or the Employer or (v) Employee s employment terminates for any other reason whatsoever. Consequently, upon termination of Employee s employment for any of the above reasons, Employee may automatically lose any rights to the Restricted Stock Units that were not vested on the Employee s Termination Date, as described in the Agreement and the Plan. 
 Exchange Control Information 
 To participate in the Plan, Employee must comply with exchange control regulations in Spain. Employee is required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the shares of Stock held in such accounts, depending on the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 of the prior tax year. 
 Employee also must declare any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to the D irecci n General de Comercio e Inversiones of the Ministry of Industry, Tourism and Commerce (the DGCI ). After the initial declaration, the declaration must be filed with the DGCI on a Form D-6 on an annual basis each January while the shares of Stock are owned. However, if the value of the shares of Stock acquired under the Plan or the amount of the sale proceeds exceeds a certain threshold (currently EUR 1,502,530), the declaration must be filed within one (1) month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable. 
 Foreign Asset and Account Reporting 
 Employee understands that if Employee holds assets e.g. , shares of Stock or cash held in a bank or brokerage account) outside of Spain with a value in excess of a certain threshold (currently EUR 50,000) per type of asset e.g. , shares of Stock, cash, etc.) as of December 31, Employee is required to report certain information regarding such assets on tax Form 720. After such assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply for subsequent years if the value of any previously-reported assets increases by more than a specified amount (currently EUR 20,000) or if Employee sells or otherwise disposes of previously-reported assets. The reporting must be completed by the following March 31. 
 Switzerland Securities Law Notice 
 Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Restricted Stock Units (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to Article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). 

Thailand Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee is a Thai resident and Employee realizes sale proceeds equaling or exceeding a specified threshold (currently USD 1,000,000) in a single transaction, Employee is required to repatriate the cash proceeds to Thailand immediately following the receipt of such proceeds and then either convert such repatriation proceeds into Thai Baht or deposit the proceeds into a foreign currency account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand within 360 days of repatriation. Further, Employee must specifically report the inward remittance to the commercial bank in Thailand. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Thailand. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 The Agreement and the Plan, including benefits provided thereunder, are separate arrangements between Employee and the Company and are unrelated to Employee s employment with the Thai Subsidiary. The Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of Employee s employment with the Thai Subsidiary. Any income recognized under the Agreement and the Plan, if any, is not part of Employee s remuneration from employment with the Thai Subsidiary. 
 Trinidad Securities Law Notice 
 The grant of Restricted Stock Units is intended to satisfy the conditions for exemptions granted by the Trinidad and Tobago Securities and Exchange Commission. In the event this grant does not satisfy the applicable conditions, the same must be registered under the Securities Act, Chap. 83 02. 
 United Arab Emirates Securities Law Notice 
 The Plan has not been approved or licensed by the UAE Central Bank or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan is strictly private and confidential and has not been reviewed by, deposited or registered with the UAE Central Bank or any other licensing authority or governmental agencies in the United Arab Emirates. This Plan is being issued from outside the United Arab Emirates to a limited number of employees of the Company and its affiliated companies and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. Further, the information contained in this report is not intended to lead to the issue of any securities or the conclusion of any other contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the United Arab Emirates. 

United Kingdom Withholding of Taxes 
 This provision shall supplement Paragraph 7 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation to Paragraph 7 of the Agreement, Employee agrees that Employee is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Employee also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on Employee s behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee is a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Employee is a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by Employee within ninety (90) days after the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit to Employee on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. Employee acknowledges that Employee ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying the Company or the Employer (as applicable) the amount of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from Employee at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Paragraph 7 of the Agreement. 
 Exclusion of Claim 
 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Employee ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of employment (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 Venezuela Securities Law Notice 
 The offer of Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock that may be issued under the Plan is personal, private, exclusive and non-transferable and is not subject to Venezuelan government securities regulations. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Venezuelan exchange control rules may apply in connection with Employee s participation in the Plan and the transfer of cash proceeds into Venezuela. Following the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, Employee may be subject to certain restrictions and compliance duties if Employee attempts to transfer such cash proceeds into Venezuela. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Venezuela. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Plan, as well as any benefits or advantages Employee might eventually receive as a result of the receipt and sale of any shares of Stock, constitute commercial items governed by the commercial laws of the United States and will be the result of market forces driving the price of the shares of Stock which are not dependent upon Employee s performance as an employee and, as result, will not constitute part of Employee s salary for any purposes. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 
 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY 

By 
 
 Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 I HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT DATED Grant Date . 
 
 Electronic Signature 
 
 Acceptance Date 

RSUINT522 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 4
 hal_12312022-ex1040.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (U.S. EXPAT)

Document 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

Grant Date Grant Date 
 
 Grantee Employee Participant Name 
 
 Aggregate Number of Units Subject to Award Number_Restricted_Units 

This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of Grant Date , between HALLIBURTON COMPANY , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Participant Name Employee ). 
 
 1. Award of Units . Pursuant to the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), Employee is hereby awarded the aggregate number of units subject to award set forth above evidencing the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of Company common stock, par value USD 2.50 per share Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. The units granted pursuant to this Agreement that are referred to as the Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 2. Plan Incorporated . Employee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees that this award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, including future amendments thereto. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement. Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning ascribed to them under the Plan. 
 
 3. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 (a) Vesting Schedule . The Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the vesting details for this grant displayed in the Distribution Schedule in Employee s account at www.NetBenefits.Fidelity.com, provided that Employee has been continuously and actively employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies from the date of this Agreement through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting . The Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested on the earlier of (i) the date of Employee s Qualifying Termination (as such term is defined in the Plan), or (ii) the date Employee s employment with the Company is terminated by reason of death or disability (as determined by the Company). In the event Employee s employment is terminated for any other reason, including retirement (as determined by the Company), upon the recommendation of applicable management of the Company and or business unit, the Committee which administers the Plan (the Committee or its delegate, as appropriate, may, in the Committee s or such delegate s sole discretion, approve the acceleration of the vesting of any or all Restricted Stock Units, such vesting to be effective on the date of such approval or Employee s Termination Date (as defined below), if later. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units . In the event of a termination of Employee s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated companies for any reason except as otherwise provided in this Paragraph 3, Employee shall, for no consideration, forfeit all Restricted Stock Units to the extent they are not fully vested as of the Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, Termination Date for purposes of this award will be deemed to occur as of the date Employee is no longer actively providing services as an employee, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion, and no vesting shall continue during any notice period that may be specified under contract or applicable law with respect to such termination, including any garden leave or similar period, except as may otherwise be permitted in the Company s sole discretion. 

4. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable but in no event later than 60 days after the vesting date. The Company, in its sole discretion, may provide for settlement in the form of 
 
 (a) shares of Stock or 
 
 (b) a cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock that correspond to the vested Restricted Stock Units, to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock (i) is prohibited under local law, (ii) would require Employee, the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated company to obtain the approval of any governmental or regulatory body in Employee s country of employment (or residence, if different), (iii) would result in adverse tax consequences to Employee, the Company, or any Subsidiary or affiliated company, or (iv) is administratively burdensome. 
 
 If the Company settles the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock, it may require Employee to sell such shares of Stock immediately or within a specified period following Employee s termination of employment (in which case Employee hereby agrees that the Company shall have the authority to issue sale instructions in relation to such shares of Stock on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization). 
 
 5. Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicit and Non-Compete Covenants . To further align Employee s interests with the Company s long-term business interests, including the preservation of the Company s goodwill and the protection of the Confidential Business Information (as defined below) that Employee has obtained and will, necessarily continue to receive and rely on, Employee and the Company hereby agree to the following 
 
 (a) Non-Disclosure of Confidential Business Information . Employee agrees that (a) the Company s Confidential Business Information constitutes valuable, special, and unique assets that the Company uses in its business to obtain a competitive advantage over its competitors and (b) the protection of such Confidential Business Information against unauthorized disclosure and Employee s use thereof is of critical importance to the Company in maintaining its competitive position. Employee also acknowledges and agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of such Confidential Business Information or other confidential information would cause irreparable harm to the Company. In consideration of the foregoing, Employee thereby agrees that Employee will not at any time during employment by the Company, and for so long thereafter as the pertinent information or documentation remains confidential, use (either for the benefit of Employee or the benefit of others), publish, disclose, claim ownership of, communicate, divulge or send to others, access, or take, any Confidential Business Information or any confidential information of the Company or its affiliates, including the vendors, consultants, joint ventures, or customers of the Company, except to the extent needed to carry out Employee s obligations to the Company or as otherwise authorized in writing by the Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Business Information or other confidential information would cause irreparable harm to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement does not prevent Employee from (i) making a good faith report of possible violations of applicable law to the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental agency or entity or (ii) making disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or receiving any award for information provided under such whistleblower provisions. 
 
 (b) Non-Solicit and Non-Compete . During Employee s employment with the Company and for one year immediately thereafter, Employee will not, other than on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, as a proprietor, partner, employee, agent or otherwise 
 
 (i) Solicit, directly or indirectly, or cause or permit others to solicit, directly or indirectly, any person (i) formerly employed by the Company during the six (6) month period immediately preceding or following the termination of Employee s employment Former Employee or (ii) employed by the Company Current Employee ). The term solicit includes, but is not limited to, the following (regardless of whether done directly or indirectly) (a) requesting that a Former or Current Employee change employment (b) informing a Former or Current Employee that an opening exists 

elsewhere (c) assisting a Former or Current Employee in finding employment elsewhere (d) inquiring if a Former or Current Employee knows of anyone who might be interested in a position elsewhere (e) inquiring if a Former or Current Employee might have an interest in employment elsewhere (f) informing others of the name or status of, or other information about, a Former or Current Employee or (g) any other similar conduct, the intended or actual effect of which is that a Former Employee affiliates with another employer or a Current Employee leaves the employment of the Company. 
 
 (ii) Sell, attempt to sell, or assist in the effort of anyone else who sells or attempts to sell, any products or services which compete with products or services offered by Company to any actual or prospective customer of the Company with whom or with which Employee dealt at any time during the last twelve (12) months of Employee s employment by the Company or about whom Employee has any Confidential Business Information. 
 
 (iii) Directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage, or induce said actual or prospective customers of the Company to terminate or reduce their business with the Company. 
 
 (iv) Participate in, work for, or provide services, in the Territory in which Employee was employed, to any person or entity that is, or is actively planning to be, a Competitive Business. The Territory in which Employee was employed shall mean (1) Employee s geographical area of responsibility, (2) a zone of 150 miles radius from a facility, location or office of the Company in which Employee was employed during the last eighteen (18) months of Employee s employment at the Company, and (3) all locations from which Employee regularly performed Employee s job functions or performed significant job functions, during the last eighteen (18) months of Employee s employment at the Company. The term Competitive Business shall mean any business (however organized or conducted) that competes with a business in which the Company is engaged or in which the Company was actively planning to engage, at any time during the last twelve (12) months of Employee s employment by the Company, provided that Employee was involved with or had access to Confidential Business Information regarding such business. This restriction does not prohibit Employee from working for a person or entity, even if a Competitive Business, in a capacity unrelated to the work that Employee performed for the Company, provided Employee and any new employer first provide the Company with adequate written assurances of the steps taken to ensure the protection, and to prevent the use or disclosure, of Confidential Business Information. Nothing in this Subparagraph 5(b)(iv) shall prohibit Employee and Employee s affiliates from owning, as passive investors, in the aggregate not more than five percent of equity securities of any Competitive Business. 
 
 (v) Act in any capacity for or with any Competitive Business, or for or with any of their agents, if in such capacity Employee would, because of the nature of his her role with such Competitive Business and Employee s knowledge of Confidential Business Information, inevitably use and or disclose any Confidential Business Information in his her work for, or on behalf of, the Competitive Business or its agent. 
 
 (vi) Otherwise interfere with, disrupt or attempt to disrupt relations between the Company and any of its employees, contractors, vendors, third party business affiliates, or consultants. 
 Employee agrees that (a) the covenants contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the Company s business, goodwill, customer and employee relationships and Confidential Business Information, and (b) the compensation and other consideration received by Employee, including the Restricted Stock Units, are based on Employee s agreement to such covenants. Employee represents and warrants that the time, scope of activity and geographic area restricted by this Agreement are reasonable, especially in the view of the worldwide scope of the business operations of the Company, Employee s position and responsibilities with the Company, and the nature of the Confidential Business Information, that the enforcement of those restrictions contained in this Agreement would 

not be unduly burdensome to or impose any undue hardship on Employee, and that Employee will be able to earn a reasonable living while abiding by such covenants. 
 
 (c) State Specific Limitations . Employee and the Company hereby further agree that, in spite of anything in the Agreement to the contrary, if and to the extent Employee works for the Company, not including temporary assignments or business travel, in the states mentioned below, the restrictions in Paragraph 5(b) will be revised as set forth below. During any portion of Employee s employment with the Company when Employee is not assigned to one of the states listed below, this Agreement shall be enforceable in its entirety 
 
 (vii) California The only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in California shall be Subparagraph (i) and, to the extent necessary to protect the Company s trade secrets, Subparagraphs (v) and (vi). 
 
 (viii) Colorado The provisions of Paragraph 5(b) shall only apply to Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Colorado (i) to the extent necessary to protect trade secrets, within the meaning of C.R.S. 8-2-113(2)(b) or (ii) if Employee is an executive or management personnel or an officer or employee who constitutes professional staff to executive and management personnel, within the meaning of C.R.S. 8-2-113(2)(d). 
 
 (ix) North Dakota All provisions of Paragraph 5(b) will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in North Dakota. For the one year period immediately following the end of said Employee s employment, the only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply shall be Subparagraph (i) and, to the extent necessary to protect Company s trade secrets and or Confidential Business Information, Subparagraphs (v) and (vi). 
 
 (x) Oklahoma The only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Oklahoma shall be Subparagraph (i), and to the extent necessary to prevent the direct solicitation of the sale of goods and or services from the customers of the Company, Subparagraphs (ii) and (iii), and to the extent necessary to protect the Company s trade secrets, Subparagraphs (v) and (vi). 
 
 (xi) Louisiana The provisions of Paragraph 5(b) will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Louisiana in the following Louisiana parishes and municipalities Acadia, Bienville, Bossier, Caddo, Calcasieu, Cameron, Iberia, Lafayette, Lafourche, Orleans, Plaquemines, Rapides, St. Mary, St. Martin, Terrebonne, and Vermilion. 
 
 (d) Confidential Business Information . As used in this Agreement, the term Confidential Business Information means any and all of the Company s trade secrets, confidential and or proprietary information, and all other information and data that is not generally known to third persons who could derive economic value from its use or disclosure, including, but not limited to, the Company s strategies, methods, products, software, designs, drawings, books, records, data, and technical information concerning its products, equipment, services and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques the methods though which the Company identifies, hires, trains and compensates its employees details regarding the Company s employees, including their compensation, contact information, and their performance and conduct methods to locate and qualify contractors, vendors and third party affiliates the identity of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning the Company s contractors, vendors and third party business affiliates the individuals, and 

their contact Information, at contractors, vendors and third party business affiliates with whom the Company has dealt the amounts and types of goods and or services purchased in the past from contractors, vendors and third party business affiliates the amounts paid for such past purchases the identity of the Company s customers the individuals, and their contact information, at customers with whom Employee has dealt the amounts and types of products and services purchased in the past by such customers the amount paid for such past purchases, the timing of such past purchases, and the method of payment for such past purchases the Company s plans for future products and services the details of any ongoing or planned negotiations for future products and services and the Company s plans for the future, including without limitation plans for its products and services, for geographic and customer markets, and for marketing, promoting, selling, distributing and providing its products and services. 
 
 6. Shareholder Rights . Employee shall have no rights to dividends, dividend equivalents or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of Stock subject to this award of Restricted Stock Units unless and until such time as the award has been settled by the transfer of shares of Stock to Employee. 
 
 7. Non-Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated, encumbered, disposed of, or otherwise transferred, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar order. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock Units or of such rights contrary to the provisions hereof or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units and such rights shall immediately become null and void. 
 
 8. Withholding of Tax . Employee acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Subsidiary or affiliated company that employs Employee (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, hypothetical tax or other tax-related items related to Employee s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Employee or deemed by the Company or the Employer in their discretion to be an appropriate charge to Employee even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Employee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Employee further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, the subsequent sale of shares of Stock acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Employee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Employee is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Employee authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) withholding from Employee s wages or other cash compensation payable to Employee by the Company and or the Employer (ii) withholding from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or other awards granted to Employee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld (iii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) or (iv) permitting Employee to tender to the Company cash (including check, bank draft or money order delivered to the Company s Stock Plan Administrator) or, if allowed by the Committee, shares of Stock previously acquired by Employee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee is subject to Section 16 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to Rule 16a-2 promulgated thereunder, any tax withholding obligations shall be satisfied by having the Company withhold a number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. In the event of over-withholding, Employee may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in shares of Stock), or if not refunded, Employee may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, Employee may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, for tax purposes, Employee is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. Employee will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. 
 Employee agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Employee s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver shares of Stock or proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock until arrangements satisfactory to the Company have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 9. Status of Shares of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock pursuant to any Restricted Stock Units at any time, when the offering of the shares of Stock covered by such Restricted Stock Unit has not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act or such other country, U.S. federal or state laws, rules or regulations as the Company deems applicable and, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Company, there is no exemption from the registration. The Company intends to use reasonable efforts to ensure that no such delay will occur. In the event exemption from registration under the Act is available upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee, if requested by the Company to do so, will execute and deliver to the Company in writing an agreement containing such provisions as the Company may require to assure compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
 Employee agrees that the shares of Stock which Employee may acquire upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner which would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. securities laws. Employee also agrees (i) that the Company may refuse to register the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the Restricted Stock Units on the stock transfer records of the Company if such proposed transfer would in the opinion of counsel to the Company constitute a violation of any applicable securities law, and (ii) that the Company may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop registration of the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 10. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee acknowledges and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time (subject to any limitations set forth in the Plan) 
 (b) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units, or benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units or other awards have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 

(d) Employee s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (e) the Restricted Stock Units and Employee s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Employee s employment relationship (as otherwise may be permitted under local law) 
 (f) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service Employee may provide as a director of any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (g) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan and the income and value of the same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (h) the future value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (i) upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the value of such shares of Stock may increase or decrease in value 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of Employee s employment (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws or later found invalid) and, in consideration of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or the Employer 
 (k) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Stock and 
 (l) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Employee s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or any amounts due to Employee pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 11. Data Privacy . Employee understands that the Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies and or the Employer may hold certain personal information about Employee, specifically Employee s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of the Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Employee s favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. More information about how the Company collects, processes, protects, and transfers Data, as well as the rights of Employees in relation to their Data, is found in the Employee Privacy Notice available on HalWorld. 
 
 Employee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Employee s Data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or 

affiliated companies, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the Plan. 
 
 Employee understands that Data will be transferred to the stock brokerage or other financial or administrative services firm designated by the Company (the Stock Plan Administrator which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Employee authorizes the Company, the Company s Stock Plan Administrator and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the Plan. Further, Employee understands that Employee is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Employee does not consent, or if Employee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Employee s service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Employee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Employee the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Employee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Employee s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 12. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Employee agrees to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading. Employee further acknowledges that, depending on Employee s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Employee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect Employee s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., restricted stock units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Employee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in Employee s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Employee places before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Employee could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Employee understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restriction under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Employee acknowledges that it is Employee s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Employee should therefore consult Employee s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 13. Electronic Delivery and Participation . Employee agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies may deliver in connection with this grant and any other grants offered by the Company, including prospectuses, grant notifications, account statements, annual or quarterly reports, and other communications. Electronic delivery of a document may be made via the Company s email system or by reference to a location on the Company s intranet or website or a website of the Company s agent administering the Plan. By accepting this grant, whether electronically or otherwise, Employee also hereby consents to participate in the Plan through such system, intranet, or website, including but not limited to the use of electronic signatures or click-through electronic acceptance of terms and conditions. 
 
 14. English Language . Employee acknowledges and agrees that it is Employee s express intent that this Agreement and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. Employee acknowledges that Employee is sufficiently proficient in English, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow Employee to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. To the extent Employee has been provided with a copy of this Agreement, the Plan, or any other documents relating to this Award in a language other than English, the English language documents will prevail in case of any ambiguities or divergences as a result of translation. 
 
 15. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Country-Specific Addendum to this Agreement (the Addendum ). Moreover, if Employee transfers to one of the countries included in such Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Employee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or 

advisable to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Employee s transfer). The Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 
 16. Not a Public Offering . The award of the Restricted Stock Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Employee s country of employment (or country of residence, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and the award of the Restricted Stock Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. No employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies is permitted to advise Employee on whether he she should participate in the Plan. Acquiring shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to participate in the Plan, Employee should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan and carefully review all of the materials related to the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan. In addition, Employee should consult with his her personal advisor for professional investment advice. 
 
 17. Repatriation Compliance with Law . Employee agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in Employee s country of employment (and country of residence, if different). In addition, Employee agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, as may be required to allow the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment (and country of residence, if different). Finally, Employee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Employee s personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment and country of residence, if different). 
 
 18. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Employee s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units, and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Employee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 19. Committee s Powers . No provision contained in this Agreement shall in any way terminate, modify or alter, or be construed or interpreted as terminating, modifying or altering any of the powers, rights or authority vested in the Committee or, to the extent delegated, in its delegate, pursuant to the terms of the Plan or resolutions adopted in furtherance of the Plan, including, without limitation, the right to make certain determinations and elections with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 20. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors to the Company and all persons lawfully claiming under Employee. 
 
 21. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflict of laws, except to the extent that it implicates matters which are the subject of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which matters shall be governed by the latter law. For purposes of resolving any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby agree that any such dispute that cannot be resolved by the parties shall be submitted for resolution through the Halliburton Dispute Resolution Program, pursuant to which the last step is final and binding arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that in addition to any other rights or remedies they may have, that either party shall be entitled, if it so elects, to institute a proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain a preliminary injunction (with each waiving the other s obligation, if any, to post bond) in order to prevent activities in violation of the Agreement and to maintain the status quo pending resolution of the parties dispute in accordance with the Halliburton Dispute Resolution Program. 
 
 22. U.S. Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice . Employee is hereby notified in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a U.S. federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely 

for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation against the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the Company s trade secrets to the Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 23. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more of the provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible, and if it cannot be so reformed and construed, as if such unenforceable provision, or part thereof, had never been contained herein. The Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicit, and Non-Compete in this Agreement shall be separate, independent and concurrently enforceable with other employee agreements that have been signed by Employee. In the event such provisions of an agreement is determined by an adjudicator as not to be enforceable, any other concurrently enforceable provisions may still be enforced. 
 
 24. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to Employee s (or any other participant s) compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 

Halliburton Company 
 Stock and Incentive Plan (the Plan 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement 
 Country-Specific Addendum 

This Addendum includes additional country specific notices, disclaimers, and or terms and conditions that may apply if Employee lives and or works in one of the countries listed in this Addendum and that may be material to Employee s participation in the Plan. This information is based on applicable securities, foreign exchange and other laws that may subject Employee to obligations that Employee solely is responsible for. However, such laws are often complex and change frequently, and the information provided is general in nature and may not apply to Employee s specific situation. As such, the Company cannot assure Employee of any particular result, and Employee should seek his her own professional legal and tax advice. Unless otherwise noted, capitalized terms shall take the definitions assigned to them under the Plan and the Agreement. This Addendum forms part of the Agreement and should be read in conjunction with the Plan. 
 
 European Union EU European Economic Area Countries and the United Kingdom Data Privacy 
 The following provision replaces Paragraph 11 of the Agreement in its entirety 
 The Company, with its registered address at 3000 North Sam Houston Parkway East, Houston, Texas U.S.A. is the controller responsible for the processing of Employee s data by the Company and the third parties noted below. 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, Employee is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes and uses certain personal information about Employee for the legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan and generally administering equity awards specifically Employee s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Restricted Stock Units, any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in Employee s favor, which the Company receives from Employee or the Employer Personal Data ). In granting the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, the Company will collect, process, use and disclose (collectively, Processing Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the Processing of Personal Data is the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan, administering employee equity awards and complying with its contractual and statutory obligations, as well as the necessity of the Processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and the Plan. Employee s refusal to provide Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect Employee s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, Employee voluntarily acknowledges the Processing of his her Personal Data as described herein. More information about how the Company collects, processes, protects, and transfers Personal Data, as well as the rights of Employees in relation to their Personal Data, is found in the Employee Privacy Notice available on HalWorld. 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company transfers Personal Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC, an independent service provider based, in relevant part, in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share Personal Data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider will open an account for Employee to receive and trade shares of Stock. The Processing and transfer of Personal Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating the Plan. When receiving Employee s Personal Data, Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC provides appropriate safeguards in accordance with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. By participating in the Plan, Employee understands that the service provider will Process and transfer Employee s Personal Data for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing his her participation in the Plan. 

Algeria Settlement in Cash 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to Paragraph 4 of the Agreement, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 Angola Settlement in Cash 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to Paragraph 4 of the Agreement, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 Argentina Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock are not publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Certain restrictions and requirements may apply if and when Employee transfers proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock into Argentina. 
 Please note that exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to change. Employee should speak with his her personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that Employee may have prior to acquiring or selling shares of Stock or remitting funds into Argentina, as Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control laws. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 If Employee is an Argentine tax resident, Employee must report any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan and held by Employee on December 31st of each year on Employee's annual tax return for that year. 

Australia Securities Law Notice 
 This disclosure has been prepared in connection with offers to employees in Australia under the Plan. It has been prepared to ensure that this grant and any other grant under the Plan (the Offer satisfies the conditions for exemptions granted by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC under ASIC Class Order 14 1000. 
 Any advice given to Employee in connection with the Offer is general advice only. It does not take into account the objectives, financial situation and needs of any particular person. Employee should consider obtaining Employee s own financial product advice from an independent person licensed by the ASIC to give such advice. The Company will make available at any time, upon Employee s request, the Australian dollar equivalent (as applicable) of the current market price of the underlying shares of Stock subject to Employee s Restricted Stock Unit grant. The Australian dollar equivalent will be calculated using the relevant exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of Australia on the business day prior to the date of Employee s request. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at 
 http www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.html 
 Risk of Participation in the Plan 
 Participation in the Plan and acquiring shares of Stock carries inherent risks. Employee should carefully consider these risks in light of Employee s investment objectives and personal circumstances. Employee should be aware that in addition to fluctuation in value caused by the performance of the Company, the Australian dollar value of Employee s shares of Stock will be affected by the US AUD exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuation in this rate of exchange. 
 There is no guarantee that the price of the shares of Stock will increase. Factors which may affect the price of the shares of Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and general operational and business risks. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding a specified amount (currently AUD 10,000) and international fund transfers. The Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report. If there is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, Employee will be required to file the report. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements. 
 Tax Information 
 The Plan is a program to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the ITAA applies (subject to the conditions in the ITAA). 

Azerbaijan Securities Law Notice 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee understands that the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials Employee may receive regarding Employee s participation in the Plan does not constitute advertising or the offering of securities in Azerbaijan. The issuance of securities pursuant to the Plan has not been and will not be registered in Azerbaijan and therefore, the securities described in any Plan related documents may not be used for sale or public circulation in Azerbaijan. Further, Employee understands that the shares of Stock delivered upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units will be deposited into a designated brokerage account in the United States and in no event will the shares of Stock be delivered to Employee in Azerbaijan. Any disposition or sale of such shares of Stock must take place outside of Azerbaijan, which will be the case if the shares of Stock are sold on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Bangladesh Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units shall not be publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Bangladesh. The offer is intended to be private and the Agreement does not constitute a prospectus for purposes of the 1969 Securities and Exchange Ordinance, as amended. 
 Belgium Foreign Ownership Exchange Information 
 If Employee is a Belgian resident, Employee is required to report any securities e.g. , shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) or bank account (including brokerage account) established outside of Belgium on Employee s annual tax return. In a separate report, Employee is required to provide the National Bank of Belgium with the account details of any such foreign accounts. Employee should consult with his her personal tax advisor to determine Employee s personal reporting obligations. 
 Stock Exchange Tax Information 
 A stock exchange tax will apply to transactions executed by a Belgian resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary, such as a U.S. broker. The stock exchange tax likely will apply when shares of Stock acquired under the Plan are sold. Belgian residents should consult with a personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on their obligations with respect to the stock exchange tax. 
 Annual Securities Accounts Tax Information 
 An annual securities accounts tax may be payable if the total value of the securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account e.g. , shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) exceeds a certain threshold on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period i.e. , December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). In such case, the tax will be due on the value of the qualifying securities held in such account. 

Bolivia Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock are not publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Bolivia. The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Bolivian governmental authority. 
 Brazil Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that for all legal purposes, (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to Employee s employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of Employee s employment and (iii) the income from the Restricted Stock Units, if any, is not part of Employee s remuneration from employment. 
 Further, Employee acknowledges that (x) Employee is making an investment decision and (y) the value of the underlying shares of Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to Employee. 
 Compliance with Law 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Foreign Ownership Exchange Information 
 The regulations of the Central Bank of Brazil governing investments abroad are subject to change at any time, and such changes could affect Employee s ability to receive cash proceeds from Employee s awards. Employee is required to report to the Central Bank of Brazil, on a yearly basis, the value of any and all assets held abroad (including Company shares) if the value of such assets equals or exceeds a specified threshold (currently USD 1,000,000 for annual declarations and USD 100,000,000 for quarterly declarations), as well as any capital gain, dividend or profit attributable to such assets. 
 Brunei Darussalam Securities Law Notice 
 The grant of Restricted Stock Units is made pursuant to a private offering exemption under Section 117 of the Securities Markets Order, 2013 SMO on which basis it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements under the SMO and is also exempt from the capital markets services licensing requirements under Section 159(1)(d) as being the administration of an employee participation scheme. In addition, by accepting this grant, Employee agrees not to sell any shares of Stock within two (2) years of the date of grant. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. 

Bulgaria Foreign Exchange Information 
 Employee will be required to file statistical forms with the Bulgarian National Bank annually regarding Employee s receivables in foreign bank accounts as well as securities held abroad e.g. , shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) if the total sum of all such receivables and securities equals or exceeds a specified threshold (currently BGN 50,000) as of the previous calendar year-end. Employee is personally responsible for complying with the applicable exchange control requirements in Bulgaria. 
 Canada Settlement of Restricted Stock Units 
 The grant of the Restricted Stock Units does not provide any right for Employee to receive a cash payment the Restricted Stock Units will be settled only in shares of Stock. 
 Termination of Employment 
 This provision replaces Paragraph 3(c) of the Agreement 
 In the event of a termination of Employee s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated companies for any reason except as otherwise provided in this Paragraph 3, Employee shall, for no consideration, forfeit all Restricted Stock Units to the extent they are not fully vested as of the Termination Date. For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee's Termination Date will occur on, and Employee's right (if any) to earn, seek damages in lieu of, vest in or otherwise benefit from any portion of the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to this Agreement will be measured by, the date that is the earliest of 
 i. the date Employee's employment with the Employer is terminated for any reason and 
 ii. the date Employee receives written notice of termination from the Employer 
 regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under local law. For greater certainty, Employee will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which Employee's right to vest terminates, nor will Employee be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, Employee's right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, if any, will terminate effective upon the expiry of the minimum statutory notice period, but Employee will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the statutory notice period, nor will Employee be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 If Employee is a Canadian resident, Employee s ownership of certain foreign property (including shares of foreign corporations) in excess of a specified threshold (currently CAD 100,000) may be subject to ongoing annual reporting obligations. Employee should refer to CRA Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) and consult his her tax advisor for further details. It is Employee s responsibility to comply with all applicable tax reporting requirements. 
 Data Privacy 
 The following provision supplements Paragraph 11 of the Agreement 
 Employee hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. Employee further authorizes the Company and any Subsidiary or affiliated company and the administrator of the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. Employee further authorizes the Company and any Subsidiary or affiliated company to record such information and to keep such information in Employee s employee file. 
 Consent to Receive Information in English (Quebec Employees) 
 Employee acknowledges that it is the express wish of the parties that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be written in English. 
 Le Salari reconna t avoir express ment exig la r daction en anglais du pr sent Contrat, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaires intent es, en vertu du pr sent Contrat ou se rapportant directement ou indirectement au pr sent Contrat. 

China Foreign Exchange Information 
 The following terms apply only to nationals of the People s Republic of China China or the PRC residing in mainland China, unless otherwise determined by the Company 
 Employee agrees to hold the shares of Stock received upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with the Company s Stock Plan Administrator until the shares of Stock are sold. 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee understands and agrees that Employee will be required to immediately repatriate all proceeds due to Employee from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. Further, Employee understands that such repatriation will need to be effected through a special exchange control account established by the Company or its affiliated company in the PRC, and Employee hereby agrees that the proceeds may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to Employee and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. Employee acknowledges that neither the Company nor the Stock Plan Administrator is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. 
 The proceeds may be paid to Employee in U.S. dollars or in local currency, at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid in U.S. dollars, Employee understands that Employee will be required to set up and maintain a U.S. dollar bank account in the PRC so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account. Employee understands that if Employee fails to set up such account or fails to provide the requested details to the Company, Employee might not be able to receive sale proceeds or the delivery of proceeds may be delayed. If the proceeds are paid in local currency, Employee acknowledges that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies is under an obligation to secure any particular currency conversion rate and that the Company or any Subsidiaries and affiliated companies may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control requirements in the PRC. Employee agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the time the proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to Employee. Employee further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future to facilitate compliance with PRC exchange control requirements. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, due to exchange control regulations in the PRC, Employee understands and agrees that, to the extent Restricted Stock Units remain outstanding after Employee s termination of employment, such Restricted Stock Units will be cancelled on the 90th day following Employee s termination of employment or within such other period as determined by the Company or required by the China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ). Further, Employee will be required to sell shares of Stock Employee holds within 90 days following Employee s termination of employment or within such other period as determined by the Company or required by the SAFE (the Mandatory Sale Date ). This includes any portion of shares of Stock that vest upon Employee s termination of employment. Employee understands that any shares of Stock held by Employee under the Plan that have not been sold by the Mandatory Sale Date will automatically be sold by the Company s Stock Plan Administrator at the Company s direction (on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent). 
 Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses Employee may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the terms of the Plan, the Agreement, and the Restricted Stock Units in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable rules, regulations, requirements and approvals issued by SAFE. 
 Internal Control Policy 
 Employee understands that the Restricted Stock Units are also subject to the separate Internal Control Policy for Employees in the PRC, which is provided by Employee s Human Resources Department. Employee understands that he she can contact the Human Resources Department for a copy of the policy. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 If Employee is a Chinese resident, Employee may be required to report to SAFE all details of Employee s foreign financial assets and liabilities, as well as details of any economic transactions conducted with non-PRC residents. Employee should consult with his her personal tax advisor to determine Employee s personal reporting obligations. 
 Colombia Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Restricted Stock Units and related benefits do not constitute a component of Employee s salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, the Restricted Stock Units and related benefits will not be included and or considered to calculate any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable, to the fullest extent possible in accordance to Article 30 of Law 1393. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered in the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Plan, the Agreement or any other document evidencing the grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 Prior approval from a government authority is not required to hold foreign securities or to receive an equity award. However, once Employee s Restricted Stock Units have vested (i.e., when Employee becomes owner of the shares of Stock), such investments must be registered with the Colombian central bank Banco de la Rep blica , Central Bank ), at any moment, by filing a Form No. 11. Upon sale or other disposition of any shares of Stock registered with the Central Bank, Employee is required to cancel the registration and repatriate the proceeds to Colombia and Employee will be required to file with Employee s local bank the corresponding foreign exchange form reflecting the divestment. 
 Denmark Stock Option Act 
 Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Restricted Stock Units upon a termination of employment (as determined by the Company, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel) shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationship (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of Employee s termination date. Employee acknowledges having received an Employer Statement in Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 

Egypt Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee transfers funds into Egypt in connection with the Restricted Stock Units (including proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock), the funds transfer must occur through a registered bank in Egypt. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Egypt. 
 Data Retention 
 The Egyptian Labor Law (the Labor Law requires employers to keep files of all relevant employee information of their former employees for a period of one (1) year from the end of the employment. 
 France Nature of Restricted Stock Units 
 The Restricted Stock Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 Employee must report shares of Stock held outside of France and foreign bank accounts to the French tax authorities when filing Employee s annual tax return. 
 Language Consent 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee confirms having read and understood the Plan and the Agreement which were provided in the English language. Employee accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant les droits sur des actions assujettis des restrictions Restricted Stock Units ), le Salari confirme avoir lu et compris le Plan et le Contrat qui ont t fournis en langue anglaise. Le Salari accepte les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 

Germany Foreign Exchange Information 
 Cross-border payments in excess of a specified threshold (currently EUR 12,500) must be reported to the Servicezentrum Au enwirtschaftsstatistik , which is the competent federal office of the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In case of payments in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of shares of Stock or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was received and must be filed electronically. The form of report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. Employee is responsible for satisfying the applicable reporting obligation. In addition, reporting may be required if the value of the shares of Stock acquired upon vesting exceeds the threshold. If the Employer does not handle the reporting in such case, Employee will be obligated to do so. 
 If Employee s acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan leads to a so-called qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, Employee will need to report the acquisition when filing his or her annual tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained only in the unlikely event (i) Employee owns at least 1 of the Company and the value of the shares of Stock acquired exceeds EUR 150,000 or (ii) Employee holds Company shares exceeding 10 of the Company s total common stock. 
 India Repatriation Requirement 
 Employee expressly agrees to repatriate all sale proceeds and dividends attributable to shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from Employee s failure to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Employee is required to declare foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Stock held outside of India and, possibly, Restricted Stock Units) in Employee's annual tax return. It is Employee's responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation. Employee should consult his her personal tax advisor in this regard. 
 Indonesia Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Indonesia or to any Indonesian nationals, corporations or residents, including by way of invitation, offering or advertisement, and this document and any other offering material relating to the Restricted Stock Units have not been distributed, and will not be distributed, in Indonesia or to any Indonesian nationals, corporations or residents in a manner which would constitute a public offering in Indonesia. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee is an Indonesian resident and remits funds in foreign currency (including dividends and proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock) into Indonesia, the Indonesian Bank through which the transaction is made will submit a transaction report to the Bank of Indonesia for reporting purposes. For transactions equal to or exceeding a certain threshold amount, the underlying document must be submitted to the relevant local bank. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Employee has the obligation to report his her worldwide assets (including foreign accounts and shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) in Employee's annual individual income tax return. For foreign currency transactions exceeding a specified threshold, the underlying document of that transaction will have to be submitted to the relevant local bank. In addition, if there is a change of position of any of the foreign assets Employee holds (including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan), Employee must report this change in position (e.g., sale of shares of Stock) to the Bank of Indonesia no later than the 15th day of the month following the change in position. 

Iraq Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock are not publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Iraq. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that for all legal purposes, (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to Employee s employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of Employee s employment and (iii) the income from the Restricted Stock Units, if any, is not part of Employee s remuneration from employment. 
 Compliance with Law 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees to comply with applicable laws in Iraq and to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Italy Plan Document Acknowledgement 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee acknowledges that Employee has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. Employee further acknowledges having read and specifically approves the following sections of the Agreement Vesting of Restricted Stock Units Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units, Settlement of Restricted Stock Units, Withholding of Tax, Nature of Grant, Imposition of Other Requirements, Governing Law and Forum and the Data Privacy provision for the EU EEA in this Addendum. 
 Foreign Ownership Information 
 If at any time during the fiscal year Employee holds foreign financial assets (including cash and shares of Stock) that may generate income taxable in Italy, Employee is required to report these assets on Employee s annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held, or on a special form if no tax return is due. These reporting obligations also will apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. Employee should consult with Employee s personal tax advisor to determine his her personal reporting obligations. 
 Japan Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee acquires shares of Stock valued at more than a specified amount (currently JPY 100 million) in a single transaction, Employee must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance MOF through the Bank of Japan within 20 days of the receipt of the shares of Stock. 
 Further, if Employee is a Japanese resident, Employee will be required to report details of any assets (including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) held outside of Japan as of December 31 of each year, to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding a specified threshold (currently JPY 50 million). Employee should consult with his her personal tax advisor to determine Employee s personal reporting obligations. 

Kazakhstan Securities Law Notice 
 Neither the Agreement nor the Plan has been approved, nor do they need to be approved, by the National Bank of Kazakhstan. This offer is intended only for the original recipient and is not for general circulation in the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Please note that by choosing to participate in the Plan, Employee hereby consents to have the Employer and the Company be Employee s agent to transfer and or hold funds, shares of Stock, or sale proceeds for and on Employee s behalf. 
 In addition, the Kazakhstani Law on Currency Regulation and Currency Control requires currency repatriation. Therefore, if Employee sells his her securities or receives dividends, Employee must transfer the proceeds to an account(s) with a Kazakhstani authorized bank. 
 Tax Disclosure 
 Employee may be required to disclose shares of Stock held to the local tax authority by way of filing a tax return. Currently, the tax return must be filed not later than 31 March of the year following the reporting year. 
 Kenya Tax Registration Notice 
 Under Tax Procedure Act, 2015, Employee is required to complete and submit a tax registration to the Commissioner of Income Tax within 30 days after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. The registration should be completed through the online portal ITAX. Employee should consult his her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. Employee is personally responsible for ensuring compliance with all registration requirements in Kenya. 
 Korea Data Privacy 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units 
 Employee agrees to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Paragraph 11 of the Agreement and 
 Employee agrees to the processing of Employee s unique identifying information as described in Paragraph 11 of the Agreement . 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 If Employee is a Korean resident, he she is required to declare all foreign financial accounts (e.g., non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts holding shares of Stock, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report regarding such accounts if the monthly balance of such accounts exceeds a specified threshold (currently KRW 500 million, or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date during a calendar year. It is Employee's responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation. Employee should consult his her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this requirement. 

Kuwait Securities Law Notice 
 The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Kuwait pursuant to Law No. 7 of 2010, as amended (establishing the Capital Markets Authority) and its implementing regulations. The information contained herein is intended solely for Employee s use it is confidential and privileged and is not intended to be circulated to any other person or party other than eligible employees or published by any means. Employee may not rely on the information contained herein for any purpose other than in relation to this offer and any share purchase or award hereunder. 
 Malaysia Director Notification Obligations 
 If Employee is a director of the Company s Malaysian Subsidiary, Employee is subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act 2016 with regards to the acquisition or disposal of shares of Stock, or rights or options in respect of the acquisition or disposal of the shares of Stock or participatory interests made available by the Company s Malaysian Subsidiary or any related company. Such notification must be made within 14 days from the date of Employee s acquisition or disposal of any such shares of Stock, rights or options. Employee should contact his her personal legal advisor for further details if Employee is a director. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The offer of the Restricted Stock Units in Malaysia constitutes or relates to an excluded offer, excluded invitation, or excluded issue pursuant to Section 229 and Section 230 of the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 CMSA ), and as a consequence no prospectus is required to be registered with the Securities Commission of Malaysia. The Restricted Stock Units documents do not constitute and may not be used for the purpose of a public offering or an issue, offer for subscription or purchase, invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities requiring the registration of a prospectus with the Securities Commission in Malaysia under the CMSA. 

Mexico Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 The invitation the Company is making under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and is not related to the salary and other contractual benefits granted to Employee by the Employer therefore, benefits derived from the Plan will not under any circumstance be considered as an integral part of Employee s salary. The Company reserves the absolute right to amend the Plan and discontinue it at any time without incurring any liability whatsoever. This invitation and, in Employee s case, the acquisition of shares of Stock does not, in any way, establish a labor relationship between Employee and the Company, nor does it establish any rights between Employee and the Employer. 
 La invitaci n que la Empresa hace en relaci n con el Plan es unilateral, discrecional y no se relaciona con el salario ni con otros beneficios que recibe el Empleado del Patr n por lo que ning n beneficio derivado del Plan ser considerado bajo ninguna circunstancia como parte integral del salario del Empleado. La Empresa se reserva el derecho absoluto para modificar o terminar el Plan en cualquier momento, sin incurrir en responsabilidad alguna. Esta invitaci n y, en caso del Empleado, la adquisici n de valores de acciones, de ninguna manera establecen relaci n laboral alguna entre el Empleado y la Empresa y tampoco genera derecho alguno entre el Empleado y el Patr n. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 Any Restricted Stock Units offered under the Plan and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan and any other document relating to any Restricted Stock Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to Employee only because of his or her existing relationship with the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 

New Zealand Securities Law Notice 
 This is an offer of Restricted Stock Units over shares of common stock of Halliburton Company Halliburton ). Halliburton shares give Employee a stake in the ownership of Halliburton. Employee may receive a return if dividends or dividend equivalents are paid. 
 If Halliburton runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, Employee will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. Employee may lose some or all of Employee s investment. 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors make an informed decision. 
 The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, Employee may not be given all the information usually required. Employee will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 Employee should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing himself or herself. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if Employee acquires shares of Stock under the Plan, Employee may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 Employee is entitled to receive, free of charge, a copy of Halliburton s latest annual report, financial statements and auditor s report if Employee makes a request to Halliburton to receive a copy of those documents. Employee may obtain such information by sending an email to the Halliburton Equity Compensation Department at FHALEquityComp halliburton.com. 
 Employee is hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for Employee s review on Halliburton s external (www.halliburton.com) and or internal sites (HALWorld) as well as via Employee s Stock Plan Account 
 Halliburton s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) 
 Halliburton s most recent published financial statements 
 The Plan Document 
 The Plan Prospectus 
 The Agreement (of which this Addendum is a part) available only via Employee s Stock Plan Account 
 Oman Securities Law Notice 
 The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Oman and consequently has not been registered or approved by the Central Bank of Oman, the Omani Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Omani Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of Oman. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies. 

Pakistan Exchange Control Information 
 Employee s participation in the Plan may be subject to certain terms and conditions imposed by the State Bank of Pakistan. Employee is required to immediately repatriate to Pakistan the proceeds from any dividends or from the sale of shares of Stock. Employee may be required to register ownership of foreign shares with the State Bank of Pakistan using the prescribed Form V-100. Employee should consult Employee s personal advisor prior to repatriation of any proceeds from dividends or from the sale of shares of Stock to ensure compliance with applicable exchange control regulations in Pakistan, as such regulations are subject to change. Please note that Employee should keep copies of any documents, certificates or invoices involving foreign currency transactions in connection with Employee s participation in the Plan. Employee personally is responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in Pakistan. 
 Panama Securities Law Notice 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities, as they are available only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and the offer is not subject to the protections established by the Panamanian securities laws. 
 Papua New Guinea Foreign Exchange Information 
 Before receiving funds from the sale of any securities abroad, Employee will need to apply for and receive an Income Tax Clearance Certificate from the taxation authorities in Papua New Guinea, which Employee must then lodge with the appropriate Bank of Papua New Guinea notification form with the commercial bank in which the transaction takes place. 
 Peru Securities Law Notice 
 The offer of Restricted Stock Units is considered a private offering in Peru and therefore is not subject to registration. For more information concerning this offer, please refer to the Plan, the Agreement and any other grant documents made available by the Company. For more information regarding the Company, please refer to the Company s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q available at www.sec.gov. 
 Poland Foreign Ownership Reporting 
 If Employee is a Polish resident, Employee is required to file quarterly reports with the National Bank of Poland that include information on transactions and balances regarding Employee s rights to shares of Stock (such as Restricted Stock Units) and shares of Stock if the total value (calculated individually or together with other assets and liabilities possessed abroad) exceeds a specified threshold (currently PLN seven (7) million). 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Employee is required to transfer funds through a bank account in Poland if the transferred amount in any single transaction exceeds a specified threshold (currently EUR 15,000). Employee also is required to retain documents connected with foreign exchange transactions for a period of five (5) years, calculated from the end of the year in which the exchange transaction was made. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Poland. 

Romania Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee deposits the proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock in a bank account in Romania, Employee may be required to provide the Romanian bank with appropriate documentation explaining the source of the funds. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Romania. 
 Russia Securities Law Notice 
 Neither this offer nor the distribution of related documentation constitutes the public circulation of securities in Russia. Employee will receive shares of Stock in a brokerage account held in Employee s name outside of Russia, but a stock certificate will not be issued to Employee. Employee agrees to keep the shares of Stock with a foreign broker or custodian outside Russia and perform any transactions with the shares of Stock on the foreign stock exchange. Employee is not permitted to transfer any shares of Stock received under any Company employee equity program into Russia. 
 Exchange Control Obligations 
 Employee may be required to repatriate certain cash amounts received with respect to the Restricted Stock Units to Russia as soon as Employee intends to use those cash amounts for any purpose, including reinvestment. If the repatriation requirement applies, such funds must initially be credited to Employee through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the funds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws. Under the Directive N 5371-U of the Russian Central Bank (the CBR ), the repatriation requirement may not apply in certain cases with respect to cash amounts received in an account that is considered by the CBR to be a foreign brokerage account. Statutory exceptions to the repatriation requirement also may apply. Employee should contact his or her personal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable exchange control requirements prior to vesting in the Restricted Stock Units and selling shares of Stock. 
 Foreign Accounts and Transactions Reporting 
 If Employee is a Russian citizen, Employee is required to file the following reports or notifications with the Russian tax authorities, if applicable (i) annual cash flow reporting for an offshore brokerage account (due by June 1 each year for the previous year) (ii) financial asset (including shares of Stock) reporting for an offshore brokerage account (due by June 1 each year for the previous year, with the first reporting due by June 1, 2022 for calendar year 2021) and (ii) a one-time notification within one month of opening, closing, or changing details of an offshore brokerage account. Employee should consult his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable requirements . 
 Anti-Corruption Legislation Information 
 Individuals holding public office in Russia, as well as their spouses and dependent children, may be prohibited from opening or maintaining a foreign brokerage or bank account and holding any securities, whether acquired directly or indirectly, in a foreign company (including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan). Employee should consult with his her personal legal advisor to determine whether this restriction applies to his her circumstances. 
 Senegal Tax Registration Notice 
 Employee may be required to submit a copy of the Agreement to the tax authorities within one (1) month after the date the Restricted Stock Units are granted and to pay any applicable registration fee. It is Employee s responsibility to submit the registration and pay the fee. 

Singapore Securities Law Notice 
 This grant of Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock to be issued upon the vesting of such Restricted Stock Units shall be made available only to employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, in reliance of the prospectus exemption set out in Section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore. In addition, Employee agrees, by Employee s acceptance of this grant, not to sell any shares of Stock within six (6) months after the date of grant. Please note that neither this Agreement nor any other document or material in connection with this offer of the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock thereunder has been or will be lodged, registered or reviewed by any regulatory authority in Singapore. 
 Director Notification Obligation 
 If Employee is a director or shadow director of the Company or related company, Employee may be subject to special reporting requirements with regard to the acquisition of shares of Stock or rights over shares of Stock. If Employee is the Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company or related company and the above notification requirements are determined to apply to the CEO of the Company or related company, the above notification requirements also may apply to Employee. Employee should contact his her personal legal advisor for further details if Employee is a director, shadow director or CEO of the Company or related company. 
 Spain Securities Law Notice 
 No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement have been nor will they be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish securities regulator), and they do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder, Employee consents to participation in the Plan and acknowledges that Employee has received a copy of the Plan. 
 Employee understands that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to grant any Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to certain individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision, which is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any Restricted Stock Units granted will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any affiliated companies on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, Employee understands that the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are given on the assumption and condition that they shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Further, Employee understands and freely accepts that the future value of the Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Stock is unknown and unpredictable. In addition, Employee understands that any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, Employee understands, acknowledges and freely accepts that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of Restricted Stock Units or right to Restricted Stock Units shall be null and void. 
 Further, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is expressly conditioned on Employee s continued and active employment, such that if Employee s employment terminates for any reason whatsoever, the Restricted Stock Units may cease vesting immediately, in whole or in part, effective on the Termination Date (unless otherwise specifically provided in the Agreement). This will be the case, for example, even if (i) Employee is considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause (i.e., subject to a despido improcedente (ii) Employee is dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal (iii) Employee terminates employment due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition (iv) Employee terminates employment due to a unilateral breach of contract by the Company or the Employer or (v) Employee s employment terminates for any other reason whatsoever. Consequently, upon termination of Employee s employment for any of the above reasons, Employee may automatically lose any rights to the Restricted Stock Units that were not vested on the Employee s Termination Date, as described in the Agreement and the Plan. 
 Exchange Control Information 
 To participate in the Plan, Employee must comply with exchange control regulations in Spain. Employee is required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the shares of Stock held in such accounts, depending on the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 of the prior tax year. 
 Employee also must declare any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to the D irecci n General de Comercio e Inversiones of the Ministry of Industry, Tourism and Commerce (the DGCI ). After the initial declaration, the declaration must be filed with the DGCI on a Form D-6 on an annual basis each January while the shares of Stock are owned. However, if the value of the shares of Stock acquired under the Plan or the amount of the sale proceeds exceeds a certain threshold (currently EUR 1,502,530), the declaration must be filed within one (1) month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable. 
 Foreign Asset and Account Reporting 
 Employee understands that if Employee holds assets e.g. , shares of Stock or cash held in a bank or brokerage account) outside of Spain with a value in excess of a certain threshold (currently EUR 50,000) per type of asset e.g. , shares of Stock, cash, etc.) as of December 31, Employee is required to report certain information regarding such assets on tax Form 720. After such assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply for subsequent years if the value of any previously-reported assets increases by more than a specified amount (currently EUR 20,000) or if Employee sells or otherwise disposes of previously-reported assets. The reporting must be completed by the following March 31. 
 Switzerland Securities Law Notice 
 Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Restricted Stock Units (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to Article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). 

Thailand Foreign Exchange Information 
 If Employee is a Thai resident and Employee realizes sale proceeds equaling or exceeding a specified threshold (currently USD 1,000,000) in a single transaction, Employee is required to repatriate the cash proceeds to Thailand immediately following the receipt of such proceeds and then either convert such repatriation proceeds into Thai Baht or deposit the proceeds into a foreign currency account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand within 360 days of repatriation. Further, Employee must specifically report the inward remittance to the commercial bank in Thailand. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Thailand. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 The Agreement and the Plan, including benefits provided thereunder, are separate arrangements between Employee and the Company and are unrelated to Employee s employment with the Thai Subsidiary. The Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of Employee s employment with the Thai Subsidiary. Any income recognized under the Agreement and the Plan, if any, is not part of Employee s remuneration from employment with the Thai Subsidiary. 
 Trinidad Securities Law Notice 
 The grant of Restricted Stock Units is intended to satisfy the conditions for exemptions granted by the Trinidad and Tobago Securities and Exchange Commission. In the event this grant does not satisfy the applicable conditions, the same must be registered under the Securities Act, Chap. 83 02. 
 United Arab Emirates Securities Law Notice 
 The Plan has not been approved or licensed by the UAE Central Bank or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan is strictly private and confidential and has not been reviewed by, deposited or registered with the UAE Central Bank or any other licensing authority or governmental agencies in the United Arab Emirates. This Plan is being issued from outside the United Arab Emirates to a limited number of employees of the Company and its affiliated companies and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. Further, the information contained in this report is not intended to lead to the issue of any securities or the conclusion of any other contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the United Arab Emirates. 

United Kingdom Withholding of Taxes 
 This provision shall supplement Paragraph 8 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation to Paragraph 8 of the Agreement, Employee agrees that Employee is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Employee also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on Employee s behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee is a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Employee is a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by Employee within ninety (90) days after the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit to Employee on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. Employee acknowledges that Employee ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying the Company or the Employer (as applicable) the amount of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from Employee at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Paragraph 8 of the Agreement. 
 Exclusion of Claim 
 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Employee ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of employment (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, Employee shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 Venezuela Securities Law Notice 
 The offer of Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock that may be issued under the Plan is personal, private, exclusive and non-transferable and is not subject to Venezuelan government securities regulations. 
 Foreign Exchange Information 
 Venezuelan exchange control rules may apply in connection with Employee s participation in the Plan and the transfer of cash proceeds into Venezuela. Following the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, Employee may be subject to certain restrictions and compliance duties if Employee attempts to transfer such cash proceeds into Venezuela. Employee is personally responsible for complying with applicable exchange control requirements in Venezuela. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Plan, as well as any benefits or advantages Employee might eventually receive as a result of the receipt and sale of any shares of Stock, constitute commercial items governed by the commercial laws of the United States and will be the result of market forces driving the price of the shares of Stock which are not dependent upon Employee s performance as an employee and, as result, will not constitute part of Employee s salary for any purposes. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 
 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY 

By 
 
 Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 I HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT DATED Grant Date . 
 
 Electronic Signature 
 
 Acceptance Date 

RSUUSX522 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 5
 hal_12312022-ex1041.htm
 FORM OF PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Document 

PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

Grant Date Grant Date 
 
 Grantee Employee Participant Name 
 
 Aggregate Number of Performance Share Units Subject to Award (the Plan Amount Number_Units 

This PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of Grant Date , between HALLIBURTON COMPANY , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Participant Name Employee ). 
 
 1. Award of Units . As a participant in the 2023 cycle (the 2023 Cycle of the Halliburton Company Performance Unit Program (the PUP ), which has been established under the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), fifty percent of Employee s payout for the 2023 Cycle will be in the form of shares of Company common stock, par value USD 2.50 per share Stock ). Accordingly, Employee is hereby awarded the number of units equal to the Plan Amount, evidencing the right to receive shares of Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the PUP. The units granted pursuant to this Agreement are referred to as the Performance Share Units . 
 
 2. PUP and Plan Incorporated . Employee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the PUP and Plan and agrees that this award of Performance Share Units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the PUP and Plan, including future amendments thereto. The PUP and Plan are incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement. Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning ascribed to them under the PUP and Plan. 
 
 3. Determination of the Final Number of Performance Share Units . 
 
 (a) Performance Goals and Measures. The 2023 Cycle describes how the final number of Performance Share Units will be calculated according to this Agreement. The final number of Performance Share Units will be between 0 and 250 of the Plan Amount (the Final Award and will be based on the Compensation Committee s (the Committee determination of (1) the Company s relative average Return on Capital Employed and (2) a relative Total Shareholder Return modifier (collectively, the Performance Goals over the Performance Period. 
 
 (b) Performance Period. The 2023 Cycle begins on January 1, 2023 and ends on December 31, 2025 (the Performance Period ). 
 
 (c) Timing . After the close of the Performance Period, but in no event later than 60 days following the last day of the Performance Period, the Committee shall determine the extent to which the Performance Goals have been achieved in accordance with the 2023 Cycle and will determine the Final Award. Employee must be continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company at all times from the Grant Date until the end of the Performance Period in order to receive the Final Award. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Committee determines that the level of achievement of the Performance Goals does not meet the minimum threshold requirement specified in the 2023 Cycle, then all Performance Share Units will be forfeited. 
 
 4. Forfeiture of Performance Share Units . 
 
 (a) General . Except as provided in this Section 4, if Employee does not remain continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company until the end of the Performance Period, Employee will have no rights under this Agreement and all the Performance Share 

Units will be forfeited as of his or her Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, Termination Date for purposes of this award will be deemed to occur as of the date Employee is no longer actively providing services as an employee, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion, and Employee shall not be considered to be actively providing services during any notice period that may be specified under contract or applicable law with respect to such termination, including any garden leave or similar period, except as may otherwise be permitted in the Company s sole discretion. 
 
 (b) Death or Disability . If Employee s employment with the Company terminates due to death or disability (as determined by the Company) on or before the final day of the Performance Period, then the Company will cause a prorated number of Performance Share Units to be issued to Employee. The pro-rated amount will be equal to the product of (1) and (2) where (1) is the amount Employee would have received under this Agreement based on the actual results of the Performance Goals as determined by the Committee if Employee s employment with the Company had not been terminated due to Employee s death or disability and (2) is a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days Employee was employed during the Performance Period as of the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Performance Period. On the date of settlement pursuant to Section 5, payment will be made to Employee, Employee s legal representative, or the person to whom Employee s rights pass to by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 (c) Retirement . In the event of Employee s retirement (as determined by the Company), Employee will, for no consideration, forfeit all Performance Share Units unless, upon the recommendation of applicable management of the Company and or business unit, the Committee or its delegate, as appropriate, may, in the Committee s or such delegate s sole discretion, approve a pro-rated amount of Performance Share Units. The pro-rated amount will be equal to the product of (1) and (2) where (1) is the amount Employee would have received under this Agreement based on the actual results of the Performance Goals as determined by the Committee if Employee had not retired and (2) is a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days Employee was employed during the Performance Period as of the date of retirement and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Performance Period. Payment will be made to Employee on the date of settlement pursuant to Section 5. 
 
 (d) Settlement of Performance Share Units . Payment of any Final Award shall be made as soon as administratively practicable but in no event later than 75 days after the end of the Performance Period. Settlement of Final Awards are intended to be in the form of shares of Stock provided however, that settlement may be made by a cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock that correspond to the Final Award to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock (i) is prohibited under local law, (ii) would require Employee, the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated company to obtain the approval of any governmental or regulatory body in Employee s country of employment (or residence, if different), (iii) would result in adverse tax consequences to Employee, the Company, or any Subsidiary or affiliated company, or (iv) is administratively burdensome. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, any Final Award shall be immediately forfeited if, at the time such payment would otherwise be made, Employee is in violation of Section 5 of this Agreement, or, where applicable, of any non-solicitation or non-competition covenant of any other written agreement between Employee and the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated company, including, but not limited to, any employment agreement. 
 
 The Company may require Employee to sell such shares of Stock immediately or within a specified period following Employee s termination of employment (in which case Employee hereby agrees that the Company shall have the authority to issue sale instructions in relation to such shares of Stock on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization). 
 
 5. Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicit and Non-Compete Covenants . To further align Employee s interests with the Company s long-term business interests, including the preservation of the Company s goodwill and the protection of the Confidential Business Information (as defined below) that Employee has obtained and will, necessarily continue to receive and rely on, Employee and the Company hereby agree to the following 

(a) Non-Disclosure of Confidential Business Information . Employee agrees that (a) the Company s Confidential Business Information constitutes valuable, special, and unique assets that the Company uses in its business to obtain a competitive advantage over its competitors and (b) the protection of such Confidential Business Information against unauthorized disclosure and Employee s use thereof is of critical importance to the Company in maintaining its competitive position. Employee also acknowledges and agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of such Confidential Business Information or other confidential information would cause irreparable harm to the Company. In consideration of the foregoing, Employee thereby agrees that Employee will not at any time during employment by the Company, and for so long thereafter as the pertinent information or documentation remains confidential, use (either for the benefit of Employee or the benefit of others), publish, disclose, claim ownership of, communicate, divulge or send to others, access, or take, any Confidential Business Information or any confidential information of the Company or its affiliates, including the vendors, consultants, joint ventures, or customers of the Company, except to the extent needed to carry out Employee s obligations to the Company or as otherwise authorized in writing by the Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Business Information or other confidential information would cause irreparable harm to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement does not prevent Employee from (i) making a good faith report of possible violations of applicable law to the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental agency or entity or (ii) making disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or receiving any award for information provided under such whistleblower provisions. 
 
 (b) Non-Solicit and Non-Compete . During Employee s employment with the Company and for one year immediately thereafter, Employee will not, other than on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, as a proprietor, partner, employee, agent or otherwise 
 
 (i) Solicit, directly or indirectly, or cause or permit others to solicit, directly or indirectly, any person (i) formerly employed by the Company during the six (6) month period immediately preceding or following the termination of Employee s employment Former Employee or (ii) employed by the Company Current Employee ). The term solicit includes, but is not limited to, the following (regardless of whether done directly or indirectly) (a) requesting that a Former or Current Employee change employment (b) informing a Former or Current Employee that an opening exists elsewhere (c) assisting a Former or Current Employee in finding employment elsewhere (d) inquiring if a Former or Current Employee knows of anyone who might be interested in a position elsewhere (e) inquiring if a Former or Current Employee might have an interest in employment elsewhere (f) informing others of the name or status of, or other information about, a Former or Current Employee or (g) any other similar conduct, the intended or actual effect of which is that a Former Employee affiliates with another employer or a Current Employee leaves the employment of the Company. 
 
 (ii) Anywhere in the world, directly or indirectly, either (a) solicit, encourage, or induce to terminate or reduce its business with the Company, or (b) provide any products and or services that compete directly with products and or services provided, marketed, and or under development by the Company at any time during the two (2) years preceding the termination of Employee s employment, in both cases, to any person or entity who paid or engaged the Company for products and or services, or who received the benefit of the Company s products and or services, or with whom Employee had any substantial dealings while Employee was employed by the Company, during the two (2) years preceding Employee s termination of employment with the Company. 
 
 (iii) Engage, directly or indirectly, either as a proprietor, stockholder, partner, director, officer, member, employee, consultant, or otherwise, in any existing or future business operating in North America or in any of the ten countries outside of North America that produced the highest revenues for the Company in the year preceding Employee s termination of employment that offers, sells, or provides equipment, 

products or services that compete with the Company s equipment, products or services (each, a Competitive Business ). Nothing in this Section 5 shall prohibit Employee and Employee s affiliates from owning, as passive investors, in the aggregate not more than five percent of equity securities of any Competitive Business. 
 
 (iv) Act in any capacity for or with any Competitive Business, or for or with any of their agents, if in such capacity Employee would, because of the nature of his her role with such Competitive Business and Employee s knowledge of Confidential Business Information, inevitably use and or disclose any Confidential Business Information in his her work for, or on behalf of, the Competitive Business or its agent. 
 
 (v) Otherwise interfere with, disrupt or attempt to disrupt relations between the Company and any of its employees, contractors, vendors, third party business affiliates, or consultants. 
 
 Employee agrees that (a) the covenants contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the Company s business, goodwill, customer and employee relationships and Confidential Business Information, and (b) the compensation and other consideration received by Employee, including the Performance Share Units, are based on Employee s agreement to such covenants. Employee represents and warrants that the time, scope of activity and geographic area restricted by this Agreement are reasonable, especially in the view of the worldwide scope of the business operations of the Company, Employee s position and responsibilities with the Company, and the nature of the Confidential Business Information, that the enforcement of those restrictions contained in this Agreement would not be unduly burdensome to or impose any undue hardship on Employee, and that Employee will be able to earn a reasonable living while abiding by such covenants. 

(c) State Specific Limitations . Employee and the Company hereby further agree that, in spite of anything in the Agreement to the contrary, if and to the extent Employee works for the Company, not including temporary assignments or business travel, in the states mentioned below, the restrictions in Paragraph 5(b) will be revised as set forth below. During any portion of Employee s employment with the Company when Employee is not assigned to one of the states listed below, this Agreement shall be enforceable in its entirety 
 
 (i) California The only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in California shall be Subparagraph (i) and, to the extent necessary to protect the Company s trade secrets, Subparagraphs (iv) and (v). 
 
 (ii) Colorado The provisions of Paragraph 5(b) shall only apply to Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Colorado (i) to the extent necessary to protect trade secrets, within the meaning of C.R.S. 8-2-113(2)(b) or (ii) if Employee is an executive or management personnel or an officer or employee who constitutes professional staff to executive and management personnel, within the meaning of C.R.S. 8-2-113(2)(d). 
 
 (iii) North Dakota All provisions of Paragraph 5(b) will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in North Dakota. For the one-year period immediately following the end of said Employee s employment, the only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply shall be Subparagraph (i) and, to the extent necessary to protect Company s trade secrets and or Confidential Business Information, Subparagraphs (iv) and (v). 
 
 (iv) Oklahoma The only provisions of Paragraph 5(b) that will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Oklahoma shall be 

Subparagraph (i), and to the extent necessary to prevent the direct solicitation of the sale of goods and or services from the customers of the Company, Subparagraph (ii), and to the extent necessary to protect the Company s trade secrets, Subparagraphs (iv) and (v). 
 
 (v) Louisiana The provisions of Paragraph 5(b) will apply during Employee s ongoing (not temporary or business travel) assignment in Louisiana in the following Louisiana parishes and municipalities Acadia, Bienville, Bossier, Caddo, Calcasieu, Cameron, Iberia, Lafayette, Lafourche, Orleans, Plaquemines, Rapides, St. Mary, St. Martin, Terrebonne, and Vermilion. 
 
 (d) Confidential Business Information . As used in this Agreement, the term Confidential Business Information means any and all of the Company s trade secrets, confidential and or proprietary information, and all other information and data that is not generally known to third persons who could derive economic value from its use or disclosure, including, but not limited to, the Company s strategies, methods, products, software, designs, drawings, books, records, data, and technical information concerning its products, equipment, services and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques the methods though which the Company identifies, hires, trains and compensates its employees details regarding the Company s employees, including their compensation, contact information, and their performance and conduct methods to locate and qualify contractors, vendors and third party affiliates the identity of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning the Company s contractors, vendors and third party affiliates the individuals, and their contact Information, at contractors, vendors and third party affiliates with whom the Company has dealt the amounts and types of goods and or services purchased in the past from contractors, vendors and third party affiliates the amounts paid for such past purchases the identity of the Company s customers the individuals, and their contact information, at customers with whom Employee has dealt the amounts and types of products and services purchased in the past by such customers the amount paid for such past purchases, the timing of such past purchases, and the method of payment for such past purchases the Company s plans for future products and services the details of any ongoing or planned negotiations for future products and services and the Company s plans for the future, including without limitation plans for its products and services, for geographic and customer markets, and for marketing, promoting, selling, distributing and providing its products and services. 
 
 6. Shareholder Rights and Dividends . Employee shall have no rights to dividends, dividend equivalents or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the Performance Share Units unless and until such time as the award has been settled by the transfer of shares of Stock to Employee. Upon settlement of the Final Award, any dividends Employee would have earned had he or she held the amount of Stock equal to the Final Award amount for the duration of the Performance Period will be paid in cash to Employee. 
 
 7. No Fractional Shares . All provisions of this agreement concern whole shares of Stock. If the application of any provision of this agreement would yield a fractional share of Stock, such fractional shares will be rounded down to the next whole share of Stock. 
 
 8. Non-Transferability . The Performance Share Units may not be sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated, encumbered, disposed of, or otherwise transferred, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar order. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Performance Share Units or of such rights contrary to the provisions hereof or in the PUP or the Plan, the Performance Share Units and such rights shall immediately become null and void. 
 
 9. Withholding of Tax . Employee acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Subsidiary or affiliated company that employs Employee (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, hypothetical tax or other tax-related items related to Employee s participation in the PUP and legally applicable to Employee or deemed by the Company or the Employer in their discretion to be an appropriate charge to Employee even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer 

Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Employee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Employee further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance Share Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, the subsequent sale of shares of Stock acquired, and the receipt of any dividends and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Performance Share Units to reduce or eliminate Employee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Employee is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Employee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Employee authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) withholding from Employee s wages or other cash compensation payable to Employee by the Company and or the Employer (ii) withholding from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Performance Share Units or other awards granted to Employee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld (iii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Performance Share Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Employee s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) or (iv) permitting Employee to tender to the Company cash (including check, bank draft or money order delivered to the Company s Stock Plan Administrator) or, if allowed by the Committee, shares of Stock previously acquired by Employee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee is subject to Section 16 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to Rule 16a-2 promulgated thereunder, any tax withholding obligations shall be satisfied by having the Company withhold a number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Performance Share Units. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. In the event of over-withholding, Employee may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in shares of Stock), or if not refunded, Employee may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, Employee may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Performance Share Units, for tax purposes, Employee is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Performance Share Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. Employee will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. 
 Employee agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Employee s participation in the PUP that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver shares of Stock or proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock until arrangements satisfactory to the Company have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 10. Status of Shares of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock pursuant to any Performance Share Units at any time, when the offering of the shares of Stock covered by such Performance Share Unit has not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act or such other country, U.S. federal or state laws, rules or regulations as the Company deems applicable and, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Company, there is no exemption from the registration. The Company intends to use reasonable efforts to ensure that no such delay will 

occur. In the event exemption from registration under the Act is available upon settlement of the Performance Share Units, Employee, if requested by the Company to do so, will execute and deliver to the Company in writing an agreement containing such provisions as the Company may require to assure compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
 Employee agrees that the shares of Stock which Employee may acquire upon settlement of the Performance Share Units will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner which would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. securities laws. Employee also agrees (i) that the Company may refuse to register the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the Performance Share Units on the stock transfer records of the Company if such proposed transfer would in the opinion of counsel to the Company constitute a violation of any applicable securities law, and (ii) that the Company may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop registration of the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the PUP. 
 
 11. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Performance Share Units, Employee acknowledges and agrees that 
 
 (a) the PUP is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time (subject to any limitations set forth in the PUP) 
 (b) the grant of the Performance Share Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of performance share units, or benefits in lieu of performance share units, even if performance share units or other awards have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) Employee s participation in the PUP is voluntary 
 (e) the Performance Share Units and Employee s participation in the PUP shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Employee s employment relationship (as otherwise may be permitted under local law) 
 (f) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Performance Share Units and any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Performance Share Units, and the income from and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service Employee may provide as a director of any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (g) the Performance Share Units and any shares of Stock acquired under the PUP and the income and value of the same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (h) the final number of Performance Share Units earned under this Agreement is unknown, and the number may be zero if the Committee determines that the level of achievement of the Performance Goals does not meet the minimum threshold requirement specified for the 2023 Cycle, in which case all of the Performance Share Units will be forfeited for no consideration 
 (i) the future value of the shares of Stock underlying the Performance Share Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (j) upon settlement of the Performance Share Units, the value of such shares of Stock may increase or decrease in value 

(k) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance Share Units resulting from termination of Employee s employment (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws or later found invalid) and, in consideration of the Performance Share Units, Employee agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or the Employer 
 (l) the Performance Share Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the PUP or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the Performance Share Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Stock and 
 (m) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Employee s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Performance Share Units or any amounts due to Employee pursuant to the settlement of the Performance Share Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Performance Share Units. 
 12. Data Privacy . Employee understands that the Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies and or the Employer may hold certain personal information about Employee, specifically Employee s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of the Performance Share Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Employee s favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the PUP. More information about how the Company collects, processes, protects, and transfers Data, as well as the rights of Employees in relation to their Data, is found in the Employee Privacy Notice available on HalWorld. 
 
 Employee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Employee s Data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the PUP. 
 
 Employee understands that Data will be transferred to the stock brokerage or other financial or administrative services firm designated by the Company (the Stock Plan Administrator which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the PUP. Employee authorizes the Company, the Company s Stock Plan Administrator and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the PUP to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing Employee s participation in the PUP. Further, Employee understands that Employee is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Employee does not consent, or if Employee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Employee s service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Employee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Employee the Performance Share Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Employee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Employee s ability to participate in the PUP. 
 13. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the PUP, Employee agrees to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading. Employee further acknowledges that, depending on Employee s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Employee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect Employee s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., restricted stock units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Employee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in Employee s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Employee places before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Employee could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than 

on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Employee understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restriction under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Employee acknowledges that it is Employee s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Employee should therefore consult Employee s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 14. Electronic Delivery and Participation . Employee agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies may deliver in connection with this grant and any other grants offered by the Company, including prospectuses, grant notifications, account statements, annual or quarterly reports, and other communications. Electronic delivery of a document may be made via the Company s email system or by reference to a location on the Company s intranet or website or a website of the Company s agent administering the PUP. By accepting this grant, whether electronically or otherwise, Employee also hereby consents to participate in the PUP through such system, intranet, or website, including but not limited to the use of electronic signatures or click-through electronic acceptance of terms and conditions. 
 
 15. English Language . Employee acknowledges and agrees that it is Employee s express intent that this Agreement and the PUP and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Performance Share Units be drawn up in English. Employee acknowledges that Employee is sufficiently proficient in English, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow Employee to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. To the extent Employee has been provided with a copy of this Agreement, the PUP, or any other documents relating to this Award in a language other than English, the English language documents will prevail in case of any ambiguities or divergences as a result of translation. 
 
 16. Not a Public Offering . The award of the Performance Share Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Employee s country of employment (or country of residence, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and the award of the Performance Share Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. No employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies is permitted to advise Employee on whether he she should participate in the PUP. Acquiring shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to participate in the PUP, Employee should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the PUP and carefully review all of the materials related to the Performance Share Units and the PUP. In addition, Employee should consult with his her personal advisor for professional investment advice. 
 
 17. Repatriation Compliance with Law . Employee agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the PUP in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in Employee s country of employment (and country of residence, if different). In addition, Employee agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, as may be required to allow the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment (and country of residence, if different). Finally, Employee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Employee s personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in Employee s country of employment and country of residence, if different). 
 
 18. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Employee s participation in the PUP, on the Performance Share Units, and on any shares of Stock acquired under the PUP, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Employee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 19. Committee s Powers . No provision contained in this Agreement shall in any way terminate, modify or alter, or be construed or interpreted as terminating, modifying or altering any of the powers, rights or authority vested in the Committee or, to the extent delegated, in its delegate, pursuant to the terms 

of the PUP or resolutions adopted in furtherance of the PUP, including, without limitation, the right to make certain determinations and elections with respect to the Performance Share Units. 
 
 20. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors to the Company and all persons lawfully claiming under Employee. 
 
 21. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflict of laws, except to the extent that it implicates matters which are the subject of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which matters shall be governed by the latter law. For purposes of resolving any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby agree that any such dispute that cannot be resolved by the parties shall be submitted for resolution through the Halliburton Dispute Resolution Program, pursuant to which the last step is final and binding arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that in addition to any other rights or remedies they may have, that either party shall be entitled, if it so elects, to institute a proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain a preliminary injunction (with each waiving the other s obligation, if any, to post bond) in order to prevent activities in violation of the Agreement and to maintain the status quo pending resolution of the parties dispute in accordance with the Halliburton Dispute Resolution Program. 
 
 22. U.S. Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice . Employee is hereby notified in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a U.S. federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation against the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the Company s trade secrets to Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 23. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more of the provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible, and if it cannot be so reformed and construed, as if such unenforceable provision, or part thereof, had never been contained herein. The Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicit, and Non-Compete in this Agreement shall be separate, independent and concurrently enforceable with other employee agreements that have been signed by Employee. In the event such provisions of an agreement is determined by an adjudicator as not to be enforceable, any other concurrently enforceable provisions may still be enforced. 
 
 24. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to Employee s (or any other participant s) compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 
 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY 

By 
 
 Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 I HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT DATED Grant Date . 
 
 Electronic Signature 
 
 Acceptance Date 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 6
 hal_12312022-ex1042.htm
 FORM OF NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Document 

DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Grant Date Grant Date 
 
 Grantee Participant Name 
 
 Aggregate Number of Units Subject to Award Number_Restricted_Units 

This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of Grant Date , between HALLIBURTON COMPANY , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Participant Name Director ). 
 
 1. Award of Units . Pursuant to the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan (the Plan ), Director is hereby awarded the aggregate number of units subject to award set forth above evidencing the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of Company common stock, par value USD 2.50 per share Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. The units granted pursuant to this Agreement are referred to as the Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 2. Plan Incorporated . Director acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees that this award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, including future amendments thereto. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement. Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings ascribed to them under the Plan. 
 
 3. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 (a) Vesting Schedule . The Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement provided that Director has served continuously on the Board from the date of this Agreement through the vesting date. 
 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting . The Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested upon the earliest to occur of a separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and related guidance) due to the following 
 (i) Director s death or disability while serving as a member of the Board 
 (ii) failure of the Director to be re elected to the Board after being duly nominated 
 (iii) retirement from the Board pursuant to the then existing Company policy for mandatory director retirements (mandatory retirement as of the date of this Agreement is age 72) 
 (iv) early retirement from the Board after four (4) years of service or 
 (v) removal from the Board or failure to be duly nominated for re election to the Board, in either event, following a Corporate Change. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may, at its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units . Upon termination of Director s Board service Termination of Service ), Director shall, for no consideration, forfeit all Restricted Stock Units that have not previously vested or become vested pursuant to Paragraph 3(b). For avoidance of doubt, Termination of Service for purpose of this award will be deemed to occur when Director no longer remains an active director of the Company, or any successor company. Any question as to whether and when a Termination of Service has occurred, and the cause of such termination, shall be determined by the Committee administering the Plan, or its delegate, as appropriate, and its determination shall be final. 
 
 4. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . 

(a) Deferred Restricted Stock Units . If Director elected to defer the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the terms of the Halliburton Company Director s Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ), settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall occur pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
 (b) Non-Deferred Restricted Stock Units . If Director did not elect to defer the Restricted Stock Units, upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable but in no event later than 60 days after the vesting date. The Company, in its sole discretion, may provide for settlement in the form of 
 
 i. shares of Stock or 
 
 ii. a cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock that correspond to the vested Restricted Stock Units, to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock (A) is prohibited under local law, (B) would require Director, the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliated company to obtain the approval of any governmental or regulatory body in Director s country of residence, (C) would result in adverse tax consequences to Director, the Company, or any Subsidiary or affiliated company, or (D) is administratively burdensome. 
 
 If the Company settles the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock, it may require Director to sell such shares of Stock immediately or within a specified period following Director s Termination of Service (in which case Director hereby agrees that the Company shall have the authority to issue sale instructions in relation to such shares of Stock on Director s behalf pursuant to this authorization). 
 
 5. Shareholder Rights . Director shall have no rights to dividends or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to shares of Stock subject to this award of Restricted Stock Units unless and until such time as the award has been settled by the transfer of shares of Stock to Director. 
 
 6. Dividend Equivalents . During the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, Director will accrue dividend equivalents on the Restricted Stock Units equal to the cash dividend or distribution that would have been paid on the Restricted Stock Units had the Restricted Stock Units been issued and outstanding shares of Stock on the record date for the dividend or distribution. 
 (a) Deferred Restricted Stock Units . If Director elected to defer the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan, accrued dividend equivalents shall be applied towards additional restricted stock units that will vest and become payable (or forfeitable) on the same terms, in the same form and at the same time as the deferred Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 (b) Non-Deferred Restricted Stock Units . If Director did not elect to defer the Restricted Stock Units, accrued dividend equivalents will be paid in cash as soon as practicable (but no later than 60 days) after the dividend payment date. 
 
 7. Non-Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated, encumbered, disposed of, or otherwise transferred, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar order. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock Units or of such rights contrary to the provisions hereof or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units and such rights shall immediately become null and void. 
 
 8. Withholding of Tax . Director acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, or other tax-related items related to Director s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Director or deemed by the Company in its discretion to be an appropriate charge to Director even if legally applicable to the Company Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Director s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company, if any. Director further acknowledges that the Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax- 

Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, the subsequent sale of shares of Stock acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (b) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Director s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Director is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Director acknowledges that the Company may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 The obligation to withhold Tax-Related Items shall be satisfied by withholding from the shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or other awards granted to Director having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. For tax purposes, Director is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units or other awards, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. Director will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. 
 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates (as determined by the Company in good faith and in its sole discretion) or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. In the event of over-withholding, Director may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in shares of Stock), or if not refunded, Director may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, Director may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company. 
 Director agrees to pay to the Company any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Director s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver shares of Stock or proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock until arrangements satisfactory to the Company have been made in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 9. Status of Shares of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock pursuant to any Restricted Stock Units at any time, when the offering of the shares of Stock covered by such Restricted Stock Unit has not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act or such other country, U.S. federal or state laws, rules or regulations as the Company deems applicable and, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Company, there is no exemption from the registration. The Company intends to use reasonable efforts to ensure that no such delay will occur. In the event exemption from registration under the Act is available upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, Director, if requested by the Company to do so, will execute and deliver to the Company in writing an agreement containing such provisions as the Company may require to assure compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
 Director agrees that the shares of Stock which Director may acquire upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner which would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. securities laws. Director also agrees (i) that the Company may refuse to register the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the Restricted Stock Units on the stock transfer records of the Company if such proposed transfer would in the opinion of counsel to the Company constitute a violation of any applicable securities law, and (ii) that the Company may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop registration of the transfer of the shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 10. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Director acknowledges and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time (subject to any limitations set forth in the Plan) 
 (b) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units, or benefits in lieu 

of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units or other awards have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) Director s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (e) the Restricted Stock Units and Director s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to continued service as a director of the Company or be interpreted as forming a contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies and shall not be construed to limit the rights of the Company or its shareholders pursuant to organizational documents of the Company and applicable law 
 (f) the future value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (g) upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the value of such shares of Stock may increase or decrease in value 
 (h) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Stock and 
 (i) if Director is resident or performs services outside the United States, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Director s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or any amounts due to Director pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 11. Data Privacy . Director understands that the Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies may hold certain personal information about Director, including, but not limited to, Director s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, and any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of the Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Director s favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 Director hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Director s Data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as necessary and applicable, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Director s participation in the Plan. 
 
 Director understands that Data will be transferred to the stock brokerage or other financial or administrative services firm designated by the Company (the Stock Plan Administrator which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Director understands that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country e.g. , the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Director s country. If Director resides outside the United States, Director understands that Director may have the right to request a list of any recipients of Data by contacting dataprivacy halliburton.com. Director authorizes the Company, the Company s Stock Plan Administrator and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing Director s participation in the Plan. Director understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and 

manage Director s participation in the Plan. If Director resides outside the United States, Director understands that he or she may have the right to access Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, correct inaccurate Data, or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting dataprivacy halliburton.com. Further, Director understands that Director is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Director does not consent, or if Director later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Director s service status and career will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Director s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Director the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Director understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Director s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Director s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Director understands that Director may contact dataprivacy halliburton.com. 
 Finally, Director understands that the Company may rely on a different legal basis for the processing and or transfer of Data in the future and or request Director to provide another data privacy consent. If applicable and upon request of the Company, Director agrees to provide an executed acknowledgment or data privacy consent form (or any other acknowledgments, agreements or consents) to the Company that the Company may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in Director s country, either now or in the future. Director understands that he or she will not be able to participate in the Plan if he or she fails to execute any such acknowledgment, agreement or consent requested by the Company. 
 
 12. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Director agrees to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading. Director further acknowledges that, depending on Director s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Director may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect Director s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., restricted stock units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Director is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in Director s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Director places before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Director could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Director understands that third parties include fellow Directors. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Director acknowledges that it is Director s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Director should therefore consult Director s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 13. Electronic Delivery and Participation . Director agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company and its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies may deliver in connection with this grant and any other grants offered by the Company, including prospectuses, grant notifications, account statements, annual or quarterly reports, and other communications. Electronic delivery of a document may be made via the Company s email system or by reference to a location on the Company s intranet or website or a website of the Company s agent administering the Plan. By accepting this grant, whether electronically or otherwise, Director also hereby consents to participate in the Plan through such system, intranet, or website, including but not limited to the use of electronic signatures or click-through electronic acceptance of terms and conditions. 
 
 14. English Language . Director acknowledges and agrees that it is Director s express intent that this Agreement and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. Director acknowledges that Director is sufficiently proficient in English, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow Director to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. To the extent Director has been provided with a copy of this Agreement, the Plan, or any other documents relating to this Award in a language other than English, the English language documents will prevail in case of any ambiguities or divergences as a result of translation. 

15. Not a Public Offering . The award of the Restricted Stock Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the country in which Director resides or performs services. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and the award of the Restricted Stock Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. No employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliated companies is permitted to advise Director on whether he she should participate in the Plan. Acquiring shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to participate in the Plan, Director should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan and carefully review all of the materials related to the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan. In addition, Director should consult with his her personal advisor for professional investment advice. 
 
 16. Repatriation Compliance with Law . Director agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations in Director s country of residence. In addition, Director agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies, as may be required to allow the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and affiliated companies to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations in Director s country of residence. Finally, Director agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Director s personal obligations under local laws, rules and or regulations in Director s country of residence. 
 
 17. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Director s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units, and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Director to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 18. Committee s Powers . No provision contained in this Agreement shall in any way terminate, modify or alter, or be construed or interpreted as terminating, modifying or altering any of the powers, rights or authority vested in the Committee or, to the extent delegated, in its delegate, pursuant to the terms of the Plan or resolutions adopted in furtherance of the Plan, including, without limitation, the right to make certain determinations and elections with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 19. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors to the Company and all persons lawfully claiming under Director. 
 
 20. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflict of laws, except to the extent that it implicates matters which are the subject of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which matters shall be governed by the latter law. 
 
 21. U.S. Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice . Director is hereby notified in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that Director will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a U.S. federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Director files a lawsuit for retaliation against the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Director may disclose the Company s trade secrets to Director s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Director files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 22. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more of the provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible, and if it cannot be so reformed and construed, as if such unenforceable provision, or part thereof, had never been contained herein. In the event such provisions of an agreement is determined by an adjudicator as not to be enforceable, any other concurrently enforceable provisions may still be enforced. 

23. Waiver . The waiver by the Company with respect to Director s (or any other participant s) compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 
 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY 

By 
 
 Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 I HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT DATED Grant Date . 
 
 Electronic Signature 
 
 Acceptance Date 

BODRUNDF22 Directors 2022 Non-Deferred RSU Agreement 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 hal_12312022-ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY Subsidiaries of the Registrant December 31, 2022 STATE OR COUNTRY NAME OF COMPANY OF INCORPORATION Dunlavy Financial Services B.V. Netherlands Halliburton B.V. Netherlands Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. United States, Delaware Halliburton Global Affiliates Holdings B.V. Netherlands Halliburton Global Holdings B.V. Curacao Halliburton Global Holdings, LLC United States, Delaware Halliburton Global Netherlands Cooperatief U.A. Netherlands Halliburton Holdings, LLC United States, Delaware Halliburton Netherlands Holdings B.V. Netherlands Halliburton Swiss Holdings GmbH Switzerland Halliburton Technology Partners LLC United States, Delaware Halliburton U.S. International Holdings, Inc. United States, Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 hal_12312022-ex231.htm
 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors 
 Halliburton Company 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-236378) on Form S-3ASR, (No. 333-166656) on Form S-4 and (Nos. 333-188674, 333-205842, 333-218568, 333-225549, 333-231571, 333-240075, and 333-258123) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Halliburton Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 9
 hal_12312022-ex241.htm
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY

Document 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal 
 Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s William E. Albrecht 
 William E. Albrecht 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s M. Katherine Banks 
 M. Katherine Banks 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Alan M. Bennett 
 Alan M. Bennett 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Milton Carroll 
 Milton Carroll 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Bhavesh V. Patel 
 Bhavesh V. Patel 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Murry S. Gerber 
 Murry S. Gerber 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Earl M. Cummings 
 Earl M. Cummings 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Robert A. Malone 
 Robert A. Malone 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that I, the undersigned, a Director of Halliburton Company, do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey A. Miller and Van H. Beckwith, or any of them acting alone, my true and lawful attorneys or attorney, to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which said attorneys or attorney may deem necessary or advisable to enable Halliburton Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limitation thereof, power and authority to sign my name as Director of Halliburton Company to the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to any instruments or documents filed as a part of or in connection therewith and I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or attorney shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness my hand this 10th day of January, 2023. 

s Tobi M. Edwards Young 
 Tobi M. Edwards Young 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 hal_12312022-ex311.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION FOR CEO

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification 

I, Jeffrey A. Miller, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Halliburton Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 7, 2023 
 
 s Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Halliburton Company 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 hal_12312022-ex312.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION FOR CFO

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification 

I, Eric J. Carre, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Halliburton Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 7, 2023 
 
 s Eric J. Carre 
 Eric J. Carre 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Halliburton Company 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 hal_12312022-ex321.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION FOR CEO

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This certification is provided pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, and accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Halliburton Company (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ). 
 
 I, Jeffrey A. Miller, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Jeffrey A. Miller 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 hal_12312022-ex322.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION FOR CFO

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This certification is provided pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, and accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Halliburton Company (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ). 
 
 I, Eric J. Carre, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Eric J. Carre 
 Eric J. Carre 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 14
 hal_12312022-ex95.htm
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Document 

Exhibit 95 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, each operator of a mine is required to include certain mine safety results in its periodic reports filed with the SEC. The operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act). Below, we present the following items regarding certain mining safety and health matters for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Mine Act for which we have received a citation from MSHA 
 total number of orders issued under section 104(b) of the Mine Act, which covers violations that had previously been cited under section 104(a) that, upon follow-up inspection by MSHA, are found not to have been totally abated within the prescribed time period, which results in the issuance of an order requiring the mine operator to immediately withdraw all persons (except certain authorized persons) from the mine 
 total number of citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under Section 104(d) of the Mine Act 
 total number of flagrant violations (i.e., reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory health or safety standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury) under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act 
 total number of imminent danger orders (i.e., the existence of any condition or practice in a mine which could reasonably be expected to cause death or serious physical harm before such condition or practice can be abated) issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act 
 total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act 
 total number of mining-related fatalities and 
 total number of pending legal actions before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission involving such mine. 
 HALLIBURTON COMPANY Mine Safety Disclosures Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Unaudited) (Whole dollars) Operation MSHA Identification Number (1) 
 Section 104 Citations Section 104(b) Orders 104(d) Citations and Orders Section 110(b)(2) Violations Section 107(a) Orders Proposed MSHA Assessments (2) 
 Fatalities Pending Legal Actions BPM Colony Mill 4800070 1 133 BPM Colony Mine 4800889 BPM Lovell Mill 4801405 3 1,057 BPM Lovell Mine 4801016 BPM 76 Creek Mine 4801845 Corpus Christi Grinding Plant 4104010 Dunphy Mill 2600412 Lake Charles Grinding Plant 1601032 Larose Grinding Plant 1601504 Rossi Jig Plant 2602239 Total 4 1,190 
 (1) The definition of a mine under section 3 of the Mine Act includes the mine, as well as other items used in, or to be used in, or resulting from, the work of extracting minerals, such as land, structures, facilities, equipment, machines, tools and preparation facilities. Unless otherwise indicated, any of these other items associated with a single mine have been aggregated in the totals for that mine. (2) Amounts included are the total dollar value of proposed or outstanding assessments received from MSHA on or before January 3, 2023 regardless of whether the assessment has been challenged or appealed, for citations and orders occurring during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In addition, as required by the reporting requirements regarding mine safety included in 1503(a)(2) of the Dodd-Frank Act, the following is a list for the year ended December 31, 2022, of each mine of which we or a subsidiary of ours is an operator, that has received written notice from MSHA of 
 
 (a) a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of mine health or safety hazards under 
 104(e) of the Mine Act 
 None or 
 (b) the potential to have such a pattern 
 None. 
 
 Citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, are sometimes reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments vary by inspector and also vary depending on the size and type of the operation. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 hal-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 hal-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 hal-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 hal-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 hal-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

