<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1514443_0001829126-23-002409.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2814611</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>86043</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>558928</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>856917</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>597273</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>648176</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002409.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330110657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002409
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERIGUARD SECURITY SERVICES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514443
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		IRS NUMBER:				990363866
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-173039
		FILM NUMBER:		23777898

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5470 W. SPRUCE AVENUE , SUITE 102
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93722
		BUSINESS PHONE:		559-271-5984

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5470 W. SPRUCE AVENUE , SUITE 102
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93722

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH REVENUE ASSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120423

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH REVENEUE ASSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120420

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANVEX INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002409.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 ameriguardsec_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including the area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such report(s)), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold on June 30, 2022, or the average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter is . 

The
number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock on March 20, 2023, was . 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None. 

FORM
10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 FISCAL
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 
 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved]. 
 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 9 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 10 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 10 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 
 
 10 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 10 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 11 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 14 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters. 
 
 15 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 15 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 16 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 17 

SIGNATURES 
 
 18 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 19 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-1 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

The
statements contained in this report with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and business that are not historical
facts are forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology,
such as anticipate , believe , expect , plan , intend , seek ,
 estimate , project , could , may or the negative thereof or other variations thereon,
or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. Management wishes to caution the reader of the forward-looking statements
that any such statements that are contained in this report reflect our current beliefs with respect to future events and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, but not limited to, economic, competitive, regulatory, technological,
key employees, and general business factors affecting our operations, markets, growth, services, products, licenses and other factors,
some of which are described in this report including in Risk Factors in Item 1A and some of which are discussed in our
other filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements are only estimates or predictions. No assurances can be given regarding
the achievement of future results, as actual results may differ materially as a result of risks facing our company, and actual events
may differ from the assumptions underlying the statements that have been made regarding anticipated events. 

These
risk factors should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting
on our behalf may issue. All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this report that are attributable to
our company or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given these uncertainties,
we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to review or confirm analysts 
expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by applicable law or regulation. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Company
History 

Health
Revenue Assurance Holding, Inc. (the Company), was incorporated in Nevada on December 13, 2010. 

The
Company intended to become a provider of revenue cycle services to a broad range of healthcare providers. Offering the customers integrated
solutions designed around their specific business needs, including revenue cycle data analysis, contract and outsourced coding, billing,
coding and compliance audits, coding education, coding consulting, physician coding services and ICD-10 education and transition services. 

On
February 10, 2012, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement with Health Revenue Assurance Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Anvex International, Inc., HRAH ), a Nevada company, and
its wholly-owned subsidiary Health Revenue Acquisition Corporation Acquisition Sub ), which was treated for accounting
purposes as a reverse recapitalization with HRAA, considered the accounting acquirer. Each share of HRAA s common stock was exchanged
for the right to receive approximately 1,271 shares of HRAH s common stock. Before their entry into the Merger Agreement, no material
relationship existed between HRAH and Acquisition Sub or HRAA. On April 27, 2012, the Company completed a 12.98 to 1 forward stock
split. On May 2, 2012, the Company changed its ticker symbol from ANVX to HRAA. 

The
Company then went dormant in August 2014. 

On
July 14, 2020, as a result of a custodianship in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A816259, Custodian Ventures LLC Custodian was appointed Custodian of the Company. 

On
July 15, 2020, Custodian appointed David Lazar as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Chief Financial
Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

AmeriGuard
Security Services, Inc. (AmeriGuard) was incorporated in California November 14, 2002. The corporation was incorporated with the
issuance of 1,000 common shares formerly held by Lawrence Garcia, President and CEO with 550 shares and Lillian Flores, former VP of
Operations with 450 shares. On July 12, 2022, under the terms of a Settlement Agreement, Flores exchanged her 450 shares for the
consideration of 3,384,950 and a promissory note in that amount secured by a stock pledge. AmeriGuard provides armed guard services
as a federal contractor with licenses in 7 states and provides commercial guard services in California. 

On
September 8, 2021, under the terms of a private stock purchase agreement, 10,000,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, 0.001
par value per share (the Shares of the Company, were transferred from Custodian Ventures, LLC to AmeriGuard. As a result,
AmeriGuard became holder of approximately 91 of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully
diluted basis of the Company and became the controlling shareholder. The consideration paid for the Shares was 450,000. In connection
with the transaction, David Lazar forgave the Company from all debts owed to him and/or Custodian Ventures, LLC. 

On
September 8, 2021, the Company accepted the resignations from David Lazar as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and as a Member of the Board of Directors. Effective on the same date to fill the vacancies created
by Mr. Lazar s resignations, the Company appointed Lawrence Garcia as the Company s President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary,
and Chairman of the Board of Directors. These resignations are in connection with the consummation of the private stock purchase agreement
and was not the result of any disagreement with Company on any matter relating to Company s operations, policies or practices. 

On
March 11, 2022, the Company, amended its articles of incorporation to change its name to AmeriGuard Security Services, Inc. (AGSS)
from Health Revenue Assurance Holdings, Inc. The name was deemed effective by FINRA on March 17, 2022. 

1 

On
December 9, 2022, AGSS entered into the Merger Agreement. AmeriGuard became a wholly owned subsidiary of AGSS, and AGSS its only shareholder
and will continue in its existence with one owner, AGSS. Pursuant to the Share Exchange, (a) the Majority Shareholder relinquished all
of his 573 AmeriGuard common shares and the Minority Shareholders relinquished all of their 67 AmeriGuard common shares, constituting
all issued and outstanding shares of AmeriGuard (the AmeriGuard Shares ), and were issued an aggregate of 80,578,125 and
9,421,875 respectively of AGSS common shares, representing 86.26 and 10.09 of the outstanding Common Stock of AGSS and (b) AmeriGuard
returned the A-1 Preferred Stock of AGSS for retirement. After the issuance of the common shares, the existing 3,417,302 common shares
represent 3.66 of the outstanding common stock of AGSS. 

Pursuant
to the terms of a settlement agreement, by and among Garcia, AmeriGuard, and Lillian Flores Flores ), dated July 7,
2022 (the Settlement Agreement ), AmeriGuard repurchased the 450 common shares of Flores for a total consideration of 3,384,950
payable in five equal annual installments compounded semi-annually at a three percent rate. The initial payment on July 8, 2022,
of 686,990 reduced the balance to 2,697,960. The second through fifth installment are due on December 31, 2023, through December 31,
2026. 

Prior
to Merger, under the terms of a stock pledge agreement, by and among Garcia, Flores and AmeriGuard, dated July 7, 2022, 360 AmeriGuard
common shares remained held in AmeriGuard treasury pledged to Flores. On Merger these pledged shares were substituted with 50,625,000
AGSS common stock of the 80,578,125 issued to Lawrence Garcia. These pledged shares are redeemed and returned to Garcia based on a stock
redemption agreement, by and among Garcia, Flores and AmeriGuard, dated July 7, 2022. 

The
purposes of the transactions described in this Current Report were to complete a business combination by a stock for stock merger and
complete a recapitalization of the company with the result being that AmeriGuard became a wholly owned subsidiary of AGSS. Our business
operations will now focus on the business of AmeriGuard and its management will be the management of AGSS. 

There
is no offering with this merger. 

Effective
immediately after the Share Exchange, the stock transfer books of AmeriGuard shall be closed. 

Overview 

AmeriGuard
principally provides guard services to governmental, quasi-governmental and commercial property management. Guard services generated
 24 million in revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Guard services include, providing armed and unarmed uniformed security
personnel for access control, mobile patrols, traffic control, security console/system operators, fire safety directors, communication,
reception, concierge and front desk/doorman operations. As we continue to push growth organically as well as through acquisition, we
will be able to realize greater market share in the security industry. 

Corporation
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are currently located at 5470 W Spruce Ave Suite 102 Fresno CA 93722. 

Our
website; www.ameriguardsecurity.com. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 315 full-time employees, 240 of these employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements
and the Company considers it relations with its employees to be very good. 

2 

Our
Industry 

Security
guard and related services in the US is a 43 billion industry comprising over 11,000 companies and 900,000 officers. Over 55 , 24
billion) of this market is serviced by 40 companies, with the top 4 firms, with Allied Universal, Securitas, G4S and Prosegur Security
controlling 74 31.8 billion), an average revenue of 7.9 billion; the next 21 firms control 8.4 3.6billion), an average of 172
million and the next 10 firms control 1 550 million) with a range of 20 to 100 million with average of 50 million. AmeriGuard s
approximately 22 million in annual revenue places is within the top 25 firms in the country. The rest of the market comprises over 7,900
firms with 19 billion or an average of 2.5 million in revenue. This consolidation of market share has not been gradual but rather a
rapid shift over the last five years in an industry which once was highly fragmented and widely dispersed, from smaller regional and
local companies to the largest companies. 

We
believe that the top 40 companies have the resources to harness technology, to expand their business into related services other than
guard services. Companies with over 50 million in revenue have, over the last 10 years, experienced steady growth while those guard
companies under 20 million, the remaining 9,900 firms, have experienced declining revenues. We believe that the principal reason for
this is the steady diversification of security services away from the traditional guard services to areas of utilization of technology
requiring capital. Along with this, we believe that the profitability challenges below 20 million annual sales are much more difficult
that above 50 million is sales, largely due to the significant economies of scale achieve at the higher revenue levels. 

The
proliferation of technology while increasing efficacy in performance and inevitably lower costs in the future, the impact on the contract
security industry will likely have mixed results positive for companies who harness technology into their service delivery strategies
 and negative for those companies who fail to invest in or adopt these service-enhancing capabilities. Despite the advances in
the U.S. contract guarding business over recent years, there remains a question as to the industry s viability in view of the increasing
trend for integrating manned services with security systems (i.e. security video, access control and monitoring) along with the emergence
of other new smart technology options and solutions (i.e. robotics, drones, cybersecurity and crowd sharing alert notification). 

The
recent merger and acquisition trend, primarily by the major national and international security organizations and fueled by investment
and funding from private equity firms, is continuing. The underlying reason for this shift is less obvious and suggests an increasing
number of sellers who concluded that their better option was to exit and sell rather than remain in the marketplace and try to compete
and organically grow their market share. 

Despite
its low barriers of entry and nominal capital requirements, the security guard business has become more challenging for the smaller owner/operator.
The traditionally historic advantage of the smaller operator s ability to offer relationship-driven customized services is no longer
totally sufficient for sustainable growth especially with the increasing regulatory challenges of the Affordable Care Act, federal
and state minimum wage laws, Family Medical Leave Act and state laws (i.e. meal and rest break reporting and now, predictive scheduling). 

Even
stronger local and smaller regional companies are finding it more difficult to protect their client base and grow revenues under increasing
regulatory as well as competitive pressures. Larger regional and national organizations are dealing with the regulatory climate while
growing market share by leveraging infrastructure, technology, economies of scale with more aggressive pricing and better service reliability.
This approach appears to offer a more compelling value proposition from the client s perspective, which seems evident by the higher
client retention rates reported by the major security companies. 

However,
this consolidating trend may not be inevitable for the future as newer, more tech-savvy owner/operators enter the business and recognize
how to adopt best practices with a variety of sophisticated third-party software platforms and applications to help level the playing
field. These include talent management and on-boarding applications to attract, hire and maintain a more skilled and reliable workforce;
integrated labor management platforms to control scheduling, compliance, operations, payroll, billing and financial reporting; and state-of-the-art
social media marketing applications. 

3 

The
contract security industry should now be able to more effectively capitalize on and penetrate opportunities in a 20 billion in-house
market especially for those companies who have invested and integrated technology into a more highly reliable ecosystem of protective
services. 

For
the foreseeable future, the U.S. manned guarding business seems likely for continued sustainable growth. While the technology/manpower
ratio may shift the revenue mix going forward, based on today s currently expanding U.S. economy, the prospects for an aggregate
growth rate of four percent or more seem realistic and perhaps even conservative, especially for ownership who have prudently invested
in technology enhancements to their core guarding operations. 

Providing
these strategies can yield an attractive ROI, increase operating profits (EBITDA ranges of four to six percent and higher) and enterprise
valuations, this industry seems not only viable but also opportune for further investment consideration. 

(The
above industry data taken from https://www.nasco.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/2021-Bob-Perry-Contract-Security-Industry-White-Paper-1.pdf 

4 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

AS
A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY, WE ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A STATEMENT OF RISK FACTORS. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company s corporate headquarters is located at 5470 W. Spruce Avenue, Suite 102, Fresno CA. The lease is currently month to month.
Landlord has not indicated a desire for a new lease. Our lease payments are a total of 55,767 for the entire term (or, 4,230 per month).
The Company believes that this rent expense is reasonable and comparable to the rent that would be charged to a third party. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses) 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to
 have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
 Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or
 persons associated with a member. 

In
the second quarter of 2022 the Company did receive a demand letter from a terminated employee s lawyer. The demand letter claimed
the employee experienced discrimination and wrongful termination. This issue was handled by the Company s labor attorney and after
review and negotiation it was settled out or court in March of 2023 in the amount of 23,000. No other legal issues or court filings
are active at this time. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

5 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

As
of the date of this report, the Company s common stock is quoted on OTC Markets, symbol AGSS. 

The
high and low bid prices of our common stock following such date is as follows: 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March
 31, 2022 
 3.70 
 1.04 
 
 June
 30, 2022 
 5.34 
 1.70 
 
 September
 30, 2022 
 3.00 
 1.20 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 3.38 
 1.00 

The
last reported sales price of our common stock on the OTC Markets on March 22, 2023, was 2.10. 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of five hundred million (50 0 ,000,000) shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per
share. Immediately after giving effect to the Merger and related transactions, there were 93,417,302 shares of our common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable
future. Declaration or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend
on our then current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of
Directors. There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends. 

Holders 

As
of March 20, 2023, there were 94,471,302 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which were held by 95 stockholders of record. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock is VStock Transfer, and its telephone number is (727) 289-0010. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

We
do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On
December 9, 2022, Ameriguard Security Services, Inc. f/k/a Health Revenue Assurance Holding, Inc. a Nevada corporation we ,
 AGSS or the Company ), entered into a Definitive Share Exchange Agreement (the Merger Agreement with Ameriguard Security Services, Inc., a California corporation, Ameriguard and Lawrence Garcia Garcia the majority shareholder of Ameriguard (the Majority Shareholder and the minority shareholders of Ameriguard Minority
Shareholders ). Under the Merger Agreement, One Hundred Percent (100 of the ownership interest of Ameriguard was exchanged for
an aggregate of 90,000,000 shares of common stock of AGSS issued to the Majority Shareholders and the Minority Shareholders, in accordance
with the Share Exchange Agreement (the Merger 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Small Business Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

6 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this Item 6. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Item 7 contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities could differ
materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Additional risks of which we are not currently aware
or which we currently deem immaterial could also cause our actual results to differ, including those discussed in the sections entitled
 Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the
 Financial Statements ). The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting policies
in the United States GAAP ). Except as otherwise disclosed, all dollar figures included therein and in the following management
discussion and analysis are quoted in United States dollars. 

The
following discussion of the Company s financial condition and the results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
Financial Statements and footnotes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Report. 

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. In order to comply with the terms
of the safe harbor, the Company notes that in addition to the description of historical facts contained herein, this report contains
certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as detailed herein and from time to time in the Company s
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and elsewhere. Such statements are based on management s current expectations
and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those, described
in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others: (a) the Company s fluctuations in sales and operating results;
(b) regulatory, competitive and contractual risks; (c) development risks; (d) the ability to achieve strategic initiatives, including
but not limited to the ability to achieve sales growth, and (e) unknown litigation. 

Corporate
Structure 

As
previously mentioned, on December 9, 2022, AGSS executed a reverse merger with AmeriGuard resulting in AGSS becoming the sole owner of
AmeriGuard. This merger establishes AGSS as a company operating a viable guard company with annual sales of approximately 24,000,000.
It also is in the position to access the capital market to generate the capital needed to begin its growth strategy of mergers and acquisitions
within the security industry. 

Prior
to and after the merger AGSS has been working on developing the leadership team needed. We have in place a CEO with 20 years of experience
in our industry and has been very successful in the government contracting market. Our CFO has over 35 years of business finance experience,
the last 15 of which he has been focusing on organizational development consulting across multiple industries, and an Operations team
on the east coast managing IT and our federal contracts. We have an exclusive contract with Think Equity a New York Investment Banking
Firm, and we have engaged legal and SEC compliance professionals. We have a Board Directors with Wall Street and government security
experience making us well positioned to aggressively grow the business. 

Results
of Operations for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 

Revenues
and Cost of Goods Sold 

2022
experienced a 10 increase of 2.2 million in security services revenue. The majority of which was from federal contracts in the amount
of approximately 1.5 million and the remaining 700,000 from commercial guard services. The contract services revenue increase was the
result of monthly fee increases within the four existing contract operated for during 2022 and 2021. As the costs of labor increases
within the unionized contract so does the revenue. For the Commercial operations we saw a significant increase in demand for services,
specifically our patrol services. Patrol services solve the problem of delayed police response. Our patrol officers respond to all alarms
regardless of cause within 15 minutes of activation. This is a cost effect way for businesses to have protection without the high expense
of a posted guard. This is an area of service we are continuing to expand. 

7 

We
also had a significant increase of over 280,000 in other related income. This increase was due to a change in accounting practices.
Prior to 2022, overhead expenses included management salaries were allocated to between AmeriGuard and three other related companies.
Has part of our transition to prepare for the reverse merger we shifted to management agreements between AmeriGuard and the other related
entities. As a result, we saw both an increase in other revenues along with an increase in administrative expenses. 

As
with all professional service industries the vast majority of expense in with direct labor and expenses associated with that labor. We
are not an exception. Our direct expenses average around 89 of revenues. Total cost of services increased approximately 1.3 million
in 2022, and that increase is expected in relation to the revenue increase in 2022 as previously discussed. 

Operating
Expenses and Other Expense 

Operation
expenses, overhead expenses, increased in 2022 over 2021 by approximately 1.3 million. Slightly more than half of that increase was
in administrative salaries and related payroll expenses, of approximately 796,000. As mentioned earlier in 2021 overhead expenses included
administrative salaries were allocated between related companies. In 2022, all the salaries were expensed to AmeriGuard. Also, during
2022 as part of the reverse merger preparations, we added to our administrative team a full-time CFO, an HR Manager and an Operations
Management team along with the necessary support positions in payroll and accounting. This was done in the preparations for the merger
and the following expansion. 

Other
areas of expense increase were in the cost of vehicle operations of approximately 138,000 due to the leasing of four additional vehicles
for patrols along with an increase in fuel costs. The category of General administrative expenses increased approximately 350,000. Approximately
 100,000 of the increase related to expenses no longer allocated to the related companies as we did in 2021. Then the merger related
expenses new to 2022 such as office rent in New York, marketing expenses, travel, shareholder buyout loan expense and Board of Director
expenses totaling approximately 200,000. The remainder of the increase were minor changes in other operational expenses. 

Other
expenses in the amount of 344,105 that occurred in 2022, but not in 2021 are non-operational expenses related specifically to the preparations
for and after the reverse merger. These expenses are legal, compliance, accounting and merger related expenses that are treated as non-operational
expense to prevent distortions of operational net income or loss. It is anticipated that there will be continued non-operational expenses
from ongoing capital raise activities moving forward. 

At
this time, our operating structure and current level of expense can handle twice the revenue stream with minor increases to our operating
overhead expenses. This allows the entire gross profit of any new contract or company acquisition to go straight to the bottom line,
providing a consistent return on investment. 

Net
Income/(Loss) from Operations 

Combining
2022 net loss of 74,003, with 2021 net income of 128,038 we have a total operational income of 54,035. Our operational structure that
drives theses costs has excess capacity in anticipation of significant growth via new contracts or more specifically, company acquisitions.
This allows additional revenue to go directly to our bottom line (see moving forward comments). 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s principal sources of liquidity include cash from operations and proceeds from long term debt financing. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, operations generated net cash increase of approximately 258,000 while cash used from financing activities
during the same period was approximately 1,160,000, the Company did not receive and proceeds from long term debt. The net decrease in
cash for 2022 was approximately 902,000. 

The
main use of cash was the first payment to shareholder from the shareholder buyout agreement signed in July 2022 in the amount of 686,990,
as previously discussed. Other finance activities usage was building improvements of approximately 224,000, loan payments 180,000 and
owner distributions before merger in the amount of 63,000. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash on hand of 1,226,600, with total current assets of 3,207,750. 

8 

Moving
Forward 

During
the past eighteen months we have been working to get to where we are today. It has been difficult and expensive, to get to this point
of being a public company with the corporate structure, systems and team that can expand our business with increasing profitability.
Our current overhead expense structure has the capacity to manage two to three times the revenues from one of two strategic sources. 

Our
first source is to continue down our historical path of seeking out contracts that meet our sweet spot and bidding with hope of successful
award. However, this path is time consuming and isn t a guarantee of the growth we desire and is outside of our control. 

Our
second source of growth is merger and acquisition. Now that we have the capital market available to us and our industry is positioned
for long term growth, now is the time. The security industry continues to grow in opportunity, and at the same there s a lot of
consolidation occurring. As a top 25 company in the industry, we can be the company acquiring others and quickly doubling our revenues
with one or two key acquisitions. After which we could see all the gross profit from those companies going directly to our bottom line.
The returns would be quick and significant. 

There
are also acquisition opportunities in several other industries that fits our business model. Those include transportation, cyber security,
private security, ammunition manufacturing, and surveillance to mention a few. The Company has already begun the process of our first
equity raise with Think Equity to recover our expended working capital and position the Company for its first acquisition. We anticipate
the equity raise to be completed in the second quarter along with our first acquisition. 

Management
is very positive regarding profitable operations for the next twelve months based on the following: 

AGSS
 operates in a growing industry. 

The
 security industry is recession proof. 

There
 are over 10,000 security companies operating in our market, with 50 available for acquisition. 

Our
 management team, Board of Directors and supporting equity professionals can get the job done. 

We
 have been and will continue to be a company that is very conservative with our resources
 and will use every possible dollar provide strength and good return to our investors. 

We
 are in it for the long haul. 

We
 make profits the old fashion way, hard work. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
consolidated balance sheets, as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with
the related notes and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on the F pages of
this report. 

9 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
 Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed in the Exchange Act reports
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to satisfy the objectives for which they are intended due to a weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
discussed below. 

The
weakness identified by our management as of December 31, 2022, relates to the Company not having an audit committee. The Company intends
to appoint an independent audit committee during 2023. 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting ICFR or an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on ICFR due to a transition period established
by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC for newly public companies. The SEC has adopted a transition
period permitting a newly public company to wait until its second annual report to comply with Section 404(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 SOX ). After that point, issuers that are emerging growth companies, or are not large, accelerated filers or accelerated
filers are exempt from the requirements of SOX 404(b). As such, if the Company continues to satisfy as being an emerging growth company
or other exemption standards as listed above, it will continue to be exempted from filing attestation report of the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm regarding ICFR. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d)
of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

10 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Set
forth below is information regarding our directors and executive officers following the closing of the Reverse Merger on December 9,
2022. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger, our sole officer and director, Lawrence Garcia, was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer, was
appointed as our Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, Michael Goossen as our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, in connection
with the Merger, Douglas Anderson was appointed to serve as a director on December 7, 2022 

The
following persons became our executive officers and directors upon completion of the Merger, and hold the positions set forth opposite
their respective names, including shares held. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Common
 
 shares held 
 Percentage
 
of Class (1) 
 
 Lawrence
 Garcia 
 50 
 Chairman of the
 Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Chief Operating Officer, Chief
 Marketing Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 80,578,125 
 86.26 

Michael
 Goossen, CPA 
 61 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2,671,875 
 2.86 

Douglas
 Anderson 
 60 
 Director 
 3,515,625 
 3.76 

(1) Based
 on 93,417,302 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Appointed
 December 2022 

Lawrence
Garcia is the CEO and President of AmeriGuard Security Service, Inc incorporated in state of California in 2002. Lawrence is a disabled
veteran of the United States Navy and of Hispanic dissent. He has led the company from a small local guard company to a national company
currently managing five Federal Government armed guard contracts with annual revenue of over 24 million. Mr. Garcia has twice been named,
 Businessman of the Year in the State of California. 

Michael
Goossen, CPA is the Chief Financial Officer of AmeriGuard Security Services, Inc., a California Corporation. Michael has been a CPA
since 1986, has worked in multiple industries as a CFO and CEO. During the past 20 years he has been providing small business consulting,
offering CFO services and executive leadership development. Michael began working with AmeriGuard as a CFO consultant and business development
strategist 3 years ago and became the full time CFO for AmeriGuard in August 2022. 

Douglas
Anderson , Board Director. Mr. Anderson is the CEO of Wall Street Capital Partners and has been involved in or exposed to most aspects
of corporate finance with over 20 years on Wall Street. Prior to his work in corporate finance, he served in the U.S. Marine Corps, including
the elite Marine Reconnaissance Battalion. He held a Top-Secret clearance while serving operationally in the U.S. State Department at
American Embassies overseas, as well as at the U.N. in New York, where he participated in Security Enhancement programs. Mr. Anderson
was formally trained on Wall Street as an Underwriter. He has been interviewed and broadcast nationally and internationally, many times
as an expert both on NASDAQ and at the NYSE. Mr. Anderson earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Washington and postgraduate
graduate education includes executive education from Harvard in Finance and Texas A M in Agriculture Science. Mr. Anderson has served
as an Advisor, Director, public company CEO and public company Board Director over his career. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed to hold office until the next meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our
bylaws. 

11 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Our
directors do not hold any directorships in other reporting companies and does not qualify as an independent director under
the Rules of NASDAQ, Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 

To
our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) have: 

(a) had
a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

(b) been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

(c) been
subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

(d) been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Director
or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, our directors and executive officers were not involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K in the past ten years. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

The
Company is not subject to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act Exchange Act. 

Code
of Ethics 

A
code of business conduct and ethics is a written standard designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote (a) honest and ethical conduct,
(b) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public statements, (c) compliance with applicable
laws, rules and regulations, (d) the prompt reporting violation of the code and (e) accountability for adherence to the code. We are
not currently subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that we adopt a code of ethics; however, we intend to adopt one in the
near future. 

Board
of Directors 

All
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified,
or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the board. 

Our
directors are reimbursed for expenses incurred by them in connection with attending board meetings and receive a monthly honorarium for
serving on the board. 

Lawrence
Garcia, CEO and majority Shareholder is our only non-independent director. 

12 

Because
our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition of independence 
of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director 
is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the Company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including,
 among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

a
 family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the Company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which the Company made, or from which the Company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 years, any of the executive officers of the Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. 

Compensation
committee 

The
board of directors plans to establish a compensation committee as required by Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The committee will make compensation
recommendation to the board. 

2022
Equity Incentive Plan 

Our
Board of Directors and stockholders owning a majority of our outstanding shares plans to adopt an Equity Incentive Plan during 2023.
Details of the plan will be developed with the input of the Board of Directors along with the then established compensation committee. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer, or persons performing similar functions, because of the small number of persons involved in the management of the Company. 

13 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
positions and salaries: 

Name
 and Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Other
 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Lawrence
 Garcia - CEO 
 2022 
 146,551 
 - 
 21,279 
 167,830 

2021 
 129,190 
 - 
 19,789 
 148,979 

Michael
 Goossen, CPA - CFO (1) 
 2022 
 134,250 
 - 
 650 
 134,900 

2021 
 98,423 
 - 
 - 
 98,423 

(1) Mr.
 Goossen was an independent consultant until August 1, 2022. 

Employment
Agreements 

Prior
to merger date no employment agreements were in place. It is the intention of ownership to rely on the recommendation of the compensation
committee appointed by the Board of Directors. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There
were no outstanding equity awards held by our officers as of December 31, 2021. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans and Awards 

There
were no awards made to a named executive officer in fiscal 2022 and 2021 under any long-term incentive plan. 

Director
Compensation 

Directors
are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority
to fix the compensation of directors. 

Payments
to Directors totaled 35,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

14 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. All
share ownership figures include shares of our Common Stock issuable upon securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of our Common
Stock within sixty (60) days of March 20, 2023 which are deemed outstanding and beneficially owned by such person for purposes of computing
his or her percentage ownership, but not for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Name
 and Address 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage 
 of Class (1) 
 
 Lawrence
 Garcia 
 80,578,125 
 86,26 
 
 Michael
 Goossen, CPA 
 2,671,875 
 2.86 
 
 Douglas
 Anderson 
 3,515,625 
 3.76 
 
 All
 officers/directors as a group (3 people) 
 86,765,625 
 92.88 

(1) Based
 on 94,471,302 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 20, 2023. 

Appointed
 on December 09, 2022. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Related
Party Transactions 

There
are no related party transactions as of the fiscal year ended December 31,2022. 

Independence
of the Board of Directors 

For
a director to be independent under these standards, the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no material
relationship with us, either directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us. Applying
corporate governance standards, and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board of Directors has determined that one
of our directors is independent. This does not constitute an independent board of directors. 

15 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

We
were billed by BF Borgers CPA PC, our independent public accountants for the following professional services it performed for us during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, as set forth in the table below: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees 
 59,400 
 47,200 
 
 Audit
 Related Fees 

Tax
 Fees 

All
 other fees 
 38,500 
 2,700 
 
 TOTAL
 FEES 
 97,900 
 49,900 

Audit
Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements and services that are normally provided by the independent
auditors in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. 

Audit-Related
Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent auditors that are reasonably related to the
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees . 

Tax
Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical
tax advice. 

All
Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items such as financial statements reviews and quarterly filing
reviews. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

All
of the services rendered to us by our independent registered public accountants were pre-approved by the Board. 

16 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

Financial
Statements 

The
following financial statements of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are
presented in the F pages of this report: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2020 
 
 F-3 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 
 
 F-5 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(b)
Exhibits 

See
the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this report, which Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERIGUARD
 SECURITY SERVICES, INC. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lawrence Garcia 

Name: 
 Lawrence
 Garcia 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Goossen 

Name: 
 Michael
 Goosen 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 

18 

AMERIGUARD
SECURITY SERVICES, INC. 

 Exhibit
Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of AMERIGUARD SECURITY SERVICES, INC., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of AMERIGUARD SECURITY SERVICES, INC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company- Ameriguard Security Services, Inc. (California) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 Interactive
 data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Exhibits
 filed herewith. 

19 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statement of Shareholders Deficit for the Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/S/ (PCAOB ID 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

AmeriGuard
Security Services, Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net (note 1) 

Prepaid
 insurance 

Related
 Party Receivable (note 3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Current Assets 

Other
 Non-Current Assets 

Fixed
 assets, net depreciation (note 4) 

Operating
 Lease 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Non-Current Assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 Interest Due (note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 Payroll 

Payroll
 liability - Pension (note 5) 

Current
 portion of notes payable (note 6) 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long
 Term Liabilities 

Long
 term portion of notes payable (note 6) 

Operating
 Lease 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 

Stockholders 
 equity 

Common
 stock, par value, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Note 7) 

Retained
 earnings/(defecit) 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

AmeriGuard
Security Services, Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the 
Years Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Security
 Services 

Other
 related income 

Total
 Revenue 

Cost
 of Services 

Salaries
 and related taxes 

Employee
 benefits 

Sub-Contractor
 payments 

Guard
 training 

Vehicles
 and equipment expenses 

Total
 Cost of Services 

Gross
 Margin 

Operating
 Expenses 

Salaries,
 payroll taxes and benefits 

Vehicle
 expense 

Professional
 services 

Cellular
 services 

General
 liability insurance 

Advertising
 and marketing 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Loan
 interest 

Depreciation
 expense 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Net
 Income/(Loss) from Operations 

Other
 Income (Expenses) 

Other
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other
 (Expense) 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Other Income 
 
 - 

Net
 Income/(loss) before Income Taxes 

Income
 tax expense 

Net
 Income/(loss) 

Net
 Income/(loss) per Common Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

AmeriGuard
Security Services, Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED December 31, 2021 and 2022 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-In 
 Stockholders 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Equity 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December
 31, 2020 

Owner draws (pre-merger) 
 - 
 - 

Equity Merger 

Cancelation and conversion
 of preferred stock 

Net
 Income for year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Owner draws (pre-merger) 

Shareholder buyout 

Retained Deficit of
 merger with related entity 

Net
 (Loss) for year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

AmeriGuard
Security Services, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the 
Years Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities 

Net
 Income/(Loss) 

Adjustment
 to reconcile net loss from operations: 

Changes
 in Operating Assets and Liabilities 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Prepaid
 insurance 

Depreciation 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 Interest 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 Payroll 

Payroll
 liability - Pension 

Net
 Cash (Used)/provided in Operating Activities 

Cash
 Flows Used from Investing Activities 

Purchase
 of fixed assets 

Building
 improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of Shell Corporations - AGSS 
 - 

Payment
 for Shareholder buyout 
 
 - 
 
 Loan
 principle payments 

Owner
 distributions 

Net
 Cash Used by Investing Activities 

Cash
 Provided from Financing Activities 

Secure
 Transportation vehicle loan 
 - 

Operating
 lease asset 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash
 at Beginning of Period 

Cash
 at End of Period 

Supplemental
 Cash Flow Information: 

Income
 Taxes Paid 

Interest
 Paid 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Operating
 leases - right of use asset 

Operating
 leases - lease liability 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

shares of no-par value stock held by Lawrence Garcia, President and CEO with shares and Lillian Flores,
VP of Operations with shares. The Company provides armed guard services as a federal contractor with licenses in 5 states and provides
commercial guard services in California. 

On
July 7, 2021, the Company, entered into an agreement to gain 100 control of Health Revenue Assurance Holdings, Inc (HRAA) a public corporation,
incorporated in Nevada, by the purchase of shares of Preferred A-1 Stock from the seller, Custodian Ventures LLC. The purchase
of HRAA allowed the Company to begin plans to consummate a reverse merger with HRAA becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of a public company.
In March of 2022, a Certificate of Amendment was filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, changing the name of HRAA, to Ameriguard Security
Services, Inc. (AGSS). Shortly thereafter, a stock name and ticker change report was filed with the SEC and the stock ticker of HRAA
was changed to AGSS. 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company executed the reverse merger agreement and became the subsidiary of AGSS. From that point forward, the financial
statement filings will be the consolidation of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc, a Nevada company with Ameriguard Security Services,
Inc. a California company. 

The
Company s accounting year end is December 31. 

Basis
of Presentation 

These
financial statements are presented in United States dollars and have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

The
risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we are or may face in the future. If any of the following do occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

The
company receives over of its total revenue from four Federal contracts as described in Note 9 below. These contracts have specific
terms, typically five years with the opportunity for extension, but there are no assurances they will be extended. Although we have had
several extended in the past, there is no guarantee this will again happened in the future. However, there are significant direct expenses
for each contract that also are removed from operations at the end of a contract. As a result, the revenue lost from a completed contract
does not affect the bottom-line profits in an amount equal to the revenue lost. The actual net income impact depends on the contract. 

The
process required to acquire a government contract takes several months to complete prior to delivery of the proposal to the contracting
agency. Due to the time span required to prepare a proposal and wining the contract is not guaranteed, the company maintains a department
of individuals who monitor and write proposals for all government contracts that become open for bid on a continuing basis. It is important
to the company that new contracts are acquired consistently to maintain and grow annual revenue. 

Other
risks to operations consist of State and Federal regulations, staffing shortages, the ongoing impact of COVID, accelerating inflation,
and overall business environment issues we cannot foresee. 

and respectively. 

years, with Leasehold improvements useful life is Years. 

t believe such returns will be material. 

. In March 2022, Health Revenue Assurance Holdings, Inc. name was changed to Ameriguard Security
Services Inc. (AGSS). On December 9, 2022, we signed the definitive merger agreement initiating a reverse merger with AGSS, resulting
in the Company becoming a 100 owned subsidiary of AGSS. Prior to the merger, the Company funded the operational expenses of AGSS and
treated these expenses as related party expenses. These expenses we eliminated when the two companies were consolidated for the financial
statement presentation. 

The
receivable balances on December 31, 2022, and 2021 were and respectively. 

- 
 
 Machinery
 and Equipment 

Vehicles 

Total
 Fixed Assets 

Accumulated
 Depreciation 

Fixed
 Assets, Net 

and respectively. 

that was used
to close out the Citibank loan in the amount of with the remaining balance after expenses held in reserve. The SBA loan is a
 -year loan with monthly principal and interest payments. Interest rate is variable at , adjusted every calendar
quarter. Interest rate on December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and respectively. Balance remaining on the SBA loan was and
 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

In
January 2020, the Company entered into a financing agreement with Master Security Company for the purchase of vehicles, guns, and guard
equipment for the National Institute of Health USEPA contract which began May 2020. The principal financed was , with interest
of for a term of months. Resulting in a monthly principal and interest payment of . Balance remaining in the amount of 
and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

In
December 2021, the Company entered into a financing agreement with Secure Transportation Inc. for the purchase of three used vehicles
in the amount of . Note requires 12 equal payments of with a calculated interest rates of with the first payment December
15, 2021. Balance remaining in the amount of and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

On
July 7, 2022, the Company entered into a buyout agreement with a shareholder Lillian Flores. The total buyout amount was representing
 of the calculated business value as of December 31, 2020. Following the initial payment of , the company agreed to make 4
equal installments of principal and interest of 739,508 each December 31, starting 2023. Interest is calculated at a fixed rate of 
compounded semi-annually. The company has accrued interest on December 31, 2022, of . Balance remaining in the amount of . 

The
following schedule details the loans active as of December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Total
 Current Portion 

Long
 term Portion: 

Notes
 and loans payable 

Total
 Long-term Portion 

AGSS shares to the shareholders of Ameriguard Security
Services, Inc (the Company) in exchange for shares of the Company, adding a net increase in common shares outstanding of .
Next was the cancelation and conversion of series A-1 preferred shares held by AGSS on December 31, 2020. The final result in
the total number of shares outstanding is . 

The
next part of stockholder s equity impacted was Additional Paid-in Capital. The impact was a reduction of Paid-in Capital of .
T 

There
were two other transactions that impacted stockholders equity that occurred to the Company s equity section relating to
owner draws and the merger with a related company. As a part of the normal activity of the privately held Company, an S-Corp, shareholders
were distributed funds accounted for as Owner Draws. The owner draw accounts were used primarily for taxes paid by the shareholders due
to profits of the S-Corp being transferred to their personal returns along with some personal expenses and personal cash needs. For 2021,
there was approximately posted as Owner draw from historical balances of related party receivables. As part of the preparation
for merger these inter-company balances were removed through the owner draw accounts. Total owner draw amounts were and 
for December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

and in guard service revenue for the years 2022 and 2021 respectively. Of the
total guard service revenue, approximately was earned from four federal contracts operated by the company. The contracts and their
respective terms are as follows: 

Social
 Security Administration, NSC 
 
 - 
 September 2022 through September 2027 

Social
 security Administration, SSC 
 
 - 
 June 2022 through June 2027 

Social
 Security Administration, WBDOC 
 
 - 
 June 2021 through July 2026 

National
 Institute of Health- EPA 
 
 - 
 May 2020 through March 2025 

. It is anticipated that an agreement may be reached by the end of March 2023. 

Per
Attorney letters received there are no other pending cases or legal matters. 

tax liability for 2022.
Therefore, no provision for income taxes has been included in the accompanying financial statements. 

in 2023,
along with direct expenses that will be reduced by . 

On
March 23, 2023, the 

F- 12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ameriguardsec_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Lawrence Garcia, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 function): 

a) 
 all significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud,
 whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Lawrence Garcia 

Name: 
 Lawrence Garcia 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ameriguardsec_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael Goossen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 function): 

a) 
 all significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud,
 whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Goossen 

Name: 
 Michael Goossen, CPA 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer 
and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ameriguardsec_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc. (the Company ),
for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Company s
 Amended Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Lawrence Garcia 

Name: 
 Lawrence Garcia 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

This
certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ameriguardsec_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer of Ameriguard Security Services, Inc. (the Company ),
for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Company s
 Amended Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Goossen 

Name: 
 Michael Goossen, CPA 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer 
and principal accounting officer) 

This
certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 agss-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 agss-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 agss-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 agss-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

