<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1068689_0001493152-23-005934.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>46856264</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>372171</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>38613451</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3507217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1940009</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2161023</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-005934.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224125039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-005934
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		174
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001068689
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				860914051
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30542
		FILM NUMBER:		23665175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4000 SANCAR DRIVE
		CITY:			TRIANGLE RESEARCH PARK
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27709
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919-858-6542

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4000 SANCAR DRIVE
		CITY:			TRIANGLE RESEARCH PARK
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27709

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LandStar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DATA443 RISK MITIGATION, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LANDSTAR INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100909

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-005934.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

101 J Morris Commons Lane, Suite 105 

 Morrisville, North Carolina, 27560 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A

N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial

 statements
of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial

statements.

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 
240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

Aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022: . 

The
number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 24 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

OTHER
INFORMATION 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we , us , our , ATDS , the registrant ,
and the Company refer to DATA443 RISK MITIGATION, INC., a Nevada corporation, unless otherwise stated. SEC 
and the Commission refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All
share and per share amounts in this Annual Report reflect the 1-for-8 reverse stock split effected on March 8, 2022. 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

Item 1. Business. 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 26 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 27 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 27 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 27 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 27 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 31 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 40 
 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 40 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 40 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 40 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 42 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 
 42 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 42 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 44 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 47 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 48 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 48 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 51 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Signatures 
 52 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Except
for historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations,
assumptions, and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on our business, and are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and stock price. We have attempted to identify forward-looking
statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, can, continue, could, 
 estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, 
 predicts, should, will, would , if, shall , might ,
 will likely result, projects , goal , objective , or continues , or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology, although the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our business strategy, development of new products, sales
levels, expense levels, cash flows, future commercial and financing matters, future partnering opportunities and other statements regarding
matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We believe that these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in
the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

we
 will need additional capital to fund our operations; 

there
 is doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 

we
 will face intense competition in our market, and we may lack sufficient financial and other resources to maintain and improve our
 competitive position; 

we
 are dependent on the continued services and performance of our founder chief executive officer, Jason Remillard; 

our
 common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink and is thinly-traded, reducing your ability to liquidate your investment in us; 

we
 have a history of losses and may incur future losses, which may prevent us from attaining profitability; 

the
 market price of our common stock may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance; 

we
 have shares of preferred stock that have special rights that could limit our ability to undertake corporate transactions, inhibit
 potential changes of control and reduce the proceeds available to our common stockholders in the event of a change in control; 

we
 have never paid and do not intend to pay cash dividends; 

our
 current sole director and chief executive officer has the ability to control all matters submitted to stockholders for approval,
 which limits minority stockholders ability to influence corporate affairs; and 

the
 other risks described in Risk Factors . 

The
risks described above should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read with the other cautionary statements in this Annual Report. 

3 

Although
we base these forward-looking statements on assumptions that we believe are reasonable when made, we caution you that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and
industry developments may differ materially from statements made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report. The matters summarized under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ,
 Business , and elsewhere in this Annual Report could cause our actual results to differ significantly from those contained
in our forward-looking statements. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and industry developments
are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may not be indicative
of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

We
operate in a very competitive and rapidly-changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management
to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of
factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Moreover,
except as required by law, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual
Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. You should, however, review the risks we describe
in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review
and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report. 

Comparisons
of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, unless
specifically expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 

CERTAIN
REFERENCES AND NAMES OF OTHERS USED HEREIN 

This
Annual Report may contain additional trade names, trademarks, and service marks of others, which are the property of their respective
owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship
with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Our
company was incorporated as LandStar, Inc., a Nevada corporation, on May 4, 1998. We provide data security and privacy management solutions
across the enterprise and in the cloud. With over 10,000 customers, we provide the visibility and control needed to protect data at scale,
regardless of format, location, or consumer, and to facilitate compliance with fast-changing global data privacy requirements. Our customers
include established leaders and up-and-coming businesses spanning the private and public/government sectors across diverse industries
and fields, including financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, retail, technology, and telecommunications. 

The
ransomware landscape and other threats to data have accelerated the rate at which businesses are adopting data security solutions, and
we believe that our portfolio of data security and privacy products provides an encompassing solution set such that we are well positioned
to capitalize on this trend and establish our products as new data privacy and security standards. Our offerings are anchored in reliable
and comprehensive privacy management and equip organizations with a seamless approach to safeguard data, protect against attacks, and
otherwise mitigate the most critical risks. 

4 

We
believe that sector-specific US laws, state-level legislation, and outside-the-United States regulations are confounding enterprises
of all sizes for whom safeguarding and stewarding data is key, but for whom becoming specialists in privacy and security is not feasible.
For many of these enterprises, we can bridge the gap between their need to protect data and their need to use their resources to grow
their core business, by offering turnkey solutions and related counseling and technical support to offset risks from data breaches and
security incidents of various types. We provide products and services for the marketplace that are designed to protect data that is stored
in the cloud, on-premises, and in hybrid cloud/on-premises environments, and data that is transmitted throughout the enterprise, including
but not limited to by remote employees. Our suite of security products focuses on protecting sensitive files and email, confidential
customer, patient and employee data, financial records, strategic and product plans, intellectual property and other proprietary information,
allowing our customers to create, share, and protect their sensitive data wherever it is stored and however it is used. 

We
deliver solutions and capabilities that businesses can use in conjunction with their use of established cloud vendors such as Microsoft 
Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and Amazon Web Services (AWS), as well as with on-premises databases and database applications
and with virtualization platforms, such as those hosted or configured using VMWare , Citrix , and Oracle products. 

We
sell or plan to sell substantially all of our products and services through a sales model that combines the leverage of a channel sales
model or direct account management, thereby providing us with opportunities to grow our current customer base and deliver our value proposition
for data privacy and security. We endeavor to use subscription models to license products and services, commonly for a paid in-advance,
multiyear term that is auto-renewing. We also make use of channel partners, distributors, and resellers which sell to end-users of the
products and services. This approach allows us to maintain close relationships with our customers and benefit from the global reach of
our partners. Additionally, we are enhancing our product offerings and go-to-market strategy by establishing technology alliances within
the IT infrastructure and security vendor ecosystem. Our sales and marketing focus for new organic growth is on organizations with 500
or more users who are adopting cloud services and can make larger purchases with us over time and have a greater potential lifetime value. 

We
continue to onboard to cloud-native technology adoption portals such as the Microsoft Azure Marketplace and the Amazon AWS
Marketplace. Vendors may offer incentives to us as a software and services provider to onboard and market via their marketplace portals. 

We
strive to create new and innovative products and to improve existing products, proactively identifying and solving the data security
needs of our customers. 

As
cloud adoption continues to accelerate, data privacy requirements get more complex, and data security becomes more challenging, we believe
we are well positioned to capture more market share, continue to lead in strategic data security technology development, and prepare
organizations for the next epoch in IT data privacy services. 

Market
Opportunity 

By 2024, according to a study from Gartner, Inc.,
it is expected that 30 of enterprises will have adopted data security platforms, up from less than 5 in 2019. Gartner, Inc. also stated
in another report titled Predicts 2022: Consolidated Security Platforms Are The Future that customers are working on vendor
consolidation strategies aggressively in addition to expecting a portfolio or stack approach to their purchasing requirements. 

We expect that current market conditions, recent data
thefts, ransomware shutdowns and continued variability in the worldwide worker and retail marketplace will continue to position our product
line front and center for many strategic IT and critical board-level opportunities with customers. 

The competitive marketplace continues to consolidate via buyouts, take-private transactions and large unicorn 
competitors being acquired prior to their initial public offerings. We believe that these changes in ownership, closure of product lines
and general turmoil in certain product segments represent opportunities for us. 

We
believe that the functionalities offered by our programs and services position us to benefit from this growing market. Furthermore, as we
continue to grow our business, we believe that we may have opportunities to expand into collateral growing markets, such IT operations
management, storage management and data integration. 

5 

Our
Products 

Each
of our major product lines provides features and functionality that we believe enable our customers to optimally secure their data. Our
products are modular, giving our customers the flexibility to select what they require for their business needs and to expand their usage
by simply adding a license. We currently offer the following products and services: 

Data443 
 Ransomware Recovery Manager (also known as SmartShield ), a unique offering designed to recover a workstation immediately
 upon infection to the last known business-operable state, without requiring any end user or IT administrator intervention. 

Data443 
 Data Identification Manager (also known as ClassiDocs and FileFacets ), our data classification and governance
 technology, which supports the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), the General Personal Data Protection Law
 LGPD (Brazil) and the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR (Europe) compliance in a
 Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform that performs sophisticated data discovery and content searching of structured and
 unstructured data within corporate networks, servers, content management systems, email, desktops, and laptops. 

Data443 
 Data Archive Manager (also known as ArcMail ), a simple, secure, and cost-effective enterprise data retention management
 and archiving. 

Data443 
 Sensitive Content Manager (also known as ARALOC ), a secure, cloud-based platform for managing, protecting and distributing
 digital content to desktop and mobile devices, which protects an organization s confidential content and intellectual property
 assets from accidental leakage or intentional misappropriation - without impeding all other authorized users of the content and stakeholders from collaborating. 

Data443 
 Data Placement Manager (also known as DATAEXPRESS ), a data transport, transformation, and delivery product trusted by leading
 financial organizations worldwide. 

Data443 
 Access Control Manager (also known as Resilient Access ), enables fine-grained access controls across a wide variety
 of platforms at scale for internal client systems and commercial public cloud platforms like Salesforce , Box.Net, Google 
 G Suite, Microsoft OneDrive, and others. 

Data443 
 Blockchain Protection Manager (also known as ClassiDocs for Blockchain), provides an active implementation for the Ripple
 XRP that protects blockchain transactions from inadvertent disclosure and data leaks. 

Data443 
 Global Privacy Manager , the privacy compliance and consumer loss mitigation platform which is integrated with Data443 Data
 Identification Manager to do the delivery portions of GDPR and CCPA as well as process privacy-related requests under such laws,
 and therefore enables customers to manage the full range of privacy-law driven requirements, such as responding to permitted consumer
 demands for access or removal, as well as to remediate issues and monitor and report on status and compliance. 

Data443 
 IntellyWP , products for enhancing the user experience for the world s largest content management platform, WordPress. 

Data443 
 Chat History Scanner , which scans chat messages for compliance, security, personally identifiable information (PII), personal
 information (PI), payment card industry (PCI) information as well as any custom keywords selected by the customer, and which can
 be used with third party platforms such as the Zoom Video Communications, Inc. video conferencing platform. 

Data443 
 - GDPR Framework, CCPA Framework, and LGPD Framework WordPress Plugins , which help organizations of all sizes comply with
 privacy rules and regulations from Europe, California, and Brazil, and are currently used by over 30,000 active site owners. We
 offer the plugins with a freemium business model, i.e., basic features at no cost and additional or more advanced
 features at a premium. 

Growth
Strategy 

Our
objective is to be a leading provider of data security products and services. The following are key elements of our growth strategy: 

Acquisitions .
We intend to aggressively pursue acquisitions of other cybersecurity software and services providers focused on the data security sector.
We target companies with a steady client base, as well as companies with complementary product offerings. 

6 

Research
 Development; Innovation . We intend to increase our spending on research and development to drive innovation to improve
existing products and deliver new products. We intend to work towards proactively identifying and solving the data security needs
of our clients. 

Grow
Our Customer Base . We believe that the continued rise in enterprise data and increased cybersecurity concerns will increase demand
for our services and products. We intend to capitalize on this demand by targeting new customers. 

Expand
Our Sales Force . Expanding our salesforce will be essential to achieving our customer base expansion goals. We intend
to expand our sales capacity by adding headcount throughout our sales and marketing department. 

Focus
on EU Opportunities . We believe there is a significant opportunity for our products and services in the EU and other international
markets to enable compliance with the GDPR. Focusing on international markets will be a key component of our
growth strategy. 

Our
Customers 

Our
current customer base is comprised primarily of customers purchasing ARALOC, ArcMail, DataExpress, and ClassiDocs products. Our customers
vary greatly in size, ranging from small and medium businesses to large enterprises. 

Services 

Maintenance
and Support 

Our
intended customers will typically purchase software maintenance and support as part of their initial purchase of our products. These
maintenance agreements provide customers the right to receive support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they become
available during the maintenance period and access to our technical support services. We will maintain a customer support organization
that provides all levels of support to our customers. 

Professional
Services 

While
users can easily download, install and deploy our software on their own, we anticipate that certain enterprises will use our professional
service team to provide fee-based services, which include training our customers in the use of our products, providing advice on deployment
planning, network design, product configuration, and implementation, automating and customizing reports and tuning policies and configuration
of our products for the particular characteristics of the customer s environment. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
intend to sell the majority of our products and services directly to our end users/clients. We will also propose to effect sales through
a network of channel partners, selling the products they purchase from us. We have a highly-trained professional sales force responsible for overall market development, including the management of the relationships with our channel partners and supporting
channel partners. 

Marketing 

Our
marketing strategy focuses on building our brand and product awareness, increasing customer adoption and demand, communicating advantages
and business benefits, and generating leads for our channel partners and sales force. We will market our products as a solution for securing
and managing file systems and enterprise data and protecting against cyber-attacks. Our internal marketing organization will be responsible
for branding, content generation, and product marketing. Our marketing efforts will also include public relations in multiple regions,
analyst relations, customer marketing, and extensive content development available through our website and social media outlets. 

Seasonality 

Our
business is not subject to seasonality. 

Research
and Development 

While
currently limited, our planned research and development efforts are expected to focus on improving and enhancing our existing products
and services and developing new products, features, and functionality. We plan to regularly release new versions of our products, incorporating new features and enhancements to existing ones. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
require key employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting
relationship. We also require relevant employees to assign all rights to any inventions made or conceived during their employment
with us to us. In addition, we require individuals and entities with whom we discuss potential business relationships to sign
non-disclosure agreements. Our agreements with clients include confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions. We cannot assure you
that our steps will prevent the misappropriation of our trade secrets, technology, or intellectual property infringement. In
addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United
States. Many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United
States. 

We
currently make use of a number of trademarks in our business, including, without limitation, the following: 

ClassiDocs 

ARALOC 

DataExpress 

Unlike
copyrights and patents, trademark rights can last indefinitely so long as the owner continues to use the mark to identify its goods or
services. The term of a federal trademark is ten years, with ten-year renewal terms. The expiry dates for the federal trademark on the
three trademarks we make use of in our business are as follows: 

ClassiDocs : September 14, 2027 

ARALOC :
September 14, 2027 

DataExpress:
 September 14, 2027 

7 

Competition 

The
industry in which we compete is highly competitive. Many companies offer similar products and services for data security. We may be at
a substantial disadvantage to our competitors, who have more capital than we do to carry out operations and marketing efforts. We hope
to maintain our competitive advantage by offering quality at a competitive price and utilizing our management team s experience, knowledge, and expertise. 

We
will face competition from more established companies that have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, larger sales,
marketing, research and acquisition resources, access to larger customer bases and channel partners, a longer operating history and lower
labor and development costs, which may enable them to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements
or devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products than we do. Increased competition could result in
us failing to attract customers or maintain them. It could also lead to price cuts, alternative pricing structures, or the introduction
of products available for free or a nominal price, reduced gross margins, longer sales cycles, and loss of market share. If we are unable
to compete successfully against current and future competitors, our business and financial condition may be harmed. 

Employees 

As
of January 31, 2023, we had 22 employees and 5 independent contractors, of which two were considered to be part of our management team;
our CEO, Jason Remillard, and CFO, Greg McCraw. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees
to be good. We believe that we will be successful in attracting experienced and capable personnel. Our employees are not represented
by any labor union. 

Government
regulation 

We
are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, which may include business licensing requirements,
income taxes and payroll taxes. In general, the development and operation of our business are not subject to special regulatory and/or
supervisory requirements. 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS
Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise generally
applicable to public companies. As a result, the information that we provide to stockholders may be different than the information you
may receive from other public companies in which you hold equity. For example, as long as we are an emerging growth company: 

we
 are not required to engage an auditor to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

we
 are not required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB,
 regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the
 audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

we
 are not required to submit certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay, 
 say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachutes and 

we
 are not required to comply with certain disclosure requirements related to executive compensation, such as the requirement to disclose
 the correlation between executive compensation and performance and the requirement to present a comparison of our Chief Executive
 Officer s compensation to our median employee compensation. 

8 

We
may take advantage of these reduced disclosure and other requirements until the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our IPO, or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. For example, if certain events occur
before the end of such five-year period, including if we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue, have more than 700 million
in market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year
period, we will cease to be an emerging growth company. 

As
mentioned above, the JOBS Act permits us, as an emerging growth company, to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply
with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected not to opt out of the extended transition period
which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised, and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
as an emerging growth company, we can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make it difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used to compare our financial statements
with the financial statements of a public company that is not an emerging growth company, or the financial statements of an emerging
growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period. 

Recent
Developments 

On
January 5, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment which (i) reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (our Common Stock to 125,000,000; and, (ii) effected a reverse stock split (the 1-for-8 Reverse Stock Split of our issued Common
Stock at a ratio of 1-for-8. The 1-for-8 Reverse Stock split became effective at the start of trading on March 8, 2022. As a result of
the 1-for-8 Reverse Stock Split, every eight shares of our issued and outstanding Common Stock was converted into one share of Common
Stock. All share and per share amounts in this Annual Report reflect the 1-for-8 Reverse Stock Split. 

On
January 19, 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Centurion Holdings I, LLC Centurion to acquire
the intellectual property rights and certain assets collectively known as Centurion SmartShield Home and SmartShield Enterprise, patented
technology that protects and recovers devices in the event of ransomware attacks. The total purchase price of 3,400,000 consisted of (i) a 250,000 cash payment at closing; (ii) a 2,900,00 promissory note issued by us in favor of Centurion; and (iii) 250,000 in the
form of a contingent payment. 

Available
Information 

We
file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information
with the SEC. Any materials that we file with the SEC are available free of charge on the website maintained by the SEC. The Internet
address of the SEC s website is http://www.sec.gov . We also make our reports and other information available, free of charge,
on our website at www.data443.com. Our corporate offices are located at 4000 Sancar Drive, Suite 400, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina
27709. Our telephone number is 919-858-6542. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing
in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as other information
in this Annual Report, before deciding whether to invest in the shares of our Common Stock. The occurrence of any of the events described
below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the case of such an event,
the trading price of our Common Stock may decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

9 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Risk Factors in this Annual Report,
any of which could materially and adversely impact our business and operations, adversely impact our growth prospects, cause us to incur
additional costs or liabilities and/or cause the price of our Common Stock to decline. You should carefully consider these risks and
uncertainties when investing in our Common Stock. Some of the principal risks and uncertainties include the following: 

We
 will require additional funds in the future to achieve our current business strategy; 

Technology
 is constantly changing and evolving and the continued viability of our products and services requires that we keep up with an ever-changing
 technological landscape; 

We
 face intense competition in our market, especially from larger, well-established companies; 

We
 are dependent on the continued services and performance of our founder and Chief Executive Officer; 

We
 may be unable to attract new customers and/or expand sales to existing customers; 

We
 may be unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners; 

We
 may be subject to breaches in our security, cyberattacks or other cyber risks; 

We
 may be unable to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights; 

We
 may be subject to real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our technology; 

We
 are subject to federal, state and industry privacy and data security regulations; 

Our
 business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations; 

Our
 business is subject to the risks of pandemic, fire, power outages, floods, earthquakes, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption
 by manmade problems such as terrorism and war; 

Our
 operations may continue to increase in complexity as we grow, which will add additional challenges to the management of our business
 in the future; 

We
 may be unable to secure necessary financing on acceptable terms and in a timely manner; 

There
 is no assurance that future financing from Mr. Remillard will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory
 to us; 

We
 may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms, or we may be unable to
 successfully integrate acquisitions; 

The
 JOBS Act allows us to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors and
 to reduce the amount of information we provide in reports filed with the SEC; 

Failure
 to implement proper and effective internal controls or to remediate weakness in internal accounting controls could result in material
 misstatements in our financial statements. 

We
 have secured debt, which could have adverse consequences to you; 

We
 may not be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms; 

In
 the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of our assets, our Common Stock will rank junior to all of our liabilities to
 third party creditors, and to any class or series of our capital stock created after this offering that, by its terms, ranks senior
 to our Common Stock; 

Future
 issuances of debt securities and preferred stock may adversely affect the return of your investment; 

Our
 Common Stock is subject to the SEC s penny stock rules; 

10 

Our
 Common Stock has historically experienced low trading volume on the OTC Pink, and therefore the price may not accurately reflect
 our value and there can be no assurance that an active market for our Common Stock will develop, either now or in the future; 

We
 have had a history of losses and may incur future losses, which may prevent us from attaining profitability; 

There
 is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 

We
 currently have outstanding shares of preferred stock that have special rights that could limit our ability to undertake corporate
 transactions, inhibit potential changes of control and reduce the proceeds available to our Common Stock holders in the event of
 a change in control; 

Our
 Chief Executive Officer has the ability to control all matters submitted to stockholders for approval; 

We
 will continue to incur substantial costs as a result of operating as a public reporting company, and our management will be required
 to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives; 

We
 may issue additional shares of our Common Stock, which may dilute current stockholders; 

Our
 management will have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from this offering; 

Adverse
 or uncertain macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions or reduced IT spending may adversely impact our business, revenues, and profitability;
 and 

Prolonged
 economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
will require additional funds in the future to achieve our current business strategy and an inability to obtain funding could cause our
business to fail. 

We
will need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings in order to fund our future operations and fulfill
our future contractual obligations. These financings may not be available when needed. Even if these financings are available, they may
be on terms that we deem unacceptable or that are materially adverse to your interests with respect to dilution of book value, dividend
preferences, liquidation preferences, or other terms. Our inability to obtain financing could have an adverse effect on our ability to
implement our business plan and develop our products, and as a result, could diminish our sales or require us to suspend our operations
and possibly cease our existence. 

Even
if we are successful in raising capital in the future, we will likely need to raise additional capital to continue and/or expand our
operations. If we do not raise the additional capital, the value of any investment in us may become worthless. 

If
we do raise additional capital but from other than conventional sources, we may need to scale back or otherwise adjust our growth strategy
which may prevent us from fully implementing our business plan. 

Technology
is constantly changing and evolving and the continued viability of our products and services requires that we keep up with an ever-changing
technological landscape. 

Our
industry is categorized by rapid technological progression, ever-increasing innovation, changes in customer requirements, and frequent
new product introductions, and we may be subject to legal and regulatory compliance mandates as the relevant law develops in the fields
in which our products are used. As a result, we must continually change and improve our products in response to such changes, and our
products must also successfully interface with products from other vendors, which are also subject to constant changes. While we believe
we have the competency to aid our customers in all aspects of data privacy and security, we will need to constantly improve our current
assets and offerings to keep up with technological advances that are expected to occur. 

11 

We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to anticipate future market needs and opportunities or be able to develop new products and services
or expand the functionality of our current products and services in a timely manner or at all. Even if we are able to anticipate, develop,
and introduce new products and expand the functionality of our current products, there can be no assurance that enhancements or new products
will achieve widespread market acceptance: If they do not, our business may be adversely affected and we may have to cease operations
altogether. 

We
face intense competition in our market, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial and
other resources to maintain and improve our competitive position. 

The
market for data privacy and security and other data governance solutions is intensely competitive and is characterized by constant change
and innovation. We face competition from both traditional, larger software vendors offering enterprise-wide software frameworks and services
and smaller companies offering point solutions for specific identification and data governance issues. We also compete with IT equipment
vendors and systems management solution providers whose products and services address data identification and classification and data
governance requirements. Our principal competitors vary depending on the product. Many of our existing competitors have achieved, and
some of our potential competitors could achieve, substantial competitive advantages due to: 

greater
 name recognition and longer operating histories 

more
 comprehensive and varied products and services 

broader
 market focus 

greater
 resources to develop technologies or make acquisitions 

intellectual
 property portfolios that may limit our ability to market or sell products and services in the United States or markets outside the
 United States 

broader
 distribution capabilities and established relationships with distribution partners and customers 

greater
 customer support resources and 

substantially
 greater financial, technical, and other resources. 

Our
competitors may be able to compete and respond more effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards,
or customer requirements. Our competitors may also seek to extend or supplement their existing products and services to provide data
security and data governance solutions that more closely compete with our products and services offerings. Potential customers may also
prefer to purchase, or incrementally add solutions, from their existing suppliers rather than to onboard with us as a new or additional
supplier regardless of whether our products offer better performance or more features. 

In
addition, with the recent increase in large merger and acquisition transactions in the technology industry, particularly transactions
involving cloud-based technologies, there is a greater likelihood that we will compete with other large technology companies in the future. 

Some
of our competitors have made acquisitions or entered into strategic relationships to provide more comprehensive product offerings in combination
than they were previously able to offer alone. Companies resulting from these possible consolidations and partnerships may be able to
offer more attractive pricing, making them more compelling to customers and more difficult for us to compete with effectively. In addition,
continued industry consolidation may adversely impact customer perceptions of the viability of small- and medium-sized technology companies
and consequently their willingness to purchase from those companies. Conditions in our market could change rapidly and significantly
as a result of technological advancements, partnering among our competitors, or continuing market consolidation. These competitive pressures
in our market or our potential inability to compete effectively may result in price reductions, fewer orders, reduced revenue and gross
margins, increased net losses, and loss of market share. Any failure to meet and address these factors could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

12 

We
are dependent on the continued services and performance of our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Jason Remillard, the loss of whom
could adversely affect our business. 

Our
future performance largely depends on the continued services and contributions of our founder, Chief
Executive Officer and president, Jason Remillard, to successfully manage our company, execute our business plan, identify and pursue new opportunities, and deliver product innovations. The loss of Mr. Remillard s services could
significantly delay or prevent us from achieving our development and strategic objectives and adversely affect our
business. 

If
we are unable to attract new customers and/or expand sales to existing customers, both domestically and internationally, our growth could
be slower than we expect, and our business may be harmed. 

Our
future growth depends in part upon increasing our customer base. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth in
the future will depend upon the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, both domestically and internationally, and our
ability to attract new customers. If we fail to attract new customers, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected, and our
business may be harmed. 

Our
future growth also depends upon expanding sales of our products and services to existing customers and their organizations. If our customers
do not purchase additional licenses or our other offerings related to complementary products and services, our revenues may grow more
slowly than expected, may not grow at all, or may decline. There can be no assurance that our efforts will increase sales
to existing customers and additional revenues. If our efforts are not successful, our business may suffer. 

If
we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners, our business could be adversely affected. 

We
intend to rely to some extent on channel partners, such as distribution partners and resellers, to sell licenses for our products and
to sell our technical support and maintenance services. Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future may depend in part on our
success in maintaining successful relationships with our channel partners. Agreements with channel partners tend to be non-exclusive,
meaning our channel partners may offer customers the products of several different companies. If our channel partners do not effectively
market and sell our products and services, choose to use greater efforts to market and sell their own products or those of others, or
fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business may be adversely affected. Furthermore, agreements with channel
partners generally allow them to terminate their agreements for any reason upon 30 days notice. If we are unable to maintain our
relationships with these channel partners, our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows could be adversely
affected. 

Breaches
in our security, cyberattacks, or other cyber risks could expose us to significant liability and cause our business and reputation to
suffer. 

Our
operations may involve transmitting and processing our customers confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information. We have
legal and contractual obligations to protect the confidentiality of and to use customer data appropriately. Despite our security measures,
our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks due to third-party action, employee error, or misconduct.
Security risks, including, but not limited to, unauthorized use or disclosure of customer data, theft of proprietary information, loss
or corruption of customer data, and computer hacking attacks or other cyberattacks, could expose us to substantial litigation expenses
and damages, indemnity and other contractual obligations, government fines and penalties, mitigation expenses and other liabilities.
We have been subject to attempted cyberattacks in the past and expect to be subject to such attacks in the future. We continuously work
to improve our information technology systems and to create security boundaries around our critical and sensitive assets. We perform
activities to mitigate the risk of attacks and increase our capabilities to responsibly handle any security violation or attack. However,
because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until
successfully launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures.
If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and our
products could be harmed, we could lose potential sales and existing customers, our ability to operate our business could be impaired,
and we may incur significant liabilities. 

13 

Failure
to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business. 

The
success of our business depends on our ability to obtain, protect, and enforce our trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property
rights, such as copyrights and trademarks. We attempt to protect our intellectual property under trade secret, patent, copyright, and
trademark laws, and through a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions, and other methods, all of which offer
only limited protection. The process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may choose not to seek patent
protection for certain innovations. We may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions in which we do or plan to
do business. Not seeking patent protection may limit our options to exclude competitors from using those innovations altogether or in
those jurisdictions. 

Our
policy is to require our employees to execute written agreements in which they assign to us their rights in potential inventions and
other intellectual property created within the scope of their employment. We also require any consultants we engage to provide services
that may result in intellectual property that would benefit us to contractually agree to assign their rights to their inventions or creations
to us, in connection with the engagement. However, we cannot assure you that we have adequately protected our rights in every such agreement
or that we have executed an agreement with every such party. Finally, in order to benefit from intellectual property protection, we must
monitor, detect, and pursue infringement claims in certain circumstances in relevant jurisdictions, all of which is costly and time-consuming.
As a result, we may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 

The
data security, cybersecurity, data retention, and data governance industries are characterized by the existence of a large number of
relevant patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. From time to time,
third parties have asserted and may assert their patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights against us, our
channel partners, or our customers. Successful claims of infringement or misappropriation by a third party could prevent us from distributing
certain products or performing certain services or could require us to pay substantial damages (including, for example, treble damages
if we are found to have willfully infringed patents and increased statutory damages if we are found to have willfully infringed copyrights),
royalties or other fees. Such claims also could require us to cease making, licensing or using solutions that are alleged to infringe
or misappropriate the intellectual property of others or to expend additional development resources to attempt to redesign our products
or services or otherwise to develop non-infringing technology. Even if third parties may offer a license to their technology, the terms
of any offered license may not be acceptable, and the failure to obtain a license or the costs associated with any license could cause
our business, results of operations or financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. In some cases, we indemnify our channel
partners and customers against claims that our products infringe the intellectual property of third parties. Defending against claims
of infringement or being deemed to be infringing the intellectual property rights of others could impair our ability to innovate, develop,
distribute, and sell our current and planned products and services. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights and
ensure that we are not violating the intellectual property rights of others, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others
who need not incur the additional expense, time, and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful
to date. 

Real
or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our technology could adversely affect our growth prospects. 

Because
we develop, use, and provide complex technology, undetected errors, failures, or bugs may occur. Our technology is often installed and
used in a variety of computing environments with different operating system management software, equipment, and networking configurations,
which may cause errors or failures of our technology or other aspects of the computing environment into which it is deployed. In addition,
deployment of our technology into computing environments may expose undetected errors, compatibility issues, failures, or bugs in our
technology. Despite testing by us, errors, failures, or bugs may not be found until our technology is released to our customers. Moreover,
our customers could incorrectly implement or inadvertently misuse our technology, which could result in customer dissatisfaction and
adversely impact the perceived utility of our products. Any of these real or perceived errors, compatibility issues, failures, or bugs
could result in negative publicity, reputational harm, loss of or delay in market acceptance, loss of competitive position, or claims
by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons,
to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. 

14 

We
are subject to federal, state and industry privacy and data security regulations, which could result in additional costs and liabilities
to us or inhibit sales of our software. 

The
regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain fluid and unpredictable for the foreseeable
future. Many federal, state, and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting privacy and data security
laws and regulations. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards. We
also may determine that certain requirements or standards are best practices for us to implement. Because the interpretation and application
of privacy and data protection laws can be uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that
is inconsistent with our existing data security practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims,
we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our technology, which could have an adverse
effect on our business. Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy or
data protection laws, regulations and policies, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales
and adversely affect our business. 

Because
our long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the sales and marketing of our technology and solutions to customers
located outside of the United States, our business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 

We
intend to expand our international sales and marketing operations. Conducting international operations subjects us to risks that we may
not face in the United States or may prove more challenging to address. These risks include: 

pandemics,
 political instability, war, armed conflict, or terrorist activities 

challenges
 developing, marketing, selling, and implementing our technology and solutions caused by language, cultural and ethical differences,
 and the competitive environment 

heightened
 risks of unethical, unfair, or corrupt business practices, actual or claimed, in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent
 sales arrangements that may impact financial results and necessitate restatements of or result in irregularities in financial statements 

competition
 from bigger and stronger companies in the new markets 

laws
 imposing heightened restrictions on data use and increased penalties for failure to comply with applicable laws, particularly in
 countries within the European Union (EU) 

currency
 fluctuations 

management
 communication and integration problems resulting from cultural differences and geographic dispersion 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences, including multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures, the complexities of foreign value-added tax
 (VAT) systems, restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and changes in tax rates and 

lack
 of familiarity with local laws, customs and practices, and laws and business practices favoring local competitors or commercial parties. 

The
occurrence of any one of these risks could harm our international business and, consequently, our operating results. Additionally, operating
in international markets requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment
and additional resources required to operate in other countries will produce desired levels of revenue or net income. 

Changes
in financial accounting standards may cause adverse and unexpected revenue fluctuations and impact our results of operations. 

A
change in accounting standards or practices could harm our operating results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed
before the change is effective. New accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or
the questioning of current practices may harm our operating results or the way we conduct our business. Additionally, the adoption of
new or revised accounting principles may require that we make significant changes to our systems process and controls, which could be
time consuming and costly. 

15 

Our
business is subject to the risks of pandemic, fire, power outages, floods, earthquakes, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption
by manmade problems such as terrorism and war. 

A
pandemic, significant natural disaster, such as a fire, flood or an earthquake, or a significant power outage could have a material adverse
impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In the event our customers information technology systems
or our channel partners selling or distribution abilities are hindered by any of these events, we may miss financial targets,
such as revenues and sales targets, for a particular quarter. Furthermore, if a natural disaster occurs in a region from which we derive
a significant portion of our revenue, customers in that region may delay or forego purchases of our products, which may materially and
adversely impact our results of operations for a particular period. In addition, acts of terrorism or war could cause disruptions in
our business or the business of channel partners, customers, or the economy as a whole. All of the aforementioned risks may be exacerbated
if the disaster recovery plans for us and our channel partners prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above results in
delays or cancellations of customer orders, or delays in producing, deploying or shipping our products or delivering our services, our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

We
anticipate that our operations will continue to increase in complexity as we grow, which will add additional challenges to the management
of our business in the future. 

We
expect that our business will grow as we execute on our business plan, and that as we grow, our operations will increase in complexity.
To effectively manage this growth, we have made and continue to make substantial investments to improve our operational, financial and
management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures. Further, as our customer base grows, we will need to expand our
professional services and other personnel. We also will need to effectively manage our direct and indirect sales processes as the number
and type of our sales personnel and channel partners grows and becomes more complex, and as we expand into foreign markets. If we are
unable to effectively manage the increasing complexity of our business and operations, the quality of our technology and customer service
could suffer, and we may not be able to adequately address competitive challenges. These factors could all negatively impact our business,
operations, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
require additional financing to sustain our operations and execute our business plan. If we fail to secure the required additional financing
on acceptable terms and in a timely manner, our ability to implement our business plan will be compromised and we may be unable to sustain
our operations. 

We
have limited capital resources and operations. To date, our operations have been funded largely from the proceeds of debt and equity
financings. We will require substantial additional capital in the near future to operate our business. We may be unable to obtain additional
financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Even if we obtain financing for our short-term operations, we expect that we will require
additional capital thereafter. Our capital needs will depend on numerous factors including but not limited to (i) the scale of our marketing
and sales activities, (ii) other expenditures of resources to maintain or increase revenue and (iii) the amount of our capital expenditures,
including acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain capital in the future to meet our needs. If we raise additional
funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership held by our existing shareholders will
be reduced and our shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, new securities may contain rights, preferences, or
privileges that are senior to those of our Common Stock. If we raise additional capital by incurring debt, this will result in increased
interest expense. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of securities, market fluctuations in the price of our shares of
Common Stock could limit our ability to obtain equity financing. We cannot give any assurance that any additional financing will be available
to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable to us. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations would be materially adversely affected, and we could be forced to reduce or discontinue our operations. 

We
have relied on funding from Jason Remillard for working capital to fund operations in the past, and there is no assurance that future
financing from Mr. Remillard will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. 

For
the past several years, we have depended on our Chief Executive Officer, Jason Remillard, for working capital to fund our operations
and to execute our business plan. In addition, we have in the past been and in the future be dependent upon Mr. Remillard to provide
continued funding and capital resources. However, no assurance can be given that future financing from Mr. Remillard will be available
or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. In the absence of financing from other sources, the inability
to obtain additional financing from Mr. Remillard could result in the scaling back or discontinuance of our operations or our inability
to successfully implement our plan of operations. 

16 

We
have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions as a primary component of our growth strategy. We may not be able to identify suitable
acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms, or we may be unable to successfully integrate acquisitions, which
could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our business and operating results. 

A
primary component of our growth strategy is to acquire complementary businesses. We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of complementary
technologies, products, and businesses as a primary component of our growth strategy to enhance the features and functionality of our
offerings, to expand our customer base and access to new markets, and to increase benefits of scale. Acquisitions involve certain known
and unknown risks that could cause our actual growth or operating results to differ from our expectations. For example: 

we
 may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms; 

we
 may pursue international acquisitions, which inherently pose more risks than domestic acquisitions; 

we
 compete with others to acquire complementary products, technologies, and businesses, which may result in decreased availability of,
 or increased price for, suitable acquisition candidates; 

we
 may not be able to obtain the necessary financing on favorable terms or at all, to finance our potential acquisitions; 

we
 may ultimately fail to consummate an acquisition even if we announce that we plan to acquire a technology, product, or business;
 and 

acquired
 technologies, products, or businesses may not perform as we expect and we may fail to realize anticipated revenue and profits. 

In
addition, our acquisition strategy may divert management s attention away from our existing business, resulting in the loss of
key customers or employees, and expose us to unanticipated problems or legal liabilities, including responsibility as a successor for
undisclosed or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses or assets. 

If
we fail to conduct due diligence on our potential targets effectively, we may, for example, not identify problems at target companies
or fail to recognize incompatibilities or other obstacles to successful integration. Our inability to successfully integrate future acquisitions
could impede us from realizing all of the benefits of those acquisitions and could severely weaken our business operations. The integration
process may disrupt our business and, if new technologies, products, or businesses are not implemented effectively, may preclude the
realization of the full benefits expected by us and could harm our results of operations. In addition, the overall integration of new
technologies, products, or businesses may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, and competitive responses. 

In
addition, even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisition,
including the synergies, cost savings, or growth opportunities that we expect. The benefits we do realize may not be achieved within
the anticipated time frame. 

17 

The
JOBS Act allows us to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors and to
reduce the amount of information we provide in reports filed with the SEC. 

The
JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on emerging growth companies. We meet the definition of an emerging
growth company and so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we are, among other things: 

not
 required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which include having an independent registered
 public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting 

subject
 to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exempt from the
 requirement to hold a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute 
 payments not previously approved; 

permitted
 to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of management s discussion and analysis of financial
 condition and results of operations disclosure in this Annual Report; and 

not
 required to comply with any rules that may be adopted by the PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the
 auditor s report on our financial statements. 

We
may choose to take advantage of some or all of these reduced burdens while we qualify as an emerging growth company. We have taken
advantage of all of these reduced burdens in this Annual Report, and currently intend to do so in future filings. As a result, the
information we provide stockholders may be less than information you might receive from other public companies in which you hold
equity. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards
until those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earliest to occur of 1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual
revenue; 2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we qualify as a large accelerated filer , 3) the date on which we
have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and 4) the last day of
the fiscal year in which the fifth anniversary of this offering occurs. 

We
are also currently a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus
the proposed aggregate amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of this offering is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was
less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a
majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company
after this offering if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million as of the last business
day of the second fiscal quarter or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year
and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter.
In the event that we are still considered a smaller reporting company, at the time we cease being an emerging growth company, we may
continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that area available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically,
as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation. 

Decreased
disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors
to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 

Failure
to remediate weakness in internal accounting controls could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and may result
in a lack of certain protections typically afforded to investors. 

As
a reporting company we are required, pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. Our assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our
management in our internal control over financial reporting, and when we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will need to provide
a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. 

18 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. Our management has identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to lack of segregation
of duties resulting from our limited personnel and has concluded that, due to such weakness, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective as of December 31, 2021. We do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable
to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees, and we do not expect
to be able to remediate this weakness until after the offering. If not remediated, or if we identify further weaknesses in our internal
controls, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our Common Stock. 

We
do not have a majority of independent directors on our board of directors, and we have not voluntarily implemented various corporate
governance measures, in the absence of which stockholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions,
conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

Federal
legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote
the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements.
Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ
Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national
securities exchanges are those that address the board of directors independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of
a code of ethics. Although we plan to adopt these corporate governance measures upon our listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we have
not yet adopted any of these other corporate governance measures and since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities
exchange, we are not required to do so. 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of one individual, who is also our executive officer. As a result, we do not have independent directors
on our Board of Directors. Upon our listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we plan to establish audit and compensation committees comprised
only of independent directors. However, until that date, our current sole director has the ability, among other things, to determine
his own level of compensation and to unilaterally make certain other governance decisions. and the prior absence of such standards of
corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested-director transactions, conflicts of interest,
and similar matters. 

We
have secured debt, which could have adverse consequences to you. 

The
terms of the secured debt we have incurred could result in adverse consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

limiting
 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate requirements; 

limiting
 our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 

placing
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt and greater financial resources. 

If
our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital
expenditures, sell material assets or operations, obtain additional capital, or restructure our debt. In the event that we are required
to dispose of material assets or operations to service our debt and to meet our other obligations, the value realized on such assets
or operations will depend on market conditions and the availability of buyers. Accordingly, any such sale may not, among other things,
be for a sufficient dollar amount. Certain of our obligations are secured by a security interest in all of our assets. The foregoing
encumbrances may limit our ability to dispose of material assets or operations. We also may not be able to restructure our indebtedness
on favorable economic terms, if at all. 

19 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Securities 

Because
we became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, we may not
be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms. 

Because
we did not become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering, or IPO, of our Common Stock on a national
securities exchange, and our stock trades on OTC Pink rather than being listed on a national securities exchange, research analysts of
brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us. In addition, investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings
on our behalf than they might if we had become a public reporting company by means of an IPO because they may be less familiar with us
as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media, and because we became public at an early stage in our development. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
Common Stock will rank junior to all our liabilities to third party creditors, and to any class or series of our capital stock created
after this offering specifically ranking by its terms senior to our Common Stock, in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or winding
up of our assets. 

In
the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up, our assets will be available to pay obligations on our Common Stock only after all
our liabilities have been paid. Our Common Stock will effectively rank junior to all existing and future liabilities held by third party
creditors. The terms of our Common Stock do not restrict our ability to raise additional capital in the future through the issuance of
debt or senior series of preferred stock. Our Common Stock will also rank junior to our existing Series A Preferred Stock and any Series
B Preferred Stock we may issue, as well as any class or series of our capital stock created after this offering specifically ranking
by its terms senior to our Common Stock. In the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up, there may not be sufficient assets remaining,
after paying our liabilities, to pay amounts due on any or all of our Common Stock then outstanding. 

Future
issuances of debt securities, which would rank senior to our Common Stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future issuances of
preferred stock, which could rank senior to our Common Stock for the purposes of dividends and liquidating distributions, may adversely
affect the level of return you may be able to achieve from an investment in our Common Stock. 

In
the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by offering debt securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of
our debt securities, and lenders with respect to other borrowings we may make, would receive distributions of our available assets prior
to any distributions being made to holders of our Common Stock. Moreover, if we issue preferred stock, the holders of such preferred
stock could be entitled to preferences over holders of Common Stock in respect of the payment of dividends and the payment of liquidating
distributions. Because our decision to issue debt or preferred stock in any future offering, or borrow money from lenders, will depend
in part on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any
such future offerings or borrowings. Holders of our Common Stock must bear the risk that any future offerings we conduct or borrowings
we make may adversely affect the level of return, if any, they may be able to achieve from an investment in our Common Stock. 

Our
Common Stock is subject to the SEC s penny stock rules, which may make it difficult for broker-dealers to complete customer transactions
and could adversely affect trading activity in our securities. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of our Common Stock may be less than 5.00 per share for some
period of time and therefore would be a penny stock according to SEC rules, unless we are listed on a national securities exchange. Under
the SEC penny stock rules, broker-dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than institutional accredited investors must: 

make
 a special written suitability determination for the purchaser 

receive
 the purchaser s prior written agreement to the transaction 

provide
 the purchaser with risk disclosure documents which identify certain risks associated with investing in penny stocks and which describe
 the market for these penny stocks as well as a purchaser s legal remedies and 

obtain
 a signed and dated acknowledgment from the purchaser demonstrating that the purchaser has actually received the required risk disclosure
 document before a transaction in a penny stock can be completed. 

20 

When
complying with these rules, broker-dealers may find it difficult to effectuate customer transactions and trading activity in our securities
may be adversely affected. 

Our
Common Stock has historically experienced low trading volume on the OTC Pink, and therefore the price may not accurately reflect our
value. There can be no assurance that an active market for our Common Stock will develop, either now or in the future . 

Our
shares of Common Stock have been thinly traded on the OTC Pink. Only a small percentage of our Common Stock is available to be traded
and is held by a small number of holders and the price, if traded, may not reflect our actual or perceived value. There can be no assurance
that there will be an active market for our shares of Common Stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity will be dependent
on the perception of our operating business, among other things. We will take certain steps that may include any or all of investor awareness
campaigns, press releases, road shows and conferences to increase awareness of our business and any steps that we might take to bring
us to the awareness of investors may require that we compensate consultants with cash and/or stock. 

In
addition, the trading volume of stocks quoted on the OTC Pink is often low and is often characterized by wide fluctuations in trading
prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. Because our Common Stock
is only quoted on the OTC Pink, trading is only possible through broker-dealers, and the trading volume of our Common Stock has been
low. Because we are quoted on the OTC Pink and were not a privately-held company, you may experience difficulty liquidating your investment
in our Common Stock or liquidating it at a price that reflects the value of our business. As a result, holders of our securities may
not find purchasers for our securities should they desire to sell them. Accordingly, our securities should be purchased only by investors
having no need for liquidity in their investment and who can hold our securities for an indefinite period of time. 

We
have had a history of losses and may incur future losses, which may prevent us from attaining profitability. 

We
have had a history of operating losses since our inception and, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 51,412,128.
We may incur operating losses in the future, and these losses could be substantial and impact our ability to attain profitability.
If we cannot increase revenue growth, we will not achieve or sustain profitability or positive operating cash flows. Even if we achieve
profitability and positive operating cash flows, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability or positive operating cash flows
on a quarterly or annual basis. 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in their report in our audited financial statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to the effect that our losses from operations and our negative cash flows from operations
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued. We may be required to cease operations which could result in our stockholders losing all or almost all of their investment. As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash balance of 1,712 and our principal sources of liquidity were trade accounts receivable of 31,978
and prepaid, advance payment for acquisition of 2,726,188 and other current assets of 91,204, as compared to cash of 1,204,933, trade
accounts receivable of 21,569 and prepaid and other current assets of 70,802 as of December 31, 2021. 

The
market price of our Common Stock may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance. 

Our
stock price may experience substantial volatility as a result of a number of factors, including: 

sales
 or potential sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock 

the
 success of competitive products or technologies 

21 

announcements
 about us or about our competitors, including new product introductions and commercial results 

the
 recruitment or departure of key personnel 

litigation
 and other developments; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts 

variations
 in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us and 

general
 economic, industry and market conditions. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control. The stock markets in general, and the market for companies whose shares are quoted on the OTC
Pink in particular have historically experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors could reduce the market price
of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

We
currently have outstanding shares of preferred stock that have special rights that could limit our ability to undertake corporate transactions,
inhibit potential changes of control and reduce the proceeds available to our common stockholders in the event of a change in control. 

We
currently have Common Stock and preferred stock outstanding. Our preferred stockholders have special rights that holders of our Common
Stock do not have. Currently, we have two types of preferred stock: Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. An example
of special rights that holders of our Series A Preferred Stock have is the ability to vote on all matters submitted to holders of Common
Stock with 15,000 votes for each share of Series A Preferred Stock. Examples of the special rights that holders of our Series B Preferred
Stock have are that each share of Series B Preferred Stock has (i) a stated value of 10.00 per share; (ii) is convertible into Common
Stock at a price per share equal to 61 of the lowest price for our Common Stock during the 20 days of trading preceding the date of
the conversion; (iii) earns dividends at the rate of 9 per annum; but (iv) has no voting rights. Our Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock ranks senior to holders of our Common Stock as to dividend rights and liquidation preference. We currently have shares
149,892 of Series A Preferred Stock. 

As
a result of the rights our preferred stockholders have, we may not be able to undertake certain corporate transactions, including equity
or debt transactions necessary to raise sufficient capital to run our business, change of control transactions or other transactions
that may be beneficial to our businesses. The holdings of the preferred stockholders may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger, acquisition,
or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which our Common Stockholders might
otherwise receive a premium for their shares. The market price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected by the rights of our preferred
stockholders. 

We
have never paid and do not currently intend to pay cash dividends. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on any of our Common Stock and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development
and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Common Stock will be our common stockholders sole
source of gain for the foreseeable future. Under the terms of our existing Articles of Incorporation, we cannot declare, pay, or set
aside any dividends on shares of any class or series of our capital stock, other than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in
shares of Common Stock, unless we pay dividends to the holders of our preferred stock. Additionally, without special stockholder and
sole director approvals, we cannot currently pay or declare dividends and will be limited in our ability to do so until such time,
if ever, that we are listed on a stock exchange. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer has the ability to control all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, which limits stockholders 
ability to influence corporate affairs. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Jason Remillard, holds 149,892 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (each share votes as the equivalent of
15,000 shares of Common Stock on all matters submitted for a vote by the common stockholders), and as such, Mr. Remillard would be able
to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and affairs. For example, Mr. Remillard
would control the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 

22 

This
concentration of voting power could delay or prevent a change of control of our company on terms that other stockholders may desire,
which could deprive our stockholders from receiving a premium for their Common Stock. Concentrated ownership and control by Mr. Remillard
could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. Any material sales of Common Stock by Mr. Remillard, for example, could adversely
affect the price of our Common Stock. 

The
interests of Mr. Remillard and his affiliates may differ from the interests of other stockholders with respect to the issuance of shares,
business transactions with and/or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors, and other business decisions. The non-controlling
stockholders are severely limited in their ability to override the decisions of Mr. Remillard. 

Provisions
in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and under Nevada law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders,
more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions
in our articles of incorporation and bylaws, respectively, may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in
control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which our common stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium price for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for
shares of our Common Stock, thereby depressing the market price of our Common Stock. In addition, because our sole director is responsible
for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace our sole director. 

We
will continue to incur substantial costs as a result of operating as a public reporting company, and our management will be required
to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives . 

As
a public reporting company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that private companies do not incur. In
addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have imposed various requirements on public companies,
including establishing and maintaining effective disclosure, financial controls, and corporate governance practices. Complying with these
laws and regulations will require the time and attention of our Board of Directors and management and will increase our expenses. We
estimate that we will incur approximately 350,000 to 600,000 in 2023 to comply with public company compliance requirements, with many
of those costs recurring annually thereafter. 

Among
other things, we will be required to: 

maintain
 and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 

maintain
 adequate insurance coverage to attract and retain directors and officers; 

provide
 adequate compensation to attract qualified directors; 

maintain
 policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures 

prepare
 and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws 

institute
 a more comprehensive compliance function, including corporate governance and 

involve,
 to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. 

The
costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited
reports to stockholders are significant and much greater for a publicly-held company than for a privately-held company, and compliance
with these rules and regulations may require us to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel,
and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses, and the attention of management. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company may
make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain this coverage. 

23 

We
currently have outstanding, and we may in the future issue, instruments which are convertible into shares of Common Stock, which will
result in additional dilution to you. 

We
currently have outstanding instruments which are convertible into shares of Common Stock, and we may need to issue similar instruments
in the future. If these convertible instruments are converted into shares of Common Stock, or if we issue other convertible or exchangeable
securities, you could experience additional dilution. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to issue shares or other
securities in any other offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share you pay or the then-current
market price. 

We
may, in the future, issue additional shares of our Common Stock, which may have a dilutive effect on our current stockholders. 

Our
articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of 125,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 3,772,767 shares were issued and outstanding
as of February 17, 2020. The future issuance of shares of our Common Stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our
Common Stock held by our then- existing stockholders. We may value any Common Stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance
of Common Stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares
held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our Common Stock. 

An
investment in our Common Stock is speculative and there can be no assurance of any return on any such investment. 

An
investment in our Common Stock is speculative and there is no assurance that investors will obtain any return on their investment. Investors
will be subject to substantial risks involved in an investment in us, including the risk of losing their entire investment. 

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately
or prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and on a timely basis could harm our reputation and
adversely impact the trading price of our Common Stock . 

Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed,
and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies
may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation, and access to capital. We have not performed an in-depth analysis
to determine if historical undiscovered failures of internal controls exist, and we may in the future discover areas of our internal
control that need improvement. 

We
must ensure that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements
on a timely basis. We have tested our internal controls and identified a weakness and may find additional areas for improvement in the
future. Remediating this weakness will require us to hire and train additional personnel. Implementing any future changes to our internal
controls may require compliance training of our directors, officers, and employees, entail substantial costs to modify our accounting
systems and take a significant period of time to complete. Such changes may not, however, be effective in establishing the adequacy of
our internal control over financial reporting, and our failure to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could increase
our operating costs and could materially impair our ability to operate our business. In addition, investor perception that our internal
control over financial reporting is inadequate or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements may materially adversely
affect our stock price. 

24 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock may cause the price of our Common Stock to decline . 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period
under Rule 144 or upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, such sale could create a circumstance commonly referred to as
an overhang . In anticipation of an overhang, the market price of our Common Stock could decline. The existence of an overhang,
whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional funds through the
sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Our
management has broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from any offerings or other financing activities and may invest or spend
the proceeds in ways with which you do not agree and in ways that may not yield a return. 

Our
management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from any offering of shares of our Common Stock or warrants
or from other financing activities, such as convertible debt and you will not have the opportunity as part of any investment decision
to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could
harm our business. 

Our
Common Stock may not attract new investors, including institutional investors, and may not satisfy the investing requirements of those
investors. Consequently, the liquidity of our Common Stock may not improve . 

Although
we believe that a higher market price of our Common Stock may help generate greater or broader investor interest, there can be no assurance
that our share price will rise to a price that will attract new investors, including institutional investors. In addition, there can
be no assurance that the market price of our Common Stock will satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. 

Adverse
or uncertain macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions or reduced IT spending may adversely impact our business, revenues, and profitability. 

Our
business, operations and performance are dependent in part on worldwide economic conditions and events that may be outside of our control,
such as political and social unrest, terrorist attacks, hostilities, malicious human acts, climate change, natural disasters (including
extreme weather), pandemics or other major public health concerns and other similar events, and the impact these conditions and events
have on the overall demand for enterprise computing infrastructure solutions and on the economic health and general willingness of our
current and prospective end customers to purchase our solutions and to continue spending on IT in general. The global macroeconomic environment
has been, and may continue to be, inconsistent, challenging and unpredictable due to international trade disputes, tariffs, including
those recently imposed by the U.S. government on Chinese imports to the U.S., restrictions on sales and technology transfers, uncertainties
related to changes in public policies such as domestic and international regulations, taxes, or international trade agreements, elections,
geopolitical turmoil and civil unrests, instability in the global credit markets, uncertainties regarding the effects of the United Kingdom s
separation from the European Union, commonly known as Brexit , actual or potential government shutdowns, and other disruptions
to global and regional economies and markets. Specifically, pandemics have caused and may continue to cause travel bans or disruptions, supply chain delays and disruptions,
and additional macroeconomic uncertainty. The impact of a pandemic is fluid and uncertain, but it has caused and may continue to cause
various negative effects, including an inability to meet with actual or potential customers, our customers deciding to delay or abandon
their planned purchases, us deciding to delay, cancel, or withdraw from user and industry conferences and other marketing events, and
delays or disruptions in our or our partners supply chains, including delays or disruptions in procuring and shipping the hardware
appliances on which our software solutions run. As a result, we may experience extended sales cycles, our ability to close transactions
with new and existing customers and partners may be negatively impacted, potentially significantly, our ability to recognize revenue
from software transactions we do close may be negatively impacted, potentially significantly, our demand generation activities, and the
efficiency and effect of those activities, may be negatively affected, our ability to provide 24x7 worldwide support to our customers
may be effected, and it may continue to be more difficult for us to forecast our operating results. These macroeconomic challenges and
uncertainties, including a possible pandemic, have, and may continue to, put pressure on global economic conditions and overall IT spending and
may cause our customers to modify spending priorities or delay or abandon purchasing decisions, thereby lengthening sales cycles and
potentially lowering prices for our solutions and product and services offerings, and may make it difficult for us to forecast our sales
and operating results and to make decisions about future investments, any of which could materially harm our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

25 

Public
health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases could have a material adverse effect on our operations and overall financial performance. 

We
may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases. A global health crisis could
adversely affect the United States and global economies and limit the ability of enterprises to conduct business for an indefinite period.
Such crisis may also cause disrupted financial markets, and international trade, resulted in increased unemployment
levels and significantly impacted global supply chains, all of which have the potential to impact our business. 

As
we cannot predict the duration or scope of the global health crisis, the anticipated negative financial impact to our operating results
cannot be reasonably estimated but could be material and last for an extended period of time. 

Prolonged
economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our
business depends on our current and prospective customers ability and willingness to invest money in IT services, and more importantly
cybersecurity projects, which in turn is dependent upon their overall economic health. Negative conditions in the general economy both
in the United States and abroad, which beyond our control, could cause
a decrease in business investments, including corporate spending on enterprise software in general, and could negatively affect the rate
of growth of our business. Uncertainty in the global economy makes it difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future
business activities accurately. This could cause our customers to reevaluate decisions to purchase our product or to delay their purchasing
decisions, which could lengthen our sales cycles. 

A
significant number of our customers have been and continue to be impacted by the economic turmoil. Our
customers may reduce their spending on IT; delay or cancel IT projects; focus on in-house development efforts; or seek to lower their
costs by renegotiating maintenance and support agreements. To the extent purchases of licenses for our software and services are perceived
by customers and potential customers to be discretionary, our revenues may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in
general IT spending. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels,
our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

In
addition, should we have a significant number of our employees contract the communicable diseases, it could have a negative impact on our ability
to serve customers in a timely fashion. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

26 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
corporate office is located at 4000 Sancar Drive, Suite 400, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709. In July 2022, Data443 NC, our wholly-owned
subsidiary, entered into a five-year lease for approximately 13,867 square feet of office space at this address. We believe that the
office facilities are sufficient for the foreseeable future and this arrangement will remain until we determine there is a need for a
change. 

Items
3. Legal Proceedings . 

We
may from time to time be involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature we believe are normal and incidental to our business.
These matters may include product liability, intellectual property, employment, personal injury cause by our employees, and other general
claims. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of management, are likely to have a material adverse
effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion
of management resources and other factors. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

There
is no established public trading market for our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink under the trading
symbol ATDS . For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of Common
Stock based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. All per
share amounts are adjusted for the reverse stock split of 1-for-8 shares of Common Stock, which became effective on March 8, 2022. 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 First Quarter 
 18.40 
 1.41 
 
 Second Quarter 
 7.50 
 1.55 
 
 Third Quarter 
 6.99 
 1.44 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.80 
 .28 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 First Quarter 
 592.00 
 96.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 206.40 
 73.60 
 
 Third Quarter 
 80.40 
 25.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 28.00 
 6.40 

Penny
Stock Rules 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has also adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny
stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national
securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). 

A
purchaser is purchasing penny stock which limits the ability to sell the stock. Our shares constitute penny stock under the Securities
and Exchange Act. The shares will remain penny stocks for the foreseeable future. The classification of penny stock makes it more difficult
for a broker-dealer to sell the stock into a secondary market, which makes it more difficult for a purchaser to liquidate his/her investment.
Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or her shares in us will be subject to Rules 15g-1 through
15g-10 of the Securities and Exchange Act. Rather than creating a need to comply with those rules, some broker-dealers will refuse to
attempt to sell penny stock. 

27 

The
penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver
a standardized risk disclosure document, which: 

contains
 a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stock in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

contains
 a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask price for the penny stock
 and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

contains
 a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

defines
 significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading penny stocks; and 

contains
 such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format) as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, to the customer: 

the
 bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; 

the
 compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the
 number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the
 market for such stock; and 

monthly
 account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and
a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading
activity in the secondary market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have
difficulty selling their securities. 

Reports 

We
are subject to certain filing requirements and will furnish annual financial reports to our stockholders, audited by our independent
registered public accounting firm, and will furnish un-audited quarterly financial reports in our quarterly reports filed electronically
with the SEC. All reports and information filed by us can be found at the SEC website, www.sec.gov. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is Madison Stock Transfer Inc., located at 2500 Coney Island Ave, Sub Level Brooklyn, New York 11223, with a telephone
number of 718-627-4453. 

Number
of Equity Security Holders 

As of February 24, 2023, there were 543 holders of record of our Common
Stock. This does not include beneficial owners holding Common Stock in street name, and as such, the number of beneficial holders of our
shares may be larger than the number of stockholders of record. 

28 

Dividend
Policy 

Holders
of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared from time to time by our sole director. We have not paid
any cash dividends on our Common Stock since inception and do not anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. Our current policy
is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
following information represents securities sold by us within the past year which were not registered under the Securities Act. Included
are sales of reacquired securities, as well as new issues, securities issued in exchange for property, services, or other securities,
and new securities resulting from the modification of outstanding securities. All issuances were exempt under Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act unless otherwise noted. 

On
 February 8, 2022, a noteholder converted 27,812 of convertible debt into 6,091 shares of Common Stock. 

On
 February 11, 2022, noteholders converted 47,997 of convertible debt into 4,150 shares of Common Stock. 

On
 February 28, 2022, a noteholder converted 6,631 of warrants into 6,631 shares of Common Stock. 

On
 March 1, 2022, a noteholder converted 14,496 of convertible debt into 1,469 shares of Common Stock. 

On
 April 7, 2022, we issued 2,402 shares of Common Stock to Root Ventures, LLC pursuant to an agreement with Root Ventures, LLC, in
 exchange for 15,013. 

On
 April 7, 2022, we issued 1,852 shares of Common Stock to One44 Capital, LLC pursuant to an agreement with One44 Capital, LLC, in
 exchange for 11,575. 

On
 April 7, 2022, we issued 933 shares of Common Stock to GS Capital Partners, LLC pursuant to an agreement with GS Capital Partners,
 LLC, in exchange for 5,831. 

On
 April 7, 2022, we issued 6,431 shares of Common Stock to Westland Properties, LLC pursuant to an agreement with Westland Properties,
 LLC, in exchange for 40,194. 

On
 April 7, 2022, we issued 2,402 shares of Common Stock to Fast Capital, LLC pursuant to an agreement with Fast Capital, LLC, in exchange
 for 15,013. 

On
 April 20, 2022, we issued 380,952 shares of Common Stock to Centurion Holdings I, LLC pursuant to an purchase agreement with Centurion
 Holdings I, LLC, in exchange for 2,476,188. 

On
 May 3, 2022, we issued 76,000 shares of our common stock to Allan S. Brantley pursuant to an agreement with SJSS Investments, in exchange
 for 760 of note payable principal. 

On May 3, 2022, we issued 75,200 shares of Common Stock to SJSS Investments pursuant to an agreement with SJSS Investments,
in exchange for 752 of note payable principal. 

On
 July 26, 2022, we issued 31,019 shares of Common Stock to One44 Capital, LLC pursuant to an agreement with One44 Capital, LLC, in
 exchange for 30,000 in note payable principal and 1,221 of accrued interest. 

On
 August 18, 2022, we issued 27,322 shares of Common Stock to Fast Capital, LLC pursuant to an agreement with Fast Capital, LLC, in
 exchange for 50,000 in note payable principal. 

On
 August 19, 2022, we issued 23,460 shares of Common Stock to Allan S. Brantley pursuant to an agreement with Allan S. Brantley, in
 exchange for 235 in note payable principal. 

On
 September 14, 2022, we issued 11,111 shares of Common Stock to Red Road Holdings Corporation pursuant to an agreement with Red Road
 Holdings Corporation, in exchange for 20,000 in note payable principal. 

29 

On
 September 21, 2022, we issued 30,700 shares of Common Stock to SJSS Investments pursuant to an agreement with SJSS Investments, in
 exchange for 307 in note payable principal. 

On
 October 8, 2022, we issued 30,700 shares of Common Stock to Red Road Holdings Corporation pursuant to an agreement with Red Road
 Holdings Corporation, in exchange for 15,000 in note payable principal. 

On
 November 7, 2022, we issued 54,776 shares of Common Stock to Mast Hill Fund pursuant to an agreement with Mast Hill Fund, in exchange
 for 54,776 of accrued interest. 

On
 November 8, 2022, we issued 18,382 shares of Common Stock to Red Road Holdings Corporation pursuant to an agreement with Red Road
 Holdings Corporation, in exchange for 15,000 in note payable principal. 

On
 November 15, 2022, we issued 32,895 shares of Common Stock to Red Road Holdings Corporation pursuant to an agreement with Red Road
 Holdings Corporation, in exchange for 30,000 in note payable principal. 

On
 November 21, 2022, we issued 27,627 shares of Common Stock to Red Road Holdings Corporation pursuant to an agreement with Red Road
 Holdings Corporation, in exchange for 21,813 in note payable principal and accrued interest of 6,919. 

On
 November 23, 2022, we issued 24,038 shares of Common Stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC pursuant to an agreement with 1800 Diagonal
 Lending, LLC, in exchange for 25,000 in note payable principal. 

On
 November 23, 2022, we issued 54,776 shares of Common Stock to Mast Hill Fund pursuant to an agreement with Mast Hill Fund, in exchange
 for 21,988 in note payable principal and 8,730 of accrued interest. 

On
 November 28, 2022, we issued 47,753 shares of Common Stock to GS Capital Partners LLC pursuant to an agreement with GS Capital Partners
 LLC, in exchange for 32,500 in note payable principal and 2,499 of accrued interest. 

On
 November 28, 2022, we issued 28,846 shares of Common Stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC pursuant to an agreement with 1800 Diagonal
 Lending, LLC, in exchange for 30,000 in note payable principal. 

On
 November 30, 2022, we issued 37,602 shares of Common Stock to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC pursuant to an agreement with 1800 Diagonal
 Lending, LLC, in exchange for 35,562 in note payable principal and 4,157 of accrued interest. 

On
 November 30, 2022, we issued 30,750 shares of Common Stock to Jefferson Street Capital LLC pursuant to an agreement with Jefferson
 Street Capital LLC, in exchange for 30,000 in note payable principal and 750 of accrued interest. 

On
 December 7, 2022, we issued 30,750 shares of Common Stock to Jefferson Street Capital LLC pursuant to an agreement with Jefferson
 Street Capital LLC, in exchange for 30,000 in note payable principal and 750 of accrued interest. 

On
 December 7, 2022, we issued 96,432 shares of Common Stock to Fast Capital LLC pursuant to an agreement with Fast Capital LLC, in
 exchange for 50,000 in note payable principal. 

On
 December 8, 2022, we issued 83,189 shares of Common Stock to GS Capital Partners LLC pursuant to an agreement with GS Capital Partners
 LLC, in exchange for 40,000 in note payable principal and 3,134 of accrued interest. 

Between
 August 25, 2022, and November 7, 2022, we sold 931,000 shares of Common Stock to 39 accredited investors in a private
 placement offering, in exchange for 931,000. 

30 

Repurchase
of Equity Securities 

None. 

Information
About Our Equity Compensation Plans 

The
information required under this heading is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information set forth in Item 12 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, and the notes to those financial statements that are included
elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report includes statements that express our opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, or projections regarding
future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. All statements other
than statements of historical facts contained in this annual report may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, estimates, 
 continues, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, would or should or, in each case, their negative
or other variations or comparable terminology. They appear in a number of places throughout this annual report, and include statements
regarding our intentions, beliefs, or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition,
liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies, future acquisitions, and the industry in which we operate. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We believe that these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in
the Risk Factors section of this annual report, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

we
 will need additional capital to fund our operations; 

there
 is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 

we
 will face intense competition in our market, and we may lack sufficient financial and other resources to maintain and improve our
 competitive position; 

we
 are dependent on the continued services and performance of our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Jason Remillard; 

our
 Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink and is thinly traded, reducing your ability to liquidate your investment in us; 

we
 have had a history of losses and may incur future losses, which may prevent us from attaining profitability; 

the
 market price of our Common Stock may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance; 

31 

we
 have shares of preferred stock that have special rights that could limit our ability to undertake corporate transactions, inhibit
 potential changes of control, and reduce the proceeds available to our common stockholders in the event of a change in control; 

we
 have never paid and do not intend to pay cash dividends; 

our
 Chief Executive Officer has the ability to control all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, which limits our stockholders 
 ability to influence corporate affairs; and 

the
 other factors described in Risk Factors. 

Those
factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read with the other cautionary statements in this annual report. 

Although
we base these forward-looking statements on assumptions that we believe are reasonable when made, we caution you that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and
industry developments may differ materially from statements made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report. The matters summarized under Overview , Risk Factors, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business and elsewhere in this annual report could
cause our actual results to differ significantly from those contained in our forward-looking statements. In addition, even if our results
of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and industry developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained
in this annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

In
light of these risks and uncertainties, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking
statement that we make in this annual report speaks only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statement or to publicly announce the results of any revision to any of those statements to reflect future events or
developments, except as required by applicable law. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express
any future trends or indications of future performance, unless specifically expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical
data. 

Overview 

We
provide data security and privacy management solutions across the enterprise and in the cloud. With over 10,000 customers, we provide
the visibility and control needed to protect data at scale, regardless of format, location, or consumer, and to facilitate compliance
with fast-changing global data privacy requirements. Our customers include established leaders and up-and-coming businesses spanning
the private and public/government sectors across diverse industries and fields, including financial services, healthcare, manufacturing,
retail, technology, and telecommunications. 

The
ransomware landscape and other threats to data have accelerated the rate at which businesses are adopting data security solutions and
we believe that our portfolio of data security and privacy products provides an encompassing solution set such that we are well positioned
to capitalize on this trend and establish our products as new data privacy and security standards. Our offerings are
anchored in reliable and comprehensive privacy management and equip organizations with a seamless approach to safeguard data, protect
against attacks, and otherwise mitigate the most critical risks. 

Sector-specific
US laws, state-level legislation, and outside-the-United States regulations are confounding enterprises of all sizes for whom safeguarding
and stewarding data is key, but for whom becoming specialists in privacy and security is not an element of their strategic roadmap. For
many of these enterprises, we can bridge the gap between their need to protect data and their need to use their resources to grow their
core business by offering turnkey solutions and related counseling and technical support to offset risks from data breaches and security
incidents of various types. We provide products and services for the marketplace that are designed to protect data that is stored in
the cloud, on-premises, and in hybrid cloud/on-premises environments, and data that is transmitted throughout the enterprise, including
but not limited to by remote employees. Our suite of security products focuses on protecting sensitive files and email, confidential
customer, patient and employee data, financial records, strategic and product plans, intellectual property and other proprietary information,
allowing our customers to create, share, and protect their sensitive data wherever it is stored and however it is used. 

32 

We
deliver solutions and capabilities that businesses can use in conjunction with their use of established cloud vendors such as Microsoft 
Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and Amazon Web Services (AWS), as well as with on-premises databases and database applications
and with virtualization platforms, such as those hosted or configured using VMWare , Citrix , and Oracle products. 

We
sell or plan to sell substantially all of our products and services through a sales model that combines the leverage of a channel sales
model or direct account management, thereby providing us with opportunities to grow our current customer base and deliver our value proposition
for data privacy and security. We endeavor to use subscription models to license products and services, commonly for a paid in-advance,
multiyear term that is auto-renewing. We also make use of channel partners, distributors, and resellers which sell to end-users of the
products and services. This approach allows us to maintain close relationships with our customers and benefit from the global reach of
our partners. Additionally, we are enhancing our product offerings and go-to-market strategy by establishing technology alliances within
the IT infrastructure and security vendor ecosystem. Our sales and marketing focus for new organic growth is on organizations with 500
or more users who are adopting cloud services and can make larger purchases with us over time and have a greater potential lifetime value. 

We
continue to onboard to cloud-native technology adoption portals such as the Microsoft Azure Marketplace and the Amazon AWS
Marketplace. Vendors may offer incentives to us as a software and services provider to onboard and market via their marketplace portals. 

We
strive to create new and innovative products and to improve existing products, proactively identifying and solving the data security
needs of our customers. 

As
cloud adoption continues to accelerate, data privacy requirements get more complex, and data security becomes more challenging, we believe
we are well positioned to capture more market share, continue to lead in strategic data security technology development, and prepare
organizations for the next epoch in IT data privacy services. 

Our
Products 

Each
of our major product lines provides features and functionality which we believe enable our customers to optimally secure their data.
The products are modular, giving our customers the flexibility to select what they require for their business needs and the flexibility
to expand their usage simply by adding a license. We currently offer the following products and services: 

Data443 
 Ransomware Recovery Manager (also known as SmartShield ), a unique offering designed to recover a workstation immediately
 upon infection to the last known business-operable state, without requiring any end user or IT administrator intervention. 

Data443 
 Data Identification Manager (also known as ClassiDocs and FileFacets ), our data classification and governance technology,
 which supports CCPA (California), LGPD (Brazil) and GDPR (Europe) compliance in a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform that performs
 sophisticated data discovery and content searching of structured and unstructured data within corporate networks, servers, content
 management systems, email, desktops, and laptops. 

Data443 
 Data Archive Manager (also known as ArcMail ), a simple, secure, and cost-effective enterprise data retention management
 and archiving. 

Data443 
 Sensitive Content Manager (also known as ARALOC ), a secure, cloud-based platform for managing, protecting and distributing
 digital content to desktop and mobile devices, which protects an organization s confidential content and intellectual property
 assets from accidental leakage or intentional misappropriation - without impeding all other authorized users of the content and other
 stakeholder from collaborating. 

33 

Data443 
 Data Placement Manager (also known as DATAEXPRESS ), a data transport, transformation, and delivery product trusted by leading
 financial organizations worldwide. 

Data443 
 Access Control Manager (also known as Resilient Access ), enables fine-grained access controls across a wide variety
 of platforms at scale for internal client systems and commercial public cloud platforms like Salesforce , Box.Net, Google 
 G Suite, Microsoft OneDrive, and others. 

Data443 
 Blockchain Protection Manager (also known as ClassiDocs for Blockchain), provides an active implementation for the Ripple
 XRP that protects blockchain transactions from inadvertent disclosure and data leaks. 

Data443 
 Global Privacy Manager , the privacy compliance and consumer loss mitigation platform which is integrated with Data443 Data
 Identification Manager to do the delivery portions of GDPR and CCPA as well as process privacy-related requests under such laws,
 and therefore enables customers to manage the full range of privacy-law driven requirements, such as responding to permitted consumer
 demands for access or removal, as well as to remediate issues and monitor and report on status and compliance. 

Data443 
 IntellyWP , products for enhancing the user experience for the world s largest content management platform, WordPress. 

Data443 
 Chat History Scanner , which scans chat messages for compliance, security, personally identifiable information (PII), personal
 information (PI), payment card industry (PCI) information as well as any custom keywords selected by the customer, and which can
 be used with third party platforms such as the Zoom Video Communications, Inc. video conferencing platform. 

Data443 
 - GDPR Framework, CCPA Framework, and LGPD Framework WordPress Plugins , which help organizations of all sizes comply with
 Europe, California and Brazil privacy rules and regulations and are currently used by over 30,000 active site owners. We offer the
 plugins with a freemium business model, i.e., basic features at no cost and additional or more advanced features at
 a premium. 

Outlook 

Our
objective is to further integrate our suite of data security, ransomware protection, and privacy products and offer the products alone
or in combination to enterprise customers directly and via our partner channels. We aim to position our products to meet the challenges
our customers face - data privacy concerns grow in lockstep with security breaches, the need to continually expand data storage, and
to meet telework, telehealth, and remote learning requirements. 

We
have relied on and expect to continue to benefit from strategic acquisitions of products, talent, and an established customer base to
contribute to our long-term growth objectives. 

Key
elements of our growth strategy may be summarized as follows: 

Acquisitions .
We intend to aggressively pursue acquisitions of other cybersecurity software and service providers focused on the data security sector.
We target companies with a developed and/or steady client base, as well as companies with offerings that complement our existing suite
of products. 

Research
 Development; Innovation . We intend to increase our spending on research and development to create new and innovative products
and to improve existing products, proactively identifying and solving the data security needs of our clients. 

Grow
Our Customer Base . We believe the continued challenges businesses face in managing their enterprise data and the ever-evolving landscape
of cybersecurity threats will keep the demand high for the type of products and services we offer. We intend to capitalize on this demand
by continually developing and curating a collection of products and services that are attractive and relevant to both our established
revenue base and to new customers. 

34 

Expand
Our Sales Capacity . We believe that continuing to expand our sales force will be essential to achieving our expansion and growth.
We intend to expand our sales capacity by adding sales and marketing employees, with heavy focus on customer success and leveraging our
existing customer relationships. 

Focus
on EU Opportunities. We believe there is a significant opportunity for our products and services in the EU and other international markets
in order to enable compliance with the GDPR. We believe that a focus on international markets will be a key component of our growth strategy. 

Management s
Plans 

Our
plan is to continue to grow our business through strategic acquisitions, and then expand selling across our subsidiaries and affiliated
companies. During the next twelve months, we anticipate incurring costs related to (i) filing of Exchange Act reports; and (ii) operating
our businesses. We will require additional operating capital to maintain and continue operations. We will need to raise additional capital
through debt or equity financing, and there is no assurance we will be able to raise the necessary capital. 

While
we primarily report income based on recognized and deferred revenue, another measurement internally for the business is booked revenues.
Management uses this measure to track numerous indicators such as: contract value growth; initial contract value per customer; and certain
other values that change quarter-over-quarter. These results may also be subject to, and impacted by, sales compensation plans, internal
performance objectives, and other activities. We continue to increase revenue from our existing operations. We generally recognize revenue
from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription, which is generally one year at a time. As a result, a substantial portion
of the revenue we report in each period is attributable to the recognition of deferred revenue relating to agreements that we executed
during previous periods. Consequently, any increase or decline in new sales or renewals in any one period will not be immediately reflected
in our revenue for that period. Any such change, however, would affect our revenue in future periods. Accordingly, the effect of downturns
or upturns in new sales and potential changes in our rate of renewals may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future
periods. 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Our
operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are outlined below: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Revenue 
 2,627,123 
 3,609,494 
 (982,371 
 (27 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 518,843 
 546,888 
 (28,045 
 (5 
 
 Gross Profit 
 2,108,280 
 3,062,606 
 (954,326 
 (31 
 
 Gross Profit Percentage 
 80 
 85 
 (7 
 (5 

Operating expense 
 5,784,408 
 5,699,845 
 (84,563 
 (1 
 
 Other expense 
 (6,037,339 
 (3,837,915 
 (2,199,424 
 (57 
 
 Net loss 
 (9,713,467 
 (6,475,154 
 (3,238,313 
 (50 

Revenue 

The
decrease in revenue in part is due to our ongoing shift for some products from one-time sales perpetual licenses with annual
maintenance contracts (also referred to as perpetual license renewals to time-based subscriptions with multiyear
upfront payments; this shift resulted in fewer customers paying for subscriptions or renewals in the year. We also believe customers
and prospective customers were reluctant to consider deals regarding new business opportunities due to concerns based on economic
uncertainty and other global events. However, we continue to see organic growth in increased consumption of our
services that contain storage or volume components, matching our expectations and as is reflected in our continuing Annual Recurring
Revenue ARR growth. 

Cost
of revenue 

Cost
of revenue consists of direct expenses, such as labor, shipping, and supplies. 

35 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 our operating expenses are as follows : 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 
 5,552,936 
 5,433,113 
 (119,823 
 (2 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 231,472 
 266,732 
 35,260 
 13 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 5,784,408 
 5,699,845 
 (84,563 
 (1 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

The
general and administrative expenses primarily consisted of management costs, costs to integrate assets we acquired and to expand sales,
product enhancements, audit and review fees, filing fees, professional fees, and other expenses related to SEC reporting, including the
re-classification of sales-related management expenses, in connection with the projected growth of our business. Additionally, we continue
to incur specific one-time costs in relation to our planned Nasdaq Capital Markets uplist, additional financing activities and related
functions. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to an increase in professional service fees. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

The
sales and marketing expenses primarily consisted of continuing to shift our sales operation toward an inbound model, continued high focus
on renewals and customer success operations and previously reported expenses, primarily management costs, reclassified to general and
administrative expenses. The decrease in sales and marketing expense was primarily due to a decrease in trade show events, related travel
and marketing expenses. 

Other
income (expense) 

Other
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of interest expense. Other expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 consisted of interest expense and loss on change in fair value of derivative. The increase in other expenses was primarily
due to an increase in interest expense. 

Net
Loss 

The
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly derived from an operating loss of 3,676,128, and interest expense of 5,979,456
and loss on change in fair value of derivative liability of 57,883. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly derived
from an operating loss of 2,637,239, and interest expense of 3,334,413 and loss on change in fair value of derivative liability of 614,658. 

Cash
Flow for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table provides selected financial data about us as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

36 

Working
Capital 

The
following table provides selected financial data about us as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Current assets 
 2,851,082 
 1,297,304 
 1,553,778 
 120 
 
 Current liabilities 
 8,604,066 
 4,502,937 
 (4,101,129 
 (91 
 
 Working capital deficiency 
 (5,752,984 
 (3,205,633 
 (2,547,351) 
 (79 

We
require cash to fund our operating expenses and working capital requirements, including outlays for capital expenditures. As of December
31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash of 1,712, trade accounts receivable of 31,978 and prepaid and other current
assets of 2,817,392, as compared to cash of 1,204,933 and trade accounts receivable of 21,569 and prepaid and other current assets
of 70,802 as of December 31, 2021. 

During
the last two years, and through the date of this Report, we have faced
an increasingly challenging liquidity situation that has limited our ability to execute our operating plan. We will need to obtain capital
to continue operations. There is no assurance that we will be able to secure such funding on acceptable terms. During the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we reported a loss from operations of 3,676,128, and 2,637,239, respectively, and had negative cash flows used in
operating activities of 2,886,337 and 855,540, respectively, for the same periods. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had assets of cash in the amount of 1,712 and other current assets in the amount of 2,849,370. As of
December 31, 2022, we had current liabilities of 8,604,066. We accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 was
 51,412,413. 

As
of December 31, 2021, we had assets of cash in the amount of 1,204,933 and other current assets in the amount of 92,371. As of December
31, 2021, we had current liabilities of 4,502,937. Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2021 was 42,033,887. 

The
revenues, if any, generated from our acquisitions alone will not be sufficient to fund our operations or planned growth. We will require
additional capital to continue to operate our business, and to further expand our business. Sources of additional capital through various
financing transactions or arrangements with third parties may include equity or debt financing, bank loans or revolving credit facilities.
We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the
capital we require by other means. Unless we can attract additional investment, our future operating as a going concern is in serious
doubt. 

We
are now obligated to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. In addition, the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate
governance practices. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some
activities of ours more time-consuming and costly. In order to meet the needs to comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act,
we will need an investment of capital. 

Management
has determined that additional capital will be required in the form of equity or debt securities. There is no assurance that management
will be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us. 

If
we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of additional capital, we may have to cease filing the required reports and cease operations
completely. If we obtain additional funds by selling any of our equity securities or by issuing Common Stock to pay current or future
obligations, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, stockholders may experience additional dilution, or the equity
securities may have rights preferences or privileges senior to the Common Stock. 

37 

Cash
Flow 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (2,886,337 
 (855,540 
 (2,030,797 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (561,128 
 (138,331 
 (422,797 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 2,244,244 
 2,140,021 
 104,223 
 
 Cash on hand 
 1,712 
 1,204,933 
 (1,203,221 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 2,886,337 in operating activities, compared to 855,540 during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in operating liabilities. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used funds in investing activities of 561,128 to acquire intellectual property and to acquire property
and equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we used funds in investing activities of 138,331 to acquire property and equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we raised 931,000 through the issuance of Common stock; 75,000 through the issuance of Series B
Preferred Stock; 1,747,680 from the issuance of convertible debt; 3,448,246 from the issuance of notes payable; and, 299,278 from
a loan from a related party, offset in part through the redemption of Series B Preferred Stock of 487,730; repayment of convertible
note payable of 1,146,359; repayment of 4,408,240 on notes payable; repayment to a related party of 434,584 and, 72,768 of
capital lease payments. By comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we raised 846,801 through the issuance of Common
stock; 525,000 through the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock; 1,482,000 from the issuance of convertible debt; 4,377,226 from
the issuance of notes payable; and, 366,943 from a loan from a related party, offset in part through the redemption of Series B
Preferred Stock of 63,999; repayment of convertible note payable of 45,000; repayment of 4,577,578 on notes payable; repayment to
a related party of 680,807, and 90,565 of capital lease payments. 

We
depend upon receiving capital investment or other financing to fund our ongoing operations and execute our business plan.
In addition, we are dependent upon our controlling stockholder to provide continued funding and capital resources. If continued funding
and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, we may not be able to implement our plan of operations. 

Going
Concern 

The
consolidated financial statements accompanying this Annual Report have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that we
will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We have generated
very limited revenues since inception and has never paid any dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate
or foreseeable future. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary financing to achieve our
operating objectives, and the attainment of profitable operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit and working
capital deficiency. We do not have sufficient working capital to enable us to carry out our plan of operation for the next twelve months. 

Due
to the uncertainty of our ability to meet our current operating expenses and the capital expenses noted above in their report on the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph regarding
concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements contain additional note disclosures
describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our independent auditors. 

38 

The
continuation of our business is dependent upon us raising additional financial support. The issuance of additional equity or debt securities
by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming
those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to raise any additional capital. 

Management s
Plans 

Our
plan is to continue to grow our business through strategic acquisitions, and then expand selling across our subsidiaries and affiliated
companies. We continue to focus heavily on our renewals business that we inherit from our acquisitions. During the next twelve months,
we anticipate incurring costs related to (i) filing of Exchange Act reports; and, (ii) operating our businesses. We will require additional
operating capital to maintain and continue operations. We will need to raise additional capital through debt or equity financing, and
there is no assurance we will be able to raise the necessary capital. We expect our cost basis for fundraising to be significantly less
if we are able to be listed on a major stock exchange. We also expect our equity components to have more value as part of our acquisitions
and by virtue be less costly for us. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
are material to investors. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information under this
Item. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting periods
presented. 

Our
critical estimates include revenue recognition and intangible assets. Although we believe that these estimates are reasonable, actual
results could differ from those estimates given a change in conditions or assumptions that have been consistently applied. We also have
other policies that we consider key accounting policies, such as our policy for revenue recognition, however, the application of these
policies does not require us to make significant estimates or judgments that are difficult or subjective. 

The
critical accounting policies used by management and the methodology for its estimates and assumptions are as follows: 

Convertible
Financial Instruments 

We
bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and accounts for them as free standing derivative financial instruments if certain
criteria are met. The criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument
are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies
both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted
accounting principles with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms
as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. An exception to this rule is when the host instrument
is deemed to be conventional, as that term is described under applicable GAAP. 

39 

When
we have determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments, discounts are recorded
for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in the instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying
Common Stock at the commitment date of the transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the instrument. 

Beneficial
Conversion Feature 

The
issuance of the convertible debt described in Note 9, below, generated a beneficial conversion feature BCF ), which arises
when a debt or equity security is issued with an embedded conversion option that is beneficial to the investor or in the money at inception
because the conversion option has an effective strike price that is less than the market price of the underlying stock at the commitment
date. We recognized the BCF by allocating the intrinsic value of the conversion option, which is the number of shares of Common
Stock available upon conversion multiplied by the difference between the effective conversion price per share and the fair value of Common
Stock per share on the commitment date, resulting in a discount on the convertible debt (recorded as a component of additional paid-in
capital). The discount is amortized to interest expense over the term of the convertible debt. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
measure the cost of services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award. For employees
and directors, the fair value of the award is measured on the grant date. For non-employees, as per ASU No. 2018-7, Compensation-Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting, remeasurement is not required. The fair value
amount is then recognized over the period during which services are required to be provided in exchange for the award, usually the vesting
period. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded by us in the same expense classifications in the consolidated statements of operations,
as if such amounts were paid in cash. Also, refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the consolidated financial
statements that are included in this Annual Report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information under this
Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the consolidated financial statements and supplementary data
set forth in Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules of Part IV of this Annual Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on its evaluation,
management concluded as of December 31, 2022 that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting, described below in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for
the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

40 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. An evaluation was performed of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. The evaluation was based on the framework in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Based
on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that,
as of December 31, 2022 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective because of the identification of material weaknesses
described as follows: 

We
 did not have controls designed to validate the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the determination of accounting
 transactions. Accordingly, we believe we have a material weakness because there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
 to the interim or annual consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We
 do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
 over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us. Management evaluated
 the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure
 controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

We
 do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and
 nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent
 possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate
 individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls
 and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

We
 do not have a functioning audit committee or outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the
 establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. 

Remediation
Plan for Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is committed to improving its internal controls when we have adequate resources to do so. We appointed a full-time Chief Financial
Officer in September 2022, but do not currently have independent directors or an audit committee. Until there are independent directors
and an audit committee, we will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties by (i) continuing to use third party specialists to assist
us with accounting and finance matters; and (ii) commissioning frequent reconciliations of significant accounts using independent auditors. 

Our
management has discussed the material weaknesses noted above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature
of these material weaknesses, it is reasonably possible that misstatements which could be material to the annual or interim consolidated
financial statements could occur that would not be prevented or detected during our financial close and reporting process. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to
temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

41 

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal year that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Each
of our directors holds office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified,
or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. Our executive officers are appointed by our Board and serve until their respective
successors are elected and appointed and qualify until their earlier resignation or removal from office. 

Our
current director and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration of such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Elected or Appointed 

Jason
 Remillard 
 
 President;
 Chief Executive Officer; Chairman; Secretary 
 
 49 
 
 November
 2017 

Greg
 McCraw 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 59 
 
 September
 2022 

Business
Experience 

Jason
Remillard 

Jason
Remillard is our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, positions he has held since November 2017. 

Mr.
Remillard has led software organizations of all sizes throughout his career. In addition to product management, development, and
marketing, he has delivered strategic consulting for leading organizations worldwide in both cyber-security and IT operations
capabilities. He has had a distinguished career of over 25 years in the enterprise information technology business, providing
services worldwide. He has been in all three of the recognized aspects of information technology: (i) as a vendor; (ii) as an
implementer; and (iii) as a customer. Mr. Remillard has developed, delivered, and sold pervasive solutions and products for
companies culminating in four successful market exits. 

42 

Immediately
prior to forming our company, from 2016 until 2017, Mr. Remillard built ClassiDocs , an award-winning data privacy and
compliance product. During this period, he focused on enterprise customer relationships, strategic industry partnerships, and setting the
foundation for a new and unique entry into the global and growing data privacy and compliance marketplace. Prior to this, he served as
VP of Security Architecture and Engineering for Deutsche Bank and managed a large and complex portfolio of technology and staff globally,
including risk management, data security, and enterprise compliance programs. From 2011 to 2014, Mr. Remillard led a large global
diversified security products portfolio for Dell Software (formerly Quest Software), with over 4,000 active customers, development 
marketing teams, and international distribution channels. From 2003 to 2009, Mr. Remillard was a management consultant
for IBM Corporation. Prior to his time at IBM, he developed, marketed, and successfully managed five other startups in the cybersecurity
space. 

Mr.
Remillard holds an MBA from the Richard Ivey School of Business (London, ON, Canada). He is also a Certified Information Systems Security
Professional (CISSP). Mr. Remillard is a founding member of the Blockchain Executive Group; former VP of CISO Global Security Architecture
and Engineering at Deutsche Bank; Senior Product Manager for Dell/Quest Software; Management Consultant for IBM; and Strategic Consultant
for RBC Bank, TD Bank. Based on his experience and expertise in data security, we believe Mr. Remillard is qualified to serve
as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director. 

Greg
McCraw 

Effective
September 6, 2022, Greg McCraw was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McCraw, 59, has more than 30 years of experience in
public and corporate accounting and finance for US and international publicly listed companies, specializing in US GAAP financial
reporting requirements. He advised and assisted public companies, government-sponsored entities, and federal agencies in restating
and filing timely reporting as well as monitoring regulatory compliance. Immediately prior to joining Data443 Data Risk Mitigation,
Inc, Mr. McCraw was the Vice President of Finance for Light Wave Dental Management from January 2021 through August 2022. From
August 2016 until January 2021, he was Managing Director of FMAC Group, LLC, a finance and accounting consulting firm providing
services to top 100 financial institutions. Mr. McCraw is a North Carolina State University graduate with a BA in Accounting,
Certified Public Accountant licensed in NC, and Certified in Financial Forensics by the AICPA. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our officers and directors. 

Legal
Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, (i) no director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy
petition or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years; (ii) no director or executive officer has been convicted
of a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years; (iii) no director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities during the past ten years; and (iv) no director or
officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the
SEC. Directors, executive officers, and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish
us with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). We are required to disclose delinquent filings of reports
by such persons. 

43 

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that all Section
16(a) filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors, and 10 or greater beneficial stockholders were met during
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
Committees and Charters 

Our
board of directors does not maintain a separate audit, nominating and corporate governance or compensation committee. Functions customarily
performed by such committees are performed by our board of directors as a whole. We do not currently have an audit committee financial
expert since we currently do not have an audit committee. 

Code
of Business Conduct 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer.
We will provide any person a copy of our code of ethics without charge upon request to 4000 Sancar Drive, Suite 400, Research Triangle
Park, North Carolina 27709, Attention: Jason Remillard. 

Board
Diversity 

While
we do not have a formal policy on diversity, our board of directors considers diversity to include the skill set, background, reputation,
type and length of business experience of our board of directors members, as well as, a particular nominee s contributions to that
mix. Our board of directors believes that diversity brings a variety of ideas, judgments, and considerations that can benefit our stockholders
and us. 

Stockholder
Communications 

We
do not have a formal policy regarding communications with our board of directors, or for the consideration of director candidates recommended
by stockholders. To date, no stockholders have made any such recommendations. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth certain compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the following named executive officers, 
which is defined as follows: 

(a) 
 all
 individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and 

(b) 
 all
 individuals serving as our principal financial officer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
did not have any individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an
executive officer as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Jason Remillard 
 2022 
 171,006 
 - 
 412,000 
 - 
 583,006 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (1) 
 2021 
 201,441 
 - 
 6,834 
 - 
 201,441 

Greg McCraw 
 2022 
 49,842 
 - 
 41,180 
 - 
 91,026 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1)
Mr. Remillard served as our Chief Financial Officer from January 24, 2020 until December 3, 2021. 

 (2)
Mr. McCraw serves as our Chief Financial Officer since September 6, 2022. 

44 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options and stock awards held by our Named Executive Officers as of
December 31, 2022: 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Name 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options: Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options: Unexercisable 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 

Option
 Exercise Price 

Option
 Expiration Date 

Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 

Jason
 Remillard 

3 

- 

- 

62,400 

December
 30, 2028 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

18 

- 

10,062 

February
 9, 2031 

- 

- 

- 

- 

317,801 

- 

1.87 

November
 15, 2027 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

18 

157 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

192,857 

61,714 

Greg
 McCraw 

41,800 

- 

- 

1.70 

November
 15, 2027 

- 

- 

- 

- 

192,857 

61,714 

- 

- 

Employment
Agreements 

Jason
M. Remillard Employment Agreement 

Effective
March 1, 2019, we and Mr. Remillard entered into an employment agreement (the Remillard Employment Agreement providing
for at-will employment, each party having the right to terminate the employment relationship at any time for any reason or no reason. 

The
Remillard Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Remillard will be employed by us as President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the
Remillard Employment Agreement, Mr. Remillard receives a base salary of 180,000 annually. Mr. Remillard is also entitled to
receive restricted stock units RSUs every three months until such time as Mr. Remillard is no longer employed
by us. Each RSA consists of a number of shares of our Common Stock equal to the value of 45,000 under our 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan
(the 2019 Plan ). The RSUs vest in full six months from date of grant. 

Each
quarter, Mr. Remillard is also entitled to receive incentive stock options to purchase Common Stock up to a value of 35,000, in accordance
with the vesting schedule determined by the administrator of the 2019 Plan. 

Under
the Remillard Employment Agreement, Mr. Remillard is entitled to participate in all employee benefit programs that we establish and make
available to our employees from time to time, including our health and dental plans. 

45 

Greg
McCraw Employment Agreement 

Effective
September 6, 2022, Mr. McCraw and the Company entered into an employment agreement (the McCraw Employment Agreement providing for at-will employment, each party having the right to terminate the employment relationship at any time for any reason or
no reason. 

The
McCraw Employment Agreement provides that Mr. McCraw will be employed by the Company as Chief Financial Officer. Under the McCraw Employment
Agreement, Mr. McCraw s receives a base salary of 180,000 annually. Mr. McCraw is also entitled to receive RSUs every three months
until such time as Mr. McCraw is no longer employed by the Company. Each RSU consists of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the value of 45,000 under the 2019 Plan. The RSUs vest in full six months from date of grant. 

Each
quarter, Mr. McCraw is also entitled to receive incentive stock options to purchase Common Stock up to a value of 35,000, in accordance
with the vesting schedule determined by the administrator of the 2019 Plan. 

Under
the McCraw Employment Agreement, Mr. McCraw is entitled to participate in all employee benefit programs that we establish and make available
to our employees from time to time, including our health and dental plans 

Director
Compensation 

Our
board of directors does not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of our board of directors. Our board of
directors reserves the right in the future to award the members of the board of directors cash or stock based consideration for their
services to us, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the board of directors. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
board of directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our board of directors reserves
the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of Common Stock in consideration for services
rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our board of directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the board of directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the board of directors
in its sole determination believes such grants would be in our best interests. 

Incentive
Bonus 

Our
board of directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if
the board of directors believes such bonuses are in our best interests, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if
any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such
executives. 

Long-term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support our long-term business strategy we may award our executives
and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our board of directors. We
do not currently have any immediate plans to grant any additional awards. 

46 

Our
2019 Plan was adopted by our Board of Directors on May 16, 2019 and by a majority of our voting securities on June 24, 2019. The 2019
Plan permits the granting of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards,
restricted stock unit awards, and dividend equivalent rights to eligible employees, directors and consultants. We grant options to purchase
shares of Common Stock under the 2019 Plan at no less than the fair value of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant. Options
granted under the Plan have a maximum term of ten years. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of January 31,2023, certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of our Common
Stock by (i) each person known to us to be the record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors,
(iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60-days
of the date of this table. In determining the percent of Common Stock owned by a person or entity as of the date of this Annual Report
(a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired
within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i)
the total shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report, which is 2,615,737 shares, and (ii) the total number
of shares of Common Stock that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless otherwise stated,
each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. 

Number of Shares 
 Percentage of 
 
 Name Address (1) 
 Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Outstanding
Shares (2) 

Executive Officers Directors 

Jason Remillard 
 13,955 
 9.50 (3) 
 
 Greg McCraw 
 - 
 - 
 
 All current executive officers and directors as a group (2 people) 
 13,955 
 9.50 (3) 

5 Stockholders 

Jason Remillard 
 13,955 
 9.50 (3) 

(1) 
 The
 mailing address for each officer and director is c/o Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc., 4000 Sancar Drive, Triangle Research Park, North
 Carolina 27709. 

(2) 
 Includes
 (i) 149,892,000 shares which would be issued to Mr. Remillard upon conversion of his Series A Shares; (ii) three options to purchase
 shares of Common Stock; and, (iii) 108,379 shares of Common Stock currently owned by Mr. Remillard. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Remillard does not have the right to convert Series A Shares to Common
 Stock if he would beneficially own in excess of 9.50 of the number of shares of our Common
 Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the conversion, and the percentages set
 forth give effect to such limitation. 

47 

Changes
in Control 

We
are not aware of any arrangements that may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item
403 of Regulation S. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

Jason
Remillard is our president and Chief Executive Officer and the sole director. Through his ownership of Series A Preferred Shares, Mr.
Remillard has voting control over all matters to be submitted to a vote of our shareholders. 

On
September 16, 2019, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with DMB Group, LLC DMB Group ). A significant part of
the purchase price was in the form of our Common stock. As a direct result of this transaction and our Common stock issued to DMB Group,
we determined that DMB Group was a related party. Amounts owed to DMB Group, including the note payable of 940,000 and member loans
of 97,689 were recorded as amounts due to a related party. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid a note payable of 124,985
including interest expense of 1,240. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had recorded a liability to DMB Group totaling
 0 and 123,745, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we received cash from our Chief Executive Officer of 299,281, our
CEO paid operating expenses of 167,653, and repaid 602,237 to our Chief Executive Officer. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had due to related party transactions in the amounts of 112,064 and 247,366, respectively. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to
establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so
that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. On a moving forward basis, our director will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors is currently composed of a single member, Jason Remillard, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance
with the NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following table provides information regarding the fees billed to us by TPS Thayer in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All
fees described below were approved by Board: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 82,500 
 68,000 

Audit Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 

Tax Fees (3) 
 1,000 
 - 

All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 

Total Fees: 
 83,500 
 68,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees include fees for services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements, included in our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 Audit
 Related Fess consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably
 related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported above under Audit
 Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC
 and other accounting consulting. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice.
 The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

48 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
policy of our Board is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one
year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The independent auditor and management are
required to periodically report to the Board regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditor in accordance with
this pre-approval. Any proposed services not included within the list of pre-approved services or any proposed services that will cause
us to exceed the pre-approved aggregate amount requires specific pre-approval by the Board. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements See Index on page F-1 of this report 

(b) 
 
 The
 following exhibits are filed herewith as a part of this report 

Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated May 1, 2018 . 
 
 10-12G 
 
 3.2 
 
 1/11/2019 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Preferred Series A Stock, dated May 28, 2008. 
 
 10-12G 
 
 3.4 
 
 1/11/2019 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation for Preferred Series A Stock, dated April 27, 2018. 
 
 10-12G 
 
 3.4 
 
 1/11/2019 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws
 of the Company. 
 
 10-SB 
 
 I 
 
 1/4/2000 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated August 17, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/21/2020 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Preferred Series B Stock, dated November 25, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/2/2020 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated December 15, 2020, increasing the number of authorized shares of Common Stock to 1.8 billion. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/17/2020 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated April 21, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/27/2021 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated January 10, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/21/2021 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Change to Articles of Incorporation dated January 6, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/11/2022 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/31/2022 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Exchange Notes issued as of 17 November 2020 in the total original principal amount of 100,000. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.7 
 
 3/23/2021 

4.3 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Triton Funds LP on December 11, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/17/2020 

49 

4.4 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Auctus Fund, LLC on 23 April 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/27/2021 

4.5 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Auctus Fund, LLC on April 22, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 4/27/2021 

4.6 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Auctus Fund, LLC on 30 July 2021 for the purchase of 62,667 shares of Common Stock at 4.50 per share. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.11 
 
 8/03/2021 

4.7 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Auctus Fund, LLC on 30 July 2021 for the purchase of 62,667 shares of Common Stock at 4.50 per share. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.12 
 
 8/03/2021 

4.8 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Jefferson Street Capital LLC on 28 September 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.9 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.9 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Jefferson Street Capital LLC on 28 September 2021 in the original principal amount of 110,000. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.10 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.10 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Mast Hill Fund, LP on 19 October 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.13 
 
 10/26/2021 

4.11 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Mast Hill Fund, LP on 19 October 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.14 
 
 10/26/2021 

4.12 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in favor of Westland Properties, LLC on 21 December 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.13 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Westland Properties, LLC on 21 December 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.14 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.14 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of GS Capital Partners, LLC on 11 February 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.15 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.15 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of One44 Capital LLC on 11 February 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.16 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.16 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Fast Capital, LLC on 14 February 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.17 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.17 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Root Ventures, LLC on 1 March 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.18 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.18 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Red Road Holdings Corporation on 9 March 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.19 
 
 03/31/2022 

4.19 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Vital Link Financial Services, LLC on 30 June 2022. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.20 
 
 9/30/2022 

4.20 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd on 7 December 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/12/2022 

4.21 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd on 7 December 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 12/12/2022 

4.22 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd on January 24, 2023. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 1/30/2023 

4.23 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd on January 24, 2023. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 1/30/2023 

4.24 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Jefferson Street
 Capital LLC on May 9, 2022. 

4.25 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Moody Capital Solutions Inc. on May 9, 2022. 

4.26 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of 1800 Diagonal
 Lending LLC on January 4, 2023. 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated January 26, 2018 by and between Myriad Software Productions, LLC and Data443 Risk Management, Inc. 
 
 10-12G 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/11/2019 

10.2 
 
 Secured Promissory Note dated January 26, 2018 issued by Data443 Risk Management, Inc. in favor of Myriad Software Productions, LLC. 
 
 10-12G 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/11/2019 

10.3 
 
 Security Agreement dated January 26, 2018 executed by Data443 Risk Management, Inc. in favor of Myriad Software Productions, LLC. 
 
 10-12G 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/11/2019 

10.4 
 
 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan dated May 16, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/19/2019 

10.5 
 
 Advisory Board Agreement, effective July 28, 2020, between the Company and Omkharan Arasaratnam. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.19 
 
 8/6/2020 

10.6 
 
 Letter Agreement effective August 28, 2020, between the Company and Maxim Group, LLC. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.23 
 
 11/16/2020 

10.7 
 
 Asset Sale Agreement effective January 31, 2021, between the Company and the secured creditors of Wala, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.28 
 
 3/23/2021 

10.8 
 
 Three Secured Promissory Notes, each effective January 31, 2021 and issued by the Company in favor of the secured creditors of Wala, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.29 
 
 3/23/2021 

50 

10.9 
 
 Security
 Agreement effective January 31, 2021, between the Company and the secured creditors of Wala, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.30 
 
 3/23/2021 

10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Auctus Fund, LLC on April 23, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/27/2021 

10.11 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Promissory Note issued in favor of Auctus Fund, LLC on April 23, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/27/2021 

10.12 
 
 Form of Security Agreement entered into with Auctus Fund, LLC on April 23, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 4/27/2021 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, Effective March 1, 2019 between the Company and Jason Remillard 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 3/31/2022 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective December 1, 2021 between the Company and Greg McCraw 

10.15 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Auctus Fund, LLC on 29 July 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.34 
 
 8/3/2021 

10.16 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Promissory Note issued in favor of Auctus Fund, LLC on 29 July 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.35 
 
 8/3/2021 

10.17 
 
 Form of Security Agreement entered into with Auctus Fund, LLC on 29 July 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.36 
 
 8/3/2021 

10.18 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Jefferson Street Capital LLC on 28 September 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 03/31/2022 

10.19 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Mast Hill Fund, LP on 19 October 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.37 
 
 10/26/2021 

10.20 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued in favor of Mast Hill Fund, LP on 19 October 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.38 
 
 10/26/2021 

10.21 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Westland Properties, LLC on 21 December 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.21 
 
 03/31/2022 

10.22 
 
 Centurion Holdings I, LLC asset purchase agreement dated January 19, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/19/2022 

10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with GS Capital Partners, LLC on 11 February 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.23 
 
 03/31/2022 

10.24 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with One44 Capital LLC on 11 February 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.24 
 
 03/31/2022 

10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Fast Capital, LLC on 14 February 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.25 
 
 03/31/2022 

10.26 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Root Ventures, LLC on 1 March 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.26 
 
 03/31/2022 

10.27 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Red Road Holdings Corporation on 9 March 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.27 
 
 03/31/2022 

10.28 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd, dated December 7, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/12/2022 

10.29 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd, dated January 30, 2023. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/30/2023 

10.30 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Jefferson Street Capital LLC, dated May 9, 2022, 2022. 

10.31 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, dated January 4, 2023. 

10.32 
 
 Asset Sale Agreement, between the Company and Wala, Inc., dated January 31, 2021. 

10.33 
 
 Bill of Sale, between the Company and the sellers listed therein, date January 31, 2021. 

10.34 
 
 I.P. Assignment and Assumption Agreement, between the Company and certain noteholders of the Company, dated January 31, 2021. 

10.35 
 
 Security Agreement, between the Company and certain secured parties listed therein, dated January 31, 2021. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 21.1 
 
 3/31/2022 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

101 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

104 
 
 Inline
 XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

51 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholder s 

Data443
Risk Mitigation 

Opinion
on the Financial 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in
Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has negative working capital and a
stockholders deficit that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

February 24, 2023 

F- 2 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

As of 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Advance payment for acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intellectual property, net of accumulated amortization 

Deposits 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Interest payable 

Notes payable, net of unamortized discount 

Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized discount 

Due to a related party 

Operating lease liability 

Finance lease liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Series B Preferred Stock, shares
 designated; par
 value; Stated value , and 
 shares issued and outstanding, net of discount, respectively 
 - 

Notes payable, net of unamortized discount - non-current 

Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized discount - non-current 

Deferred revenues - non-current 

Operating lease liability - non-current 

Finance lease liability - non-current 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock: authorized; par value 

Series A Preferred Stock, shares designated; par value; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Preferred stock: 337,500 authorized; 0.001 par value Series A Preferred Stock,
 150,000 shares designated; 0.001 par value; 149,892 and 150,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock: 
 authorized; par value;
 and shares issued
and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See
the accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Loss on impairment of intangible asset 
 - 

Gain (loss) on settlement of debt 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Total other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Dividend on Series B Preferred Stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted loss per Common Share 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

See
the accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Series A 
 
 Additional 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series B preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued in conjunction with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for exercised cashless warrant 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrant issued in conjunction with debts 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Resolution of derivative liability upon exercise of warrant 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance, value 
 150,000 
 
 122,044 

Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisition of Centurion assets 
 - 
 - 

- 

Subscription for share issuance 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for conversion of preferred stock 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued in conjunction with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for exercised cashless warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for service 
 - 
 - 

- 

Resolution of derivative liability upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants issued in conjunction with debts 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 () 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2022 

() 
 
 Ending balance 

() 

See
the accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

(Gain) loss on settlement of debt 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Loss on impairment of intangible asset 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Bad debt 
 - 

Lease liability amortization 

Penalty interest 
 - 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued interest 

Deposit 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Advance payment for acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 

Net Cash used in Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable 

Repayment of convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of Series B Preferred Stock 

Redemption of Series B Preferred Stock 

Finance lease payments 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from related parties 

Repayment to related parties 

Net Cash provided by (used in) Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash Investing and Financing transactions: 

Common stock issued for acquisition of subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for exercised cashless warrant 

Settlement of series B preferred stock through issuance of common stock 
 - 

Settlement of convertible notes payable through issuance of common stock 

Common stock issued in conjunction with convertible note 

Warrant issued in conjunction with debts 

Dividend Series B preferred stock 

Resolution of derivative liability upon exercise of warrant 

Resolution of derivative liability upon conversion of debt 
 - 

Derivative liability recognized as debt discount 
 - 

Settlement of convertible notes payable through issuance of preferred common stock 
 - 

Note payable issued for settlement of License fee payable 
 - 

Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 
 - 

See
the accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

corporation on . On October 15, 2019, the Company
changed its name from LandStar, Inc. to Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc. within the state of Nevada. 

We
deliver solutions and capabilities that businesses can use in conjunction with their use of established cloud vendors such as Microsoft 
Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Amazon Web Services (AWS), as well as with on-premises databases and database applications
with virtualization platforms, such as those hosted or configured using VMWare , Citrix and Oracle clouds/products). 

Advance Payment for
Acquisition 

On
January 19, 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Centurion Holdings I, LLC Centurion to acquire the
intellectual property rights and certain assets collectively known as Centurion SmartShield Home and SmartShield Enterprise, patented
technology that protects and recovers devices in the event of ransomware attacks. The total purchase price of consists of:
(i) a cash payment at closing; (ii) a promissory note issued by Data443 in favor of Centurion Centurion Note 
and (iii) in the form of a contingent payment. The Centurion Note matures January 19, 2027 but provides that Data443 s
repayment obligation would accelerate on the occurrence of certain events. One of those events was a financing event that did not occur
within the originally anticipated timeframe. If that event had occurred, then Data443 s repayment obligation would have been to
repay the balance of the outstanding principal and interest as follows: (i) of the then-outstanding amount due in cash; and
(ii) the remaining balance, at Data443 s option, in Common stock or a combination of Common stock and cash, with the number of
shares of Common stock to be determined according to a specified formula. In April 2022, Data443 and Centurion agreed that, even though
the trigger for this acceleration event did not occur, Data443 would issue shares of Common stock to Centurion in an amount then-equivalent
to , as partial repayment of the obligation due under the Centurion Note. The number of shares of Common stock Data443 issued
to Centurion on April 20, 2022, was . Because Data443 still has some repayment obligations to fulfill under the Centurion Note,
as of the filing date of these financial statements, the acquisition that is the subject of the Centurion Asset Purchase Agreement is
still not completed, and is expected to be completed in 2023. 

Reverse
Stock Splits 

. All references to shares of our common stock in this annual report refers to the
number of shares of common stock after giving retrospective effect to these Reverse Stock Splits (unless otherwise indicated). 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

in share-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately in share-based compensation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Determining
the appropriate fair value model and the related assumptions requires judgment. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
fair value of each option grant was estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

The
expected volatility represents the historical volatility of the Company s publicly traded common stock. Due to limited historical
data, the Company calculates the expected life based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the contractual term which is in accordance
with the simplified method. The expected term for options granted to nonemployees is the contractual life. The risk-free interest rate
is based on a treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected life of stock options. The Company has not paid and does
not anticipate paying cash dividends on its shares of common stock; therefore, the expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero. 

. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim
periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits. 

The
determination of recording or releasing tax valuation allowance is made, in part, pursuant to an assessment performed by management regarding
the likelihood that the Company will generate future taxable income against which benefits of its deferred tax assets may or may not
be realized. 

using the straight-line method.
Major additions and improvements are capitalized as additions to the property and equipment accounts, while replacements, maintenance
and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the respective assets, are expensed as incurred. Estimated useful lives are periodically
reviewed and, when appropriate, changes are made prospectively. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, asset lives
may be adjusted and an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying amounts. 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred B stock 
 - 

Total 

operating segment and all of the Company s revenues and operations are currently
in the United States. 

. 

Computer Equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively, and recorded in general and administrative
expenses. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company acquired property and equipment of and , respectively. 
 
 months, with the following payments to be made by the Company to ArcMail: (i) upon signing the License Agreement; (ii) monthly
payments starting 30 days after the execution of the License Agreement in the amount of per month during months 1-6; (iii) monthly
payments in the amount of per month during months 7-17; and (iii) in month 18, final payment in the amount of . As of
December 31, 2019, the balance of payments due under the License Agreement was . In connection with the execution of the License
Agreement, two other agreements were also executed: (a) a Stock Purchase Rights Agreement, under which the Company has the right, though
not the obligation, to acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of ArcMail from Rory Welch, the CEO of ArcMail (the
right can be exercised over a period of 27 months); and (b) a Business Covenants Agreement, under which ArcMail and Mr. Welch agreed
to not compete with the Company s use of the ArcMail business under the License Agreement for a period of twenty-four (24) months. 
Mr. Welch shall continue to serve as ArcMail s CEO. The Company has not purchased any outstanding shares under the Stock Purchase
Rights Agreement. As of September 30, 2020, the Company terminated all agreements with Mr. Welch and ArcMail. The Company continued to
use all assets under the License Agreement and was finalizing an agreement with the creditors of Mr. Welch and ArcMail (the creditors
have taken ownership of the assets) for the Company s continued use of all assets. During the year ended December 31.
2021, the Company reached the agreement and issued notes payable of to settle license fee payable of . As a result,
the Company recorded a loss on settlement of debt of . 

On
August 13, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire certain assets collectively known as FileFacets ,
a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform that performs sophisticated data discovery and content search of structured and unstructured
data within corporate networks, servers, content management systems, email, desktops and laptops. The total purchase price was ,
which amount was paid in full at the closing of the transaction. 

On
September 21, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with the owners of a business known as IntellyWP , to
acquire the intellectual property rights and certain assets collectively known as IntellyWP , an Italy-based developer that produces
WordPress plug-ins that enhance the overall user experience for webmaster and end users. The total purchase price of consists
of: (i) a cash payment at closing; (ii) a cash payment of upon completion of certain training; and, (iii) a cash payment
of upon the Company collecting from the assets acquired in the subject transaction. 

On
October 8, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Resilient Network Systems, Inc. RNS to acquire the intellectual property rights and certain assets collectively known as Resilient Networks , a Silicon Valley based
SaaS platform that performs SSO and adaptive access control on the fly with sophisticated and flexible policy workflows
for authentication and authorization. The total purchase price of consists of: (i) a cash payment at closing; and,
(ii) the issuance of shares of our common stock to RNS. 

ARALOC 

ArcMail License 

DataExpress TM 

FileFacets TM 

IntellyWP 

Resilient Network Systems 

Intellectual property 

Accumulated amortization 

Impairment 
 - 

Intellectual property, net of accumulated amortization 

The
Company recognized amortization expense of approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
recorded as general and administrative expense. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company determined that IntellyWP TM should be impaired because of the reduction in sales
from this service. Accordingly, the Company estimated the undiscounted future cash flows to be generated by IntellyWP TM to
be an immaterial amount, which was less than the carrying amount of IntellyWP TM of . This resulted in a write-down
of the assets, which was reflected as a separate line item in the income statement. 

2024 

Thereafter 

Total 

Credit cards 

Accrued dividend - preferred stock 
 - 

Accrued liabilities 

Balance, end of year 

Deferral of revenue 

Recognition of deferred revenue 

Balance, end of year 

Non-current 

Balance, end of year 

Each operating lease has a renewal option and a rent
escalation clause. In the summer of 2022, we relocated to the expanded square footage of the premises that are the subject of the April
2022 lease to support our growing operations, and entered into a commission agreement with the landlord of the building to sublet the
premises that are the subject of the January 2019 lease. 

Lease
right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset pursuant to the lease for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent
the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement
of an arrangement where it is determined at inception that a lease exists. These assets and liabilities are initially recognized based
on the present value of lease payments over the lease term calculated using our estimated incremental borrowing rate generally applicable
to the location of the lease right-of-use asset, unless an implicit rate is readily determinable. We combine lease and certain non-lease
components in determining the lease payments subject to the initial present value calculation. Lease right-of-use assets include upfront
lease payments and exclude lease incentives, if applicable. When lease terms include an option to extend the lease, we have not assumed
the options will be exercised. 

Lease
expense for operating leases generally consist of both fixed and variable components. Expense related to fixed lease payments are recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments are generally expensed as incurred, where applicable, and include
agreed-upon changes in rent, certain non-lease components, such as maintenance and other services provided by the lessor, and other charges
included in the lease. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. We recognized total
lease expense of approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to
operating lease costs paid to lessors from operating cash flows. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded security deposit
of . We entered into our operating lease in January 2019. 

2024 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payment 

Less: Imputed interest 

Operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liability - current 

Operating lease liability - non-current 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Finance
lease 

The
Company leases computer and hardware under non-cancellable capital lease arrangements. The term of those capital leases is years and
annual interest rate is . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, capital lease obligations included in current liabilities were and
 , respectively, and capital lease obligations included in long-term liabilities were - 0 - and , respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded security deposit of . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid
interest expense of and , respectively. 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total finance lease payment 

Less: Imputed interest 

Finance lease liabilities 

Finance lease liability 

Finance lease liability - non-current 
 - 

Accumulated depreciation 

Finance lease assets, net of accumulated depreciation 

Convertible Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2021 

Convertible Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, Gross 

Less debt discount and debt issuance cost 

Convertible notes payable 

Less current portion of convertible notes payable 

Long-term convertible notes payable 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest expense on convertible notes payable of 
 and ,
and amortization of debt discount, included in interest expense of and ,
respectively. 

Replacement
of note 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company assigned a portion of note with outstanding principal amounts of to a lender.
Our CEO paid to repay a principal amount of on behalf of the company. As a result, the Company recorded due to related
party of and loss on settlement of debt of . 

Effective
September 30, 2020, the Company exchanged (i) its convertible promissory note originally issued on March 20, 2020 in the amount of 
(referred to herein as the Granite Note); and, (ii) the Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated 18 March 2020 for the issuance of sixteen shares of Company Common Stock (the Granite Warrant for the issuance of a new convertible promissory note issued
in favor of Blue Citi LLC in the amount of (the Exchange Note ). Both the Granite Note and the Granite Warrant
were cancelled as a result of the exchange and the issuance of the Exchange Note. Terms of the Exchange Note include, without limitation,
the following: 

a. 
 Principal
 balance of , which includes all accrued and unpaid interest on the Granite Note; 

b. 
 No
 further interest shall accrue so long as there is no event of default; 

c. 
 ; 

d. 
 No
 prepayment premiums or penalties; and 

e. 
 Maturity
 date of . Notes were fully converted in February 2021 

Effective
November 17, 2020, the Company entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with an existing
lender to, among things, settle all dispute regarding a convertible promissory note, and exchanged that note for a newly issued note.
The disputed note, referred to herein as the Smea2z Note , was originally issued on October 23, 2018 in favor of Smea2z
LLC in the original principal amount of Two Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ). Subsequent to the issuance of the Smea2z Note,
a series of agreements were executed which amended various terms and conditions of the Smea2z Note, resulting in, among other things,
a purported principal balance of Six Hundred Thousand Eight Hundred Fifty Dollars ). As a result of the Settlement Agreement,
the Smea2z Note was cancelled, and a new note was issued (the Exchange Note in exchange for the Smea2z Note. The Exchange
Note was issued as of November 17, 2020 in the reduced original principal amount of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ). The Exchange
Note further provides as follows: 

a. 
 No
 further interest shall accrue so long as there is no event of default; 

b. 
 Maturity
 date remains the same: ; 

c. 
 No
 right to prepay; 

d. 
 Conversion
 price is fixed at ; 

e. 
 for at least 5-consecutive days; and 

f. 
 Leak
 out provision: 

1. 
 One
 conversion per week, for no more than forty million shares; 

2. 
 If
 the trading volume for the Company s common stock exceeds fifty million shares on any day, a second conversion may be exercised
 during that week, again for no more than forty million shares (a total of eighty million shares for that week). Notes were fully
 converted in February 2021 

Effective
November 18, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with three existing investors in the Company 

 (the
 Warrant Holders ), each of which was the holder of warrants issued the Company. The total number of warrants (collectively,
the Exchanged Warrants held by the Warrant Holders totaled . The Company and the Warrant Holders agreed to exchange
the Exchanged Warrants for three newly issued promissory notes (the Warrant Exchange Notes ). As a result of the exchange,
the Exchanged Warrants were cancelled and of no further force and effect. The Warrants Exchange Notes were issued as of November 18,
2020, in the total original principal amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ). The Warrant Exchange Notes further provide as
follows: (i) interest accrues at 5 per annum; (ii) maturity date of November 18, 2025; (iii) no right to prepay; (iv) fixed conversion
price of ; and, (v) typical events of default for such a note. 

Conversion 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted notes with principal amounts and accrued interest of into shares
of common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company converted notes with principal amounts and accrued interest of into shares
of common stock. The corresponding derivative liability at the date of conversion of was credited to additional paid in capital. 

Convertible
notes payable consists of the following: 

Promissory
Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2020 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued a total of of notes with the following terms: 

Terms
 ranging from months to months. 

Annual
 interest rates of - . 

Certain note
 has a fixed conversion price of 0.5 for a first 5 months Certain note allows the principal amount will increase by and the
 discount rate of conversion price will decrease by if the conversion price is less than . 

As
of December 31, 2021, notes that were issued in fiscal year 2020 were outstanding. 

Promissory
Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued convertible notes of for cash proceeds of after deducting
financing fee of with the following terms; 

Terms
 ranging from days to months. 

Annual
 interest rates of to . 

shares of common stock valued at issued in conjunction with convertible notes. 

warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price a range from to granted in conjunction with convertible
 notes. The term of warrant is years from issue date. (Note 12) 

The convertible note on October 19, 2021 by the Company
in favor of Mast Hill Fund matured on which triggered the conversion provision, the default interest rate of and
penalty of additional principal based on the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest. As a result of additional principal
penalty, the outstanding principal balance increase and the effective interest rate increased to . 

The convertible note on December 21, 2021 by the Company in favor of Westland Properties, LLC matured on which triggered the default interest rate of and penalty of additional principal based on the outstanding principal
balance and accrued interest. The conversion provision triggered on the 6 month anniversary
of the note as a result of not completing the uplist. As a result of the covenants, outstanding principal increased by and
the effective interest rate increased to with an additional 5 every 10 days until uplist. 

As
of December 31, 2021, notes that were issued in fiscal year 2021 were outstanding. 

Convertible
note with outstanding balance is in default as of October 19, 2022 with a default interest rate of . We are in communication
with the lender. 

Convertible
note with outstanding balance is in default as of December 21, 2022 with a default interest rate of . We are in communication
with the lender. 

Promissory
Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2022 

During
the year ended December 31 ,
2022, we issued convertible promissory notes with principal amounts totaling , which resulted in cash proceeds of 
after deducting a financing fee of . The 2022 Convertible Notes have the following key provisions: 

Terms
 ranging from to months. 

Annual
 interest rates of to . 

. 

shares of common stock valued at issued in conjunction with convertible notes. 

In
connection with the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, we reclassified , previously allocated to the conversion feature,
from additional paid-in capital to convertible notes on our balance sheet. The reclassification was recorded to combine the two legacy
units of account into a single instrument classified as a liability. As of January 1, 2022, we also recognized a cumulative effect adjustment
of to accumulated deficit on our balance sheet, that was primarily driven by the derecognition of interest expense related to
the accretion of the debt discount as required under the legacy accounting guidance. Under ASU 2020-06, we will no longer incur non-cash
interest expense related to the accretion of the debt discount associated with the embedded conversion option. 

derivative liabilities. The Binomial model requires six basic data inputs: the exercise or strike price, time to expiration, the
risk-free interest rate, the current stock price, the estimated volatility of the stock price in the future, and the dividend rate.
Changes to these inputs could produce a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. The fair value of each convertible
note and warrant is estimated using the Binomial valuation model. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2021, the estimated fair values of the liabilities measured on a
recurring basis are as follows: 

The fair value of the derivative liability for all the notes that became convertible, including the notes issued in prior
years, during the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to recognized as a derivative loss. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2021,
the estimated fair values of the liabilities measured on a recurring basis are as follows: 

- years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Addition of new derivatives recognized as day-one loss 

Derivative liabilities settled upon conversion of convertible note 

Change in derivative liabilities recognized as loss on derivative 

Derivative liability as of December 31, 2021 
 - 

Addition of new derivatives recognized as debt discounts 
 - 
 
 Addition of new derivatives recognized as day-one loss 

Derivative liabilities settled upon conversion of convertible note 

Change in derivative liabilities recognized as loss on derivative 
 - 
 
 Derivative liability as of December 31, 2022 
 - 

The
aggregate loss on derivatives during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

years 

Promissory
 note - originated in September 2020 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in December 2020 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in January 2021 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in February 2021 (3) 

years 

Promissory
 note - originated in April 2021 (4) 

year 

Promissory
 note - originated in July 2021 (4) 

year 

Promissory
 note - originated in September 2021 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in December 2021 

- 

weekly payment for weeks 

Promissory
 note - originated in December 2021 

- 

weekly payment for weeks 

Promissory
 note - originated in December 2021 

- 

daily payment for days 

Promissory
 note - originated in April 2022 

- 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in April 2022 

- 

daily payment for days 

Promissory
 note originated in June 2022 

- 

weekly payment for weeks 

Promissory
 note - originated in July 2022 

- 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in July 2022 

- 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in August 2022 

- 

monthly payment for months 

Promissory
 note - originated in October 2022 

- 

daily payment for days 

Less
 debt discount and debt issuance cost 

() 

() 

Less
 current portion of promissory notes payable 

Long-term
 promissory notes payable 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 
 to settle license fee payable of . As a result, we recorded loss
 on settlement of debt of in fiscal year 2021. 

(4) 
 matured on . Note payable with outstanding balance
of matured on . The default annual interest rate of becomes the effective
 interest rate on the past due principal and interest. A penalty of of the outstanding principal and accrued interest was triggered and as a result and ,
respectively, additional principal was added to the outstanding balance. We are in communication with the lender. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest expense on notes payable of 
and ,
and amortization of debt discount, included in interest expense of 
and ,
respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued a total of and , less discount of and
 and repaid and , respectively. 

. 

On
April 15, 2020, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of authorized common stock to . 

On
August 17, 2020, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of authorized common stock to . 

On
November 25, 2020 the Company filed a Certificate of Designation to authorize and create its Series B Preferred shares, consisting of
 shares, par value. 

On
December 15, 2020 the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of authorized common stock to . 

On
July 1, 2021, we effected a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock. 

On
March 7, 2022, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of its issued
and outstanding shares of common and preferred shares, each with par value. All per share amounts and number of shares, in the
consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

Preferred
Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued shares of Series B preferred stock for , less financing fees. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed shares of Series B preferred stock, representing all outstanding shares of Series
B preferred stock, for . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded an accrued dividend of , and amortization of debt discount, included in interest
expense of . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and shares of Series B were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Each
share of Series A is the equivalent of shares of Common Stock. Our
Chief Executive Officer, Jason Remillard, holds shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. Through his ownership of Series A Preferred
Shares, Mr. Remillard has voting control over all matters to be submitted to a vote of our shareholders. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued shares of Common Stock for conversion of Series A preferred stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and shares of Series A were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of . The total number of shares of Company common stock issued and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was and shares, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock as follows: 

shares issued for conversion of debt; 

shares issued upon the cash-less exercise of warrants; 

shares issued for consideration under an asset purchase agreement; 

shares issued for conversion of Series A preferred stock; 

shares issued for services; 

shares issued as a loan fee in connection with the issuance of promissory notes; and 

shares were subscribed for cash pursuant to private placement offering. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued common stock as follows: 

shares issued for conversion of debt; 

shares issued for cash of , less financing cost of , less an additional financing discount of ; 

shares issued for service; 

shares issued upon the cash-less exercise of warrants; 

shares issued for conversion of Series B preferred stock; 

shares issued as a loan fee in connection with the issuance of promissory notes. 

Beginning
on August 25, 2022 and concluding on November 4, 2022, the Company initiated a private placement transaction with certain
 accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
In connection with the Offering, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with each investor pursuant to which we offered and
sold to the investors a total of shares of our common stock, par value at a purchase price of per share, for aggregate
gross proceeds of approximately . The Common stock has not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or
sold in the United States absent effective registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. For these shares,
we are relying on the private placement exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and by Rule 506
of Regulation D, promulgated thereunder and on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. 

Warrants 

The
Company identified conversion features embedded within warrants issued during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company has determined
that the conversion feature of the Warrants represents an embedded derivative since the conversion price includes a reset provision which
could cause adjustments upon conversion. During the year ended December 31, 2020, warrants were granted, for a period of 
from issuance, at price of per share. However, as of September 30, 2020, 16 of these original warrants, as reset, were completely
cancelled and are all null and void in all respects as part of the consideration for the issuance of the Exchange Note. 

As
a result of the reset features, the warrants increased by for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the total warrants exercisable
into shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of per share as of December 31, 2020. The reset feature
of warrants was effective at the time that a separate convertible instrument with lower exercise price was issued. We accounted for the
issuance of the Warrants as a derivative. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with three existing investors in the Company (the Holders ),
each of which was the holder of warrants issued the Company. The total number of warrants (collectively, the Warrants held by the Holders totaled . The Company and the Holders agreed to exchange the Warrants for three newly issued convertible promissory
notes. As a result of the exchange, the Company recorded loss on settlement of . 

On
December 11, 2020, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Triton Funds
LP, a Delaware limited partnership Triton ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, subject to certain conditions set forth
in the Purchase Agreement, Triton is obligated to purchase up to One Million Dollars of the Company s common stock
from time-to-time. The Company also granted to Triton warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock. The exercise
price for the warrants is per share, and may be exercised at any time, in whole or in part, prior to December 11, 2025. The Warrant
Agreement provides for certain adjustments that may be made to the exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon exercise due
to future corporate events. The Warrant Agreement also contains a limited cashless exercise feature, providing for the cashless exercise
of shares only upon the Company s failure to secure the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, which is to include
all shares under the Warrant Agreement. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued the following warrants: (i) to acquire shares of the Company s common
stock pursuant at an exercise price of , with a cashless exercise option; (ii) to acquire shares of the Company s common
stock at an exercise price of , exercisable only in the event of a default under that certain Senior Secured Promissory Note issued
on 23 April 2021 in the original principal amount of ; (iii) to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price of , exercisable only in the event of a default under that certain Senior Secured Promissory Note issued on July
27, 2021 in the original principal amount of ; (iv) to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of , exercisable only in the event of a default under that certain Convertible Promissory Note issued on September 28, 2021
in the original principal amount of ; (v) to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of
 , exercisable only in the event of a default under that certain Convertible Promissory Note issued on October 19, 2021 in the original
principal amount of and, (vi) to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of , exercisable
only in the event of a default under that certain Convertible Promissory Note issued on December 21, 2021 in the original principal amount
of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued the following warrants: (i) to acquire shares of the Company s common
stock pursuant at an exercise price of , with a cashless exercise option; and (ii) to acquire shares of the Company s common
stock pursuant at an exercise price of , with a cashless exercise option. 

Granted 

Reset
 feature 

- 

- 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited/canceled 

- 

- 

Outstanding,
 December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Reset
 feature 

- 

- 

Exercised 

() 

- 

Forfeited/canceled 

- 

- 

Outstanding,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

F- 25 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has established a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such
assets. During 2022 the valuation allowance increased by . The Company has net operating and economic loss carry-forwards of
approximately available to offset future federal and state taxable income. 

A
reconciliation between expected income taxes, computed at the federal income tax rate of applied to the pretax accounting loss, and
our blended state income tax rate of , and the income tax net expense included in the consolidated statements of operations for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Income tax (recovery) at statutory rate 

State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect 

Permanent difference and other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense per books 
 - 
 - 

The
effective tax rate of differs from our statutory rate of primarily due to the effect of non-deductible income and expenses. Tax
returns for the years ended 2013 2022, are subject to review by the tax authorities. 

and have a maximum term of . 

Grants 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Grants 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. The total fair value of stock options that granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 
and , respectively. The fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option
pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Expected stock price volatility 

Weighted-average risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend 

Volatility
is a measure of the amount by which a financial variable such as share price has fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to
fluctuate (expected volatility) during a period. The Company estimates expected volatility giving primary consideration to the historical
volatility of its common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the published yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an
equivalent term remaining equal to the expected life of the stock option. The expected lives of the stock options represent the estimated
period of time until exercise or forfeiture and are based on the simplified method of using the mid-point between the vesting term and
the original contractual term. 

Exercisable 

Expected to vest 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested
stock-based compensation arrangements which is expected to be recognized within the next year. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued restricted stock awards for shares of common stock which have been reserved
for the holders of the awards. Restricted stock awards were issued to certain consultants and advisors as consideration for services
rendered. The terms of the restricted stock units are determined by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company s restricted
stock shares generally vest over a period of and have a maximum term of . 

Shares of restricted stock granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Shares of restricted stock granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Non-vested 
 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related
to non-vested stock-based compensation, which is expected to be recognized over the next year. 

Interest expense - notes payable 

Interest expense - notes payable - related party 
 - 

Finance lease 

Other 

Amortization of debt discount 

Interest expense 

by Mr. Remillard.
Those assets were comprised of the software program known as ClassiDocs, and all intellectual property associated therewith. This acquisition
changed the Company s status to no longer being a shell under applicable securities rules. In consideration for the
acquisition, the Company agreed to a purchase price of comprised of: (i) paid at closing; (ii) in the form
of our promissory note; and (iii) in shares of our common stock, valued as of the closing, which equated to shares of
our common stock. The shares were issued in the form of shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock as part of the
consideration under the Share Settlement Agreement dated August 14, 2020. 

On
September 16, 2019, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with DMBGroup, LLC. Amounts owed to DMBGroup, LLC including
the note payable of and member loans of were recorded as amounts due to a related party. During the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid note payable of and including interest expense of and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded a liability to DMBGroup totaling and , respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed from our CEO, our CEO paid operating expenses of on behalf of
the Company and the Company repaid to our CEO. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed 
 from our CEO, our CEO paid operating expenses
of 
 on behalf of the Company and the Company repaid
 
 to our CEO. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had due to related party of and , respectively, which arose from the DMB
transaction to acquire DataExpress . 

of principal and of accrued
 interest of the convertible note into shares of our common stock. 

On
 January 9, 2023, Westland Properties, LLC converted of principal of the convertible
 note into shares of our common stock. 

On
 January 16, 2023, Root Ventures LLC converted of principal of the convertible note
 into shares of our common stock. 

On
 January 20, 2023, Fast Capital, LLC converted of principal of the convertible note
 into shares of our common stock. 

On
January 24, 2023, the Company issued convertible note a total of , which the term of notes is year and Original Interest Discount
of . Note is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and conversion price are Conversion price is per share. 

On February 1, 2023, Mast Hill Fund converted 
of principal and of accrued interest of the convertible note into shares of our common stock. 

On February 6, 2023, Westland Properties, LLC converted of principal of the convertible note into 
shares of our common stock. 

On February 17, 2023, Mast Hill Fund converted of principal and of accrued interest of the convertible
note into shares of our common stock. 

F- 29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DATED:
 February 24, 2023 
 DATA443
 RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

BY: 
 /s/
 Jason Remillard 

Jason
 Remillard, 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATED 

/s/ Jason Remillard 
 
 Chairman of the Board; 
 
 February 24 2023 
 
 Jason Remillard 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Greg McCraw 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 Greg McCraw 

52 

<EX-4.24>
 2
 ex4-24.htm

Exhibit 4.24 

</EX-4.24>

<EX-4.25>
 3
 ex4-25.htm

Exhibit 4.25 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-4.26>
 4
 ex4-26.htm

Exhibit 4.26 

</EX-4.26>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit 10.14 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.30>
 6
 ex10-30.htm

Exhibit 10.30 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 7
 ex10-31.htm

Exhibit 10.31 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 8
 ex10-32.htm

Exhibit
10.32 

ASSET
SALE AGREEMENT 

PURCHASE
OF THE ASSETS OF 

 WALA,
INC. 

 BY 

 DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC. 

January
31, 2021 

ASSET
SALE AGREEMENT 

I 

 PARTIES 

THIS
ASSET SALE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into effective as of the 31st day of January 2021 (the Effective
Date ), by and between DATA443 RISK MITIGATION, INC., a North Carolina corporation Buyer ); and ,
each and all of those persons identified on Exhibit I, attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, and each referred to herein
individually as a Noteholder , and collectively as the Noteholders or the Sellers .
Buyer and each of the Noteholders are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the Parties , and each individually
as a Party . 

II 

 RECITALS 

A. Noteholders
previously entered into a transaction with WALA, INC., a Louisiana corporation, d/b/a Arcmail Technology Debtor under which, among other things, Debtor issued a series of its promissory notes in favor of the Noteholders, with each of the notes having
an effective date of 01 September 2014 (collectively, the Notes ), in the original principal balances set forth on
Exhibit I. 

B. The
Notes were secured by, among other things, the grant of a blanket security interest in all of the assets of Debtor (the Collateral ),
with said security interest perfected pursuant to that certain (i) Security Agreement by and among the Debtor, the CEO of Debtor, Rory
Welch Welch ), and Noteholders, dated 01 September 2014 (the Debtor Security Agreement ); and,
(ii) UCC-1 Financing Statement #09-1249787, dated 10 October 2014 and filed in the State of Louisiana (the Financing Statement ). 

C. All
obligations owed by the Debtor to the Noteholders under the Notes are referred to herein as the Indebtedness . 

D . On
07 February 2019 Buyer entered into an Exclusive License and Management Agreement (the License Agreement with Debtor
under which Buyer was granted the exclusive right and license to receive all benefits from the marketing, selling, and licensing of the
business conducted by Debtor under the name ArcMail (collectively, the ArcMail Business ), which assets were included
as part of the Collateral. 

E . Buyer
has continued to act under the License Agreement and operate the ArcMail Business and remit proceeds, at various times, to Debtor for
repayment of the Indebtedness, and directly to Noteholders for repayment of the Indebtedness. 

F. Debtor
is in default of its obligations under the Notes, and all of such obligations are now past due and payable. 

G. Sellers
have initiated a dation en paiement under Louisiana law (the Dation ), under which Sellers will enforce its
remedies against Debtor and the Collateral, resulting in Seller having clear and unencumbered title to the Collateral. 

H. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and conditioned on the successful completion of the Dation, Buyer has agreed to purchase
from Sellers, and Sellers have agreed to sell to Buyer, all of Sellers and Debtor s right, title and interest in the Purchased
Assets (as defined below). 

I. NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1 

III 

 DEFINED
TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 

3.1 Definitions .
The following capitalized terms shall have the respective meanings specified in this Article III. Other terms defined elsewhere herein
shall have meanings so given them. 

BriteForce
Assets means all computer programs/software, algorithms, intellectual property, business plans, customers, contracts, customer
information and data, domain names, websites, phone numbers, and all computer drives, devices or storage units on which the BriteForce
programs and intellectual property is stored, operating and or maintained. 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Encumbrance 
means any charge, claim, mortgage, servitude, easement, right of way, community or other marital property interest, covenant, equitable
interest, license, lease or other possessory interest, lien, option, pledge, hypothecation, security interest, preference, priority,
right of first refusal, condition, limitation or restriction of any kind or nature whatsoever (whether absolute or contingent). 

Indebtedness 
means, with respect to any Person, (a) all indebtedness of such Person, whether or not contingent, for borrowed money; (b) all
obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments or debt securities and warrants or other
rights to acquire any such instruments or securities; and, (c) all Indebtedness of others referred to in clauses (a) and (b) hereof
guaranteed, directly or indirectly, in any manner by such Person, or in effect guaranteed directly or indirectly by such Person through
an agreement (i) to pay or purchase such Indebtedness or to advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such Indebtedness,
(ii) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor) property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the purpose of enabling
the debtor to make payment of such Indebtedness or to assure the holder of such Indebtedness against loss, (iii) to supply funds
to or in any other manner invest in the debtor (including any agreement to pay for property or services irrespective of whether such
property is received or such services are rendered), (iv) to grant an Encumbrance on property owned or acquired by such Person,
whether or not the obligation secured thereby has been assumed, or (v) otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. 

Intellectual
Property means all of the following anywhere in the world and all legal rights, title or interest in, under or in respect
of the following arising under applicable law, whether or not filed, perfected, registered or recorded and whether now or later existing,
filed, issued or acquired, including all renewals: (a) all patents and applications for patents and all related reissues, reexaminations,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations in part; (b) all copyrights, copyright registrations
and copyright applications, copyrightable works and all other corresponding rights; (c) all mask works, mask work registrations
and mask work applications and all other corresponding rights; (d) all trade dress and trade names, logos, Internet addresses and
domain names, trademarks and service marks and related registrations and applications, including any intent to use applications, supplemental
registrations and any renewals or extensions, all other indicia of commercial source or origin and all goodwill associated with any of
the foregoing; (e) all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), know how, technology,
technical data, trade secrets, confidential business information, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, research and
development information, financial, marketing and business data, pricing and cost information, business and marketing plans, advertising
and promotional materials, customer, distributor, reseller and supplier lists and information, correspondence, records, and other documentation,
and other proprietary information of every kind; (f) all computer software (including source and object code), firmware, development
tools, algorithms, files, records, technical drawings and related documentation, data and manuals; (g) all databases and data collections;
(h) all other proprietary rights; and (i) all copies and tangible embodiments of any of the foregoing (in whatever form or
medium). 

2 

Liability 
includes liabilities, debts or other obligations of any nature, whether known or unknown, absolute, accrued, contingent, liquidated,
unliquidated or otherwise, due or to become due or otherwise, whether or not required to be reflected on a balance sheet prepared in
accordance with GAAP. 

Loss 
means any loss, Proceeding, Judgment, damage, fine, penalty, expense (including reasonable attorneys or other professional fees
and expenses and court costs), injury, Liability, Tax, Encumbrance or other cost or expense whatsoever, whether or not involving the
claim of another person. 

 Material
Adverse Effect means any event, change, circumstance, effect or other matter that has, or could reasonably be expected to
have, either individually or in the aggregate with all other events, changes, circumstances, effects or other matters, with or without
notice, lapse of time or both, a material adverse effect on the ArcMail Business, Purchased Assets, Assumed Liabilities, financial condition,
operating results or operations of the ArcMail Business, taken as a whole; provided, however, that the following shall not be deemed
by itself to constitute a Material Adverse Effect: effects caused by changes or circumstances affecting general market conditions in
the U.S. or foreign economies or which are generally applicable to the industry in which the ArcMail Business operates. 

Tax 
means (a) any federal, state, local, foreign or other tax, charge, fee, duty (including customs duty), levy or assessment, including
any income, gross receipts, net proceeds, alternative or add-on minimum, corporation, ad valorem, turnover, real property, personal property
(tangible or intangible), sales, use, franchise, excise, value added, stamp, leasing, lease, user, transfer, fuel, excess profits, profits,
occupational, premium, interest equalization, windfall profits, severance, license, registration, payroll, environmental (including taxes
under Section 59A of the Code), capital stock, capital duty, disability, estimated, gains, wealth, welfare, employee s income
withholding, other withholding, unemployment or social security or other tax of whatever kind (including any fee, assessment or other
charges in the nature of or in lieu of any tax) that is imposed by any governmental authority, (b) any interest, fines, penalties
or additions resulting from, attributable to, or incurred in connection with any items described in this paragraph or any related contest
or dispute and (c) any items described in this paragraph that are attributable to another Person but that the Debtor Companies are
liable to pay by Law, by Contract or otherwise, whether or not disputed. 

Ordinary
Course of Business shall mean an action taken by a person only if: (a) such action is consistent with the past practices of
such person and is taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of such person; (b) such action is not required to
be authorized by the board of directors of such person (or by any person or group of persons exercising similar authority); and, (c)
such action is similar in nature and magnitude to actions customarily taken, without any authorization by the board of directors (or
by any person or group of persons exercising similar authority), in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of other
persons that are in the same line of business as such person. 

Proceeding 
means any action, arbitration, audit, examination, investigation, hearing, litigation or suit (whether civil, criminal, administrative,
judicial or investigative, whether formal or informal, and whether public or private) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before,
or otherwise involving, any governmental authority or arbitrator. 

Transaction
Documents means, collectively, the Bill of Sale; the IP Assignments; the Security Agreement; and, all other documents and
agreements required to be delivered at the Closing. 

3.2 Accounting
Terms and Determinations . All accounting terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning accorded
to them in accordance with GAAP and, except as expressly provided herein, all accounting determinations shall be made in accordance with
GAAP, consistently applied. When used herein, the term financial statements shall include the notes and schedules attached
thereto. The term GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied as in effect from time
to time. 

3 

3.3 Interpretation . 

3.3.1. Provision
Not Construed Against Party Drafting Agreement . This Agreement is the result of negotiations by and between the Parties; is the
product of the work and efforts of all Parties; and, shall be deemed to have been drafted by all Parties. Each Party has had the opportunity
to be represented by independent legal counsel of its choice. In the event of a dispute, no Party shall be entitled to claim that any
provision should be construed against any other Party by reason of the fact that it was drafted by one particular Party. 

3.3.2. Agreement
Provisions, Exhibits, and Schedules . When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Subsection, Exhibit,
or Schedule, such reference shall be to said item of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The Exhibits and Schedules identified
in this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof as if set out in full herein. 

3.3.3. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, and all references, documents, or instruments referred to herein, contains the entire agreement and
understanding of the Parties in respect to the subject matter contained herein. The Parties have expressly not relied upon any promises,
representations, warranties, agreements, covenants, or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein. This
Agreement supersedes (i) any and all prior written or oral agreements, understandings, and negotiations between the Parties with respect
to the subject matter contained herein; and, (ii) any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms
hereof. 

3.3.4. Severability .
Each and every provision of this Agreement is severable and independent of any other term or provision of this Agreement. If any term
or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability
shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other
jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable
manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

3.3.5. Successors
and Assigns . Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, each and all of the covenants, terms, provisions, conditions, and
agreements herein contained shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Parties. This Agreement
is not assignable by either Party without the expressed written consent of all Parties. 

3.3.6. Time .
All Parties agree that time is of the essence as to this Agreement. 

3.3.7. Governing
Law . Except where the application of Article 9 is specifically provided for, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of North
Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of North Carolina.
If any court action is necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that the appropriate
court in Wake County, North Carolina, shall be the sole jurisdiction and venue for the bringing of such action. 

3.4 Additional
Definitions and Interpretation Provisions . For purposes of this Agreement, (i) those words, names, or terms which are specifically
defined herein shall have the meaning specifically ascribed to them; (ii) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term
stated either in the singular or plural shall include the singular and plural; (iii) wherever from the context it appears appropriate,
the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender, shall each include the others; (iv) the words hereof , herein ,
 hereunder , and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole, and not
to any particular provision of this Agreement; (v) all references to Dollars or shall be construed as being
United States Dollars; (vi) the term including is not limiting and means including without limitation and,
(vii) all references to all statutes, statutory provisions, regulations, or similar administrative provisions shall be construed as a
reference to such statute, statutory provision, regulation, or similar administrative provision as in force at the date of this Agreement
and as may be subsequently amended. 

4 

IV 

 THE
TRANSACTION 

4.1 Purchase
and Sale of Purchased Assets . As a direct result of the successful completion of the Dation, and further pursuant to Article
9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted by the State of Louisiana, as amended from time-to-time Article 9 ),
and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, Sellers hereby agree to irrevocably sell, convey, assign, and transfer to Buyer,
and Buyer hereby agrees to purchase and acquire from Sellers, all right, title and interest of Sellers and Debtor, free and clear of
any and all Encumbrances other than those expressly permitted hereunder, in and to all of the properties and assets listed on Exhibit
4.1, attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, wherever located (collectively, the Purchased Assets ),
 as is , where is , without recourse other than as provided and limited in Article XI of this Agreement, and
without representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties as to title, possession,
existence, quiet enjoyment, noninfringement, merchantability, value, useful life, fitness for intended use, or similar representations
and warranties, other than the representations and warranties set forth in Article V of this Agreement. 

4.2 Excluded
Assets . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 4.1 or elsewhere in this Agreement, other than the BriteForce Assets,
which shall be considered Excluded Assets (as defined below), all assets of Debtor not named as a Purchased Asset or otherwise related
to the Purchased Assets are excluded from the Purchased Assets (collectively, the Excluded Assets ). For the avoidance
of doubt, all assets related to the ArcMail Business, and all Intellectual Property of Debtor, are to be specifically included as part
of the Purchased Assets, except, however, the BriteForce Assets are not Purchased Assets, and are instead, Excluded Assets. 

4.3 Assumed
Liabilities . Notwithstanding any other provision, the transfer of the Purchased Assets pursuant to this Agreement does not include
the assumption of any Liability related to the Purchased Assets, other than the obligation to pay the Purchase Price pursuant to Section
4.5, below. Buyer assumes the liabilities arising out of the Purchased Assets and the operation of the ArcMail Business from and after
the Closing Date. 

4.4 Excluded
Liabilities . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other writing to the contrary, and regardless of any
information disclosed to Buyer or any of its Affiliates or representatives, Buyer does not assume and has no responsibility for any Liabilities
arising out of or relating to any Liabilities of Debtor or Sellers other than the Assumed Liabilities specifically listed in Section
4.3 (such unassumed Liabilities, the Excluded Liabilities ). 

4.5 Purchase
Price and Payment . As consideration for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Buyer shall pay to Sellers a total purchase
price (the Purchase Price in the amount of One Million Four Hundred Four Thousand Dollars 1,404,000), as evidenced
by the promissory notes in the same form as Exhibits 4.5(a)-(c) attached hereto, and payable in accordance with the following: 

(a) Payments
shall commence on the thirtieth (30 th day following Closing and continue thereafter on the same day of each successive month
for a total of sixty (60) months, as follows: 

Months 
 Payment 
 
 1-12 
 10,000 
 
 13-24 
 15,000 
 
 25-36 
 20,000 
 
 37-48 
 30,000 
 
 49-60 
 42,000 

The
Payments shall be split among the Sellers as provided in the promissory notes in the same form as Exhibits 4.5(a)-(c) attached hereto. 

5 

(b) Each
payment shall be in the form of a wire transfer of immediately available funds, sent to Sellers. 

(c) A
Seller s wire instructions may be amended at any time by written notice from such Seller to Buyer. 

4.6 Security
for Payment . Prompt payment of the Purchase Price shall be secured by a Security Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
4.6 and incorporated herein by reference (the Security Agreement ). 

4.7 Right
to Offset . In the event Buyer determines that payment of any Excluded Liability is necessary or desirable to allow the ArcMail
Business, as acquired by Buyer hereunder, to continue on an uninterrupted basis, then Buyer shall be required to give Sellers fifteen
(15) days prior written notice, which notice shall set forth the amount and identity of the Excluded Liability it proposes to pay (the
 Proposed Payment ). If Sellers shall not have paid such Proposed Payment within such fifteen (15) day period or taken
reasonable steps to contest such Proposed Payment where Sellers have reasonable basis to contest such Proposed Payment, then Buyer may
remit payment of the Proposed Payment and offset the amount of such Proposed Payment against amounts then or thereafter due Sellers for
the Purchase Price. 

4.8 Allocation
of Purchase Price . The Purchase Price will be allocated in accordance with Schedule 4.8, attached hereto and incorporated
herein by reference. After Closing the Parties will make consistent use of the allocation, fair market values and useful lives specified
in Schedule 4.8 for all Tax purposes and in all filings, declarations and reports with the IRS in respect thereof, including the
reports required to be filed under Section 1060 of the Code. In any Proceeding related to the determination of any Tax, neither
Buyer nor any of the Sellers will contend or represent that such allocation is not a correct allocation. 

V 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS 

Each
Seller, for himself/herself/itself, as appropriate, represents and warrants to Buyer that the representations and warranties contained
in this Article V are true, correct, and complete as of the Effective Date and will be correct and complete as of the Closing Date (as
though made then and as though the Closing Date were substituted for the Effective Date throughout this Article V), except as otherwise
expressly provided for to contrary herein: 

5.1 Organization
and Good Standing . Seller s principal place of business is reflected on Exhibit I, and if an entity, is duly formed, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state in which it was formed, having all requisite company power and authority to
execute, deliver, and perform the transactions contemplated hereby. 

5.2 Execution
and Performance of Agreement . Seller has the requisite right, power, authority, and capacity to enter into, execute, deliver,
perform, and carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (i) each of the Transaction Documents; and, (ii) each of the other
instruments and agreements to be executed and delivered by Seller in connection with this Agreement, as well as all transactions contemplated
hereunder. All requisite proceedings have been taken and Seller has obtained all approvals, consents, and authorizations necessary to
authorize the execution, delivery, and performance by Seller of this Agreement, and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is
a party. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller and constitutes the valid, binding, and enforceable
obligation of Seller, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditor s rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

6 

5.3 Effect
of Agreement . As of the Closing, the consummation by Seller of the transactions herein contemplated, including the execution,
delivery and consummation of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, will not: 

(a) Violate
any judgment, statute, law, code, act, order, writ, rule, ordinance, regulation, governmental consent or governmental requirement, or
determination or decree of any arbitrator, court, or other governmental agency or administrative body, which now or at any time hereafter
may be applicable to and enforceable against the relevant party, work, or activity in question or any part thereof (collectively, Requirement
of Law applicable to or binding upon Seller or the Purchased Assets; 

(b) Violate
(i) the terms of the formation or organizational documents of Seller; or, (ii) any material agreement, contract, mortgage, indenture,
bond, bill, note, or other material instrument or writing binding upon Seller or to which Seller is subject; or 

(c) Result
in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default
under, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any part of the Purchased Assets under any
agreement, commitment, contract (written or oral) or other instrument to which Seller is a party, or by which any of the Purchased Assets
is bound or affected. 

5.4 Consents .
No consents, approvals or other authorizations or notices, other than those which have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
are required by any state or federal regulatory authority or other person or entity in connection with the execution and delivery of
the Transaction Documents and the performance of any obligations contemplated thereby. 

5.5 Title .
At or before Closing, as a direct result of the Dation, (a) Seller will have clear legal ownership of and title to all of the Purchased
Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances; (b) Seller shall have eliminated the rights of all others in and to the Purchased Assets;
(c) Seller has not amended or modified the Note so as to limit its right to enter into this Agreement with the Buyer to sell and
convey Debtor s rights and interest in the Purchased Assets; and, (d) Seller has the right and is entitled to enforce its
security interest by the Dation, and has taken all steps required under the Dation. Article 9, and applicable law, or otherwise has obtained
a waiver of the right to notice from all parties entitled to such notice, to transfer to Buyer all rights and interest in the Purchased
Assets, free and clear of the lien of Seller and any lien subordinate to the lien of Seller, and all other Encumbrances. 

5.6 Indebtedness;
Deficiency . The amount of the Indebtedness exceeds the amount of the Purchase Price. Sellers shall be entitled to receive the
Purchase Price and no other payment for the Purchased Assets from Buyer, and hereby expressly waive any and all right to any further
payment from Buyer for any such deficiency. 

5.7 Commercially
Reasonable . Sellers have acted in a commercially reasonable manner and exercised and extended their best efforts to maximize
value and return from a sale of the Purchased Assets. 

5.8 Proceedings .
There are no pending Proceedings (a) by or against Seller that relate to the Indebtedness or related documents or related to or
could reasonably be expected to affect the ArcMail Business or the Purchased Assets; or, (b) that challenge, or that may have the effect
of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To Seller s
Knowledge, no such Proceeding has been threatened. 

5.9 Investigation .
Sellers have entered into this Agreement, and as of the Closing, will be selling the Purchased Assets, based upon its own independent
investigation; advice of independent legal counsel selected in its sole discretion; and, the covenants, representations, and warranties
of Buyer set forth herein. Sellers are expressly not relying on any oral representations made by Buyer or any representative of Buyer. 

7 

5.10 Disclosure .
No representation or warranty of Sellers in this Agreement, or any certificate, instrument or other document delivered by or on behalf
of Sellers pursuant to this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party, contains or will contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein, in light
of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

5.11 Advice
of Changes . Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, Sellers shall promptly advise Buyer in writing of any fact which,
if existing or known at the Effective Date, would have been required to be set forth or disclosed in or pursuant to this Agreement or
of any fact which, if existing or known at the Effective Date, would have made any of the representations contained herein untrue. 

VI 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 

Buyer
represents and warrants to Sellers that the representations and warranties contained in this Article VI are true, correct, and complete
as of the Effective Date and will be correct and complete as of the Closing Date (as though made then and as though the Closing Date
were substituted for the Effective Date throughout this Article VI), except as otherwise expressly provided for to contrary herein: 

6.1 Organization .
Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of North Carolina. Buyer is
duly authorized to conduct business and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

6.2 Authorization . 

6.2.1. Operation
of Business . Buyer has the corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now
being conducted. Buyer has the corporate authority to enter into, execute, and deliver this Agreement, and the agreements referred to
herein, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

6.2.2. Execution
of Agreement . Buyer has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and carry out the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, as well as all transactions contemplated hereunder. All corporate
proceedings have been taken and all corporate authorizations have been secured which are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery
and performance by Buyer of this Agreement, and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by Buyer and constitutes the valid and binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with
the respective terms. 

6.3 Effect
of Agreement . As of the Closing, the consummation by Buyer of the transactions herein contemplated, including the execution,
delivery and consummation of this Agreement, will not: 

(a) Violate
any Requirement of Law applicable to or binding upon Buyer; 

(b) Violate
(i) the terms of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Buyer; or, (ii) any material agreement, contract, mortgage, indenture, bond,
bill, note, or other material instrument or writing binding upon Buyer or to which Buyer is subject; or 

(c) Accelerate
or constitute an event entitling the holder of any indebtedness of Buyer to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness; or 

(d) Result
in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default
under, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any part of the assets of Buyer or any other
assets of Buyer under any agreement, commitment, contract (written or oral) or other instrument to which Buyer is a party, or by which
any of its assets (or any part thereof) is bound or affected. 

8 

6.4 Legal
Proceedings . There is no Proceeding pending or, to Buyer s knowledge, threatened, against Buyer that challenges, or that
may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. 

6.5 Investigation .
Buyer has entered into this Agreement, and as of the Closing, will be purchasing the Purchased Assets, based upon its own independent
investigation; advice of independent legal counsel selected in its sole discretion; and, the covenants, representations, and warranties
of Sellers set forth herein. Buyer is expressly not relying on any oral representations made by Seller or any representative of Sellers. 

6.6 Disclosure .
No representation or warranty of Buyer in this Agreement, or any certificate, instrument or other document delivered by or on behalf
of Buyer pursuant to this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party, contains or will contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein, in light
of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

6.7 Advice
of Changes . Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, Buyer shall promptly advise the Sellers Representative in
writing of any fact which, if existing or known at the Effective Date, would have been required to be set forth or disclosed in or pursuant
to this Agreement or of any fact which, if existing or known at the Effective Date, would have made any of the representations contained
herein untrue. 

VII 

 PRE-CLOSING
OBLIGATIONS 

7.1 Dation
and Article 9 Obligations . Sellers shall take all action necessary to comply with the requirements of the Dation and Article
9 in order to obtain ownership of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances; effect the transactions hereunder; and, otherwise
satisfy its obligations hereunder. 

7.2 Mutual
Obligations . The Parties agree as follows with respect to the period from and after the Effective Date up to and including the
Closing: 

7.2.1. General .
Each of the Parties will use its respective best efforts to take all action and to do all things necessary in order to consummate and
make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including satisfaction, but not waiver, of all conditions for Closing
established herein). 

7.2.2. Notice
of Proceedings . Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party, in writing, of any pending or, to the knowledge of such Party,
threatened Proceeding by any other person (i) challenging or seeking material damages in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereunder; (ii) seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder or otherwise
limit the right of Buyer to own or operate all or any portion of the ArcMail Business or Purchased Assets; or, (iii) which could have
a Material Adverse Effect on the transaction envisioned hereunder. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Closing Date or the
termination of this Agreement, the Parties shall promptly consult with each other to provide any necessary information with respect to
(and, in the case of correspondence, provide the other party copies of), all such Proceedings. If a Party receives a request for additional
information or documentary material or any similar demand from any person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
then such Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make, or cause to be made, promptly and after consultation with the other
Party, an appropriate response in compliance with such request. 

7.2.3. Notice
of Events . Until the Closing, each Party will give prompt notice to the other Party of (a) the occurrence, or non-occurrence,
of any event, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which would reasonably be expected to cause any representation or warranty of that
Party contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect; (b) any failure to comply with or satisfy
in any material respect any covenant or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by the Party under this Agreement; and, (c) the
failure of any condition precedent to the Party s obligations under this Agreement. No notification pursuant to this Section 7.2.3.
will be deemed to prevent or cure any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or breach of covenant, or limit or otherwise affect any rights
or remedies available to the impacted Party. 

9 

7.3 Ordinary
Course of Business . Buyer hereby covenants and agrees that, prior to the Closing, unless the prior written consent of Sellers
shall have been obtained, and except as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement, Buyer shall operate the ArcMail Business only in the
usual, regular, and Ordinary Course of Business and in accordance with its prior practices, and shall use its reasonable best efforts
to preserve intact the ArcMail Business. In connection therewith, prior to Closing, Buyer shall not (i) mortgage, pledge or otherwise
subject to any material lien or lease, any portion of the Purchased Assets in its possession, or permit or suffer any such property or
asset to be subjected to any material lien or lease; or, (ii) dispose of any portion of the Purchased Assets in its possession, except
in the Ordinary Course of Business consistent with its prior practice. 

7.4 Conditions
to the Obligation of Buyer . The obligation of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is subject
to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions (any of which may be waived by the Buyer, in
whole or in part): 

7.4.1. Accuracy
of Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of Sellers in this Agreement must have been true and correct
in all respects as of the Effective Date and must be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date. 

7.4.2. Performance
of Covenants . All of the covenants and obligations that Sellers are required to perform or comply with under this Agreement on
or before the Closing Date must have been duly performed and complied with in all respects. 

7.4.3. Consents .
All consents required by Sellers must have been obtained and must be in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods, if
any, shall have expired or been terminated. 

7.4.4. No
Proceedings . There must not have been commenced or threatened any Proceeding, that in any case could (i) prevent, make illegal
or restrain the consummation of, or otherwise materially alter, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or, (ii) cause
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be rescinded following consummation. 

7.4.5. No
Material Adverse Effect . Since the Effective Date there must not have been any Material Adverse Effect. 

7.4.6. Transaction
Documents . Sellers must have delivered or caused to be delivered each of the Transaction Documents they are required to deliver. 

7.4.7. Completion
of Dation . Seller shall have successfully completed the Dation, and own the Purchased Assets free and clear of all Encumbrances. 

7.5 Conditions
to the Obligation of Sellers . The obligation of Sellers to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is subject
to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions (any of which may be waived by the Seller, in
whole or in part): 

7.5.1. Accuracy
of Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of Buyer in this Agreement must have been true and correct
in all respects as of the Effective Date, and must be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date. 

10 

7.5.2. Performance
of Covenants . All of the covenants and obligations that Buyer is required to perform or comply with under this Agreement on or
before the Closing Date must have been duly performed and complied with in all material respects. 

7.5.3. Consents .
All consents required by Buyer must have been obtained and must be in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods, if any,
shall have expired or been terminated. 

7.5.4. No
Proceedings . There must not have been commenced or threatened any Proceeding, that in any case could (i) prevent, make illegal
or restrain the consummation of, or otherwise materially alter, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or, (ii) cause
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be rescinded following consummation. 

7.5.5. No
Material Adverse Effect . Since the Effective Date there must not have been any Material Adverse Effect. 

7.5.6. Transaction
Documents . Buyer must have delivered or caused to be delivered each of the Transaction Documents it is required to deliver. 

VIII 

 TERMINATION 

8.1 Termination
Events . This Agreement may, by written notice given before the Closing, be terminated by: 

(a) mutual
consent of all Parties; 

(b) Buyer
(so long as the Buyer is not then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in
this Agreement) if there has been a breach of any of Sellers representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in
this Agreement, and which breach has not been cured or cannot be cured within ten (10) days after the notice of the breach from Buyer; 

(c) Sellers
(so long as no Seller is then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this
Agreement) if there has been a breach of any of Buyer s representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this
Agreement, and which breach has not been cured or cannot be cured within ten (10) days after the notice of breach from any Seller; or 

(d) Buyer
if there has been a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.2 Effect
of Termination . Each Party s rights of termination under Section 8.1 are in addition to any other rights it may have
under this Agreement or otherwise, and the exercise of such rights of termination is not an election of remedies. If this Agreement is
terminated pursuant to Section 8.1, this Agreement and all rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement automatically
end without liability against any Party or its Affiliates, except that Article XII and this Section 8.2 will remain in full force
and survive any termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by a Party because of the breach of this Agreement by
the other Party or because one or more of the conditions to the terminating Party s obligations under this Agreement is not satisfied
as a result of the other Party s failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement, the terminating Party s right
to pursue all legal remedies will survive such termination unimpaired. 

11 

IX 

 CLOSING 

9.1 Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing will take place at the offices of Buyer
on the date as agreed upon by the Parties. The date on which the Closing actually occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the Closing
Date . 

9.2 Closing
Deliveries . 

9.2.1. By
Sellers . At the Closing, Sellers will deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer: 

(a) A
bill of sale in substantially the form of Exhibit 9.2.1.(a), attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference (the Bill
of Sale ), executed by Sellers; 

(b) Assignments
of all Purchased Intellectual Property in substantially the form of Exhibit 9.2.1.(b), attached hereto and incorporated herein (the IP
Assignments ), executed by Sellers; 

(c) Release
of the Purchased Assets from the Financing Statement in the form of Exhibit 9.2.1.(c), attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference
(the Termination Statement ); and 

(d) Such
other documents, instruments and agreements as Buyer reasonably requests for the purpose of consummating the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. 

9.2.2. By
Buyer . At the Closing, Buyer will deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers: 

(a) Executed
versions of the Transaction Documents which require Buyer s execution, including, without limitation, the Security Agreement; 

(b) A
new UCC-1 financing statement covering the Purchase Assets in substantially the form of Exhibit 9.2.2.(b), attached hereto and incorporated
herein by reference; and 

(c) Such
other documents, instruments and agreements as Sellers reasonably request for the purpose of consummating the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. 

X 

 POST-CLOSING
OBLIGATIONS AND AGREEMENTS 

10.1 Consents
and Filings; Reasonable Efforts; Notification . Buyer s counsel shall prepare and deliver to Sellers for its approval all
documents reasonably necessary to terminate Sellers original security interest and shall thereafter file such documents on Sellers 
prior written approval to do so. Buyer shall bear any expense incurred in dealing with any domestic or foreign government or regulatory
agency in transferring Debtor s right, title and interest in any of the Purchased Assets. 

10.2 Brokers .
Each Party represents and warrants that no broker or finder has acted for it in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby and that no broker or finder is entitled to any brokerage or finder s fee or other commission. Each Party agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless the other Parties hereto with respect to any claim for any brokerage or finder s fee or other commission. 

10.3 Tax
Matters . Buyer shall pay in a timely manner all applicable sales, use, transfer, conveyance, documentary, recording, notarial,
value added, excise, registration, stamp, gross receipts and similar Taxes and fees Transfer Taxes ), arising out
of or in connection with or attributable to the transactions effected pursuant to this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, including
expenses and fees relating to registering Purchased Intellectual Property in the name of Buyer or its designee. Buyer shall prepare and
timely file all Tax Returns required to be filed in respect of Transfer Taxes, provided that Sellers will be permitted to prepare and
file any such Tax Returns that are the primary responsibility of the Seller under applicable law. 

12 

10.4 Public
Announcements . Each Party agrees not to issue any press release or make any other public announcement relating to this Agreement
without the prior written approval of the other Party (with said approval not to be unreasonably withheld), except that each Party reserves
the right, without the other Party s prior consent, to make any public disclosure it believes in good faith is required by applicable
securities laws or securities listing standards (in which case the disclosing party agrees to use reasonable efforts to advise the other
Party prior to making such disclosure. Any other public announcement or similar publicity with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will be issued at such time and in such manner as Buyer determines after consultation with the Sellers 
Representative. Buyer and the Sellers Representative will consult with each other concerning the means by which the employees,
customers, suppliers and others having dealings with the ArcMail Business will be informed of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and Buyer has the right to be present for any such communication. 

10.5 Assistance
in Proceedings . From and after the Closing, at the reasonable request of Buyer and subject to customary confidentiality restrictions,
Sellers shall reasonably cooperate with Buyer and its counsel in the contest or defense of, and make reasonably available its personnel
and provide any testimony and reasonable access to its books and records, during normal business hours on at least three (3) business
days prior written notice; in connection with, any Proceeding involving or relating to (i) any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; or, (ii) any action, activity, circumstance, condition, conduct, event, fact, failure to act, incident, occurrence,
plan, practice, situation, status or transaction on or before the Closing Date involving the ArcMail Business; provided, that Buyer shall
reimburse Sellers for all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in connection therewith. 

10.6 Further
Assurances . Each Party agrees (i) to furnish upon request to each other Party such further information; (ii) to execute and deliver
to each other Party such other documents; and, (iii) to do such other acts and things, all as another Party may reasonably request for
the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement and the transactions envisioned hereunder. However , this provision shall
not require that any additional representations or warranties be made and no Party shall be required to incur any material expense or
potential exposure to legal liability pursuant to this Section 10.6. In furtherance of the foregoing, from and after the Closing Date,
in the event that Debtor retains, owns, or has any interest in any assets which are used by (or reasonably expected to be used) and required
for the ArcMail Business, the Parties will work together in good faith to transfer such assets (or interests therein) in a manner consistent
with the terms of this Agreement or take such other commercially reasonable action as is necessary to effect this Agreement. 

XI 

 INDEMNIFICATION 

11.1 Indemnification
by Sellers . NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY ANYWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, EXCEPT
AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE XI, SELLERS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO BUYER FOR ANY INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION. Subject to this
limitation and as expressly set forth in Section 11.6, below, Sellers will jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless Buyer
and its respective directors, officers, equity owners, employees, agents, consultants and other advisors and representatives (collectively,
the Buyer Indemnified Parties from and against, and will pay to the Buyer Indemnified Parties the monetary value
of, any and all Losses incurred or suffered by the Buyer Indemnified Parties directly or indirectly arising out of, relating to or resulting
from any of the following: 

(a) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty of Sellers contained in this Agreement or any Transaction Document; 

(b) any
nonfulfillment, nonperformance or other breach of any covenant or agreement of Sellers contained in this Agreement or any Transaction
Document; 

13 

(c) any
Excluded Liability and any other Liability, whether arising before or after the Closing, arising from or relating to the ownership or
operation of the ArcMail Business or the Purchased Assets before the Closing that is not an Assumed Liability; 

(d) any
liability or loss arising from the termination of this Agreement by either Party (other than through the failure of Buyer to comply fully
with its obligations under this Agreement); and 

(e) any
Proceedings, demands or assessments incidental to any of the matters set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. 

11.2 Indemnification
by the Buyer . Subject to the limitations expressly set forth in Section 11.6, below, Buyer will indemnify and hold harmless
Sellers and their respective directors, officers, equity owners, employees, agents, consultants and other advisors and representatives
(collectively, the Seller Indemnified Parties from and against, and will pay to the Seller Indemnified Parties
the monetary value of, any and all Losses incurred or suffered by the Seller Indemnified Parties directly or indirectly arising out of,
relating to or resulting from any of the following: 

(a) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty of Buyer contained in this Agreement or any Transaction Document; 

(b) any
nonfulfillment, nonperformance or other breach of any covenant or agreement of Buyer contained in this Agreement or any Transaction Document; 

(c) any
Assumed Liability and any other Liability arising from or relating to the ownership or operation of the ArcMail Business or the Purchased
Assets after the Closing that is not an Excluded Liability; and, 

(d) any
Proceedings, demands or assessments incidental to any of the matters set forth in clauses (a) through (c) above. 

11.3 Claim
Procedure . A Party that seeks indemnity under this Article XI (an Indemnified Party will give written notice
(a Claim Notice to the Party from whom indemnification is sought (an Indemnifying Party containing
(i) a description and, if known, the estimated amount of any Losses incurred or reasonably expected to be incurred by the Indemnified
Party; (ii) a reasonable explanation of the basis for the Claim Notice to the extent of the facts then known by the Indemnified
Party; and, (iii) a demand for payment of those Losses. 

(a) Within
thirty (30) days after delivery of a Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party will deliver to the Indemnified Party a written response in
which the Indemnifying Party will either: 

(i) agree
that the Indemnified Party is entitled to receive all of the Losses at issue in the Claim Notice; or 

(ii) dispute
the Indemnified Party s entitlement to indemnification by delivering to the Indemnified Party a written notice (an Objection
Notice setting forth in reasonable detail each disputed item, the basis for each such disputed item and certifying that all
such disputed items are being disputed in good faith. 

(b) If
the Indemnifying Party fails to take either of the foregoing actions within thirty (30) days after delivery of the Claim Notice, then
the Indemnifying Party will be deemed to have irrevocably accepted the Claim Notice and the Indemnifying Party will be deemed to have
irrevocably agreed to pay the Losses at issue in the Claim Notice. 

14 

(c) If
the Indemnifying Party delivers an Objection Notice to the Indemnified Party within thirty (30) days after delivery of the Claim Notice,
then the dispute may be resolved by any legally available means consistent with the provisions of this Agreement. 

(d) Any
indemnification pursuant to this Article XI will be effected by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
by the Indemnified Party. 

(e) The
foregoing indemnification payments and transfers will be made within five (5) business days after the date on which (i) the amount
of such payments are determined by mutual agreement of the Parties; (ii) the amount of such payments are determined pursuant to
Section 11.3(b) if an Objection Notice has not been timely delivered in accordance with Section 11.3(a); or, (iii) both
such amount and the Indemnifying Party s obligation to pay such amount have been finally determined by a final judgment of a court
having jurisdiction over such proceeding (the Final Determination if an Objection Notice has been timely delivered
in accordance with Section 11.3(b). 

11.4 Third
Party Claims . 

(a) Without
limiting the general application of the other provisions of this Article XI, if another Person not a party to this Agreement alleges
facts that, if true, would mean that a Party has breached its representations and warranties in this Agreement, the Party for whose benefit
the representations and warranties are made will be entitled to indemnity for those allegations and demands and related Losses under
and pursuant to this Article XI. If the Indemnified Party seeks indemnity under this Article XI in respect of, arising out of or involving
a claim or demand, whether or not involving a Proceeding, by another Person not a party to this Agreement (a Third Party Claim ),
then the Indemnified Party will include in the Claim Notice (i) notice of the commencement or threat of any Proceeding relating
to such Third Party Claim within thirty (30) days after the Indemnified Party has received written notice of the commencement or threat
of the Third Party Claim; and, (ii) the facts constituting the basis for such Third Party Claim and the amount of the damages claimed
by the other Person, in each case to the extent known to the Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no delay or deficiency
on the part of the Indemnified Party in so notifying the Indemnifying Party will relieve the Indemnifying Party of any Liability or obligation
under this Agreement except to the extent the Indemnifying Party has been materially prejudiced by the delay or other deficiency. 

(b) Within
thirty (30) days after the Indemnified Party s delivery of a Claim Notice under this Section 11.4, the Indemnifying Party
may assume control of the defense of such Third Party Claim by giving to the Indemnified Party written notice of the intention to assume
such defense, but if and only if the Indemnifying Party further: 

(i) acknowledges
in writing to the Indemnified Party that any Losses that may be assessed in connection with the Third Party Claim constitute Losses for
which the Indemnified Party will be indemnified pursuant to this Article XI without contest or objection and that the Indemnifying Party
will advance all expenses and costs of defense; and 

(ii) retains
counsel for the defense of the Third Party Claim reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and furnishes to the Indemnified Party
evidence satisfactory to the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party has and will have sufficient financial resources to fund on
a current basis the cost of such defense and pay all Losses that may arise under the Third Party Claim. 

(c) However,
if Sellers are the Indemnifying Party, in no event may the Indemnifying Party assume, maintain control of, or participate in, the defense
of any Third Party Claim (A) involving criminal liability; (B) in which any relief other than monetary damages is sought against
the Indemnified Party; or, (C) in which the outcome of any judgment or settlement in the matter could reasonably be expected to
materially adversely affect the Indemnified Party s tax liability or the ability of the Indemnified Party to conduct its business.
An Indemnifying Party will lose any previously acquired right to control the defense of any Third Party Claim if for any reason the Indemnifying
Party ceases to actively, competently and diligently conduct the defense. 

15 

(d) If
the Indemnifying Party does not, or is not able to, assume or maintain control of the defense of a Third Party Claim in compliance with
Section 11.4(b), the Indemnified Party will have the right to control the defense of the Third Party Claim. For avoidance of doubt,
it is expressly understood that Sellers have no obligation whatsoever to assume, control or otherwise defend a Third Party Claim. If
the Indemnified Party controls the defense of the Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party agrees to pay to the Indemnified Party all
reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses of defending the Third Party Claim promptly upon the determination that
the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Agreement to be satisfied solely to the
extent set forth in Section 11.6 below. To the extent that the Third Party Claim does not constitute a claim under this Section
11.4, the Party not controlling the defense (the Noncontrolling Party may participate therein at its own expense.
However, if the Indemnifying Party assumes control of such defense as permitted above and the Indemnified Party reasonably concludes
that the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party have conflicting interests or different defenses available with respect to the
Third Party Claim, then the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Party will be considered and included as Losses 
for purposes of this Agreement. The party controlling the defense (the Controlling Party will reasonably advise
the Noncontrolling Party of the status of the Third Party Claim and the defense thereof and, with respect to any Third Party Claim that
does not relate to a Special Claim, the Controlling Party will consider in good faith recommendations made by the Noncontrolling Party.
The Noncontrolling Party will furnish the Controlling Party with such information as it may have with respect to such Third Party Claim
and related Proceedings (including copies of any summons, complaint or other pleading which may have been served on such party and any
written claim, demand, invoice, billing or other document evidencing or asserting the same) and will otherwise cooperate with and assist
in the defense of the Third Party Claim. 

(e) The
Indemnifying Party will not agree to any settlement of, or consent to the entry of any Judgment (other than a Judgment of dismissal on
the merits) arising from, any such Third Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed; provided , however , that the consent of the Indemnified Party will not be required if the
Indemnifying Party agrees in writing to pay any amounts payable pursuant to such settlement or any judgment and such settlement or judgment
includes a full, complete and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from further Liability. The Indemnified Party will not agree
to any settlement of, or the entry of any Judgment (other than a Judgment of dismissal on the merits) arising from, any such Third Party
Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

(f) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 3.3.7., the Parties consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any court in which a Proceeding is brought
by another person against any Indemnified Party for purposes of any claim that an Indemnified Party may have under this Agreement with
respect to the Proceeding or the matters alleged therein. 

11.5 Survival . 

(a) All
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any Transaction Document will survive the Closing until the second anniversary
of the Closing Date. 

(b) All
claims for indemnification under this Article XI must be asserted prior to the expiration of the survival period set forth in Section 11.5(a); provided , however ,
that if an Indemnified Party delivers to an Indemnifying Party, before expiration of the applicable survival period of a representation
or warranty as set forth in Section 11.5(a), either a Claim Notice based upon a breach of any such representation or warranty, or
a notice that, as a result of a claim or demand made by a Person not a party to this Agreement, the Indemnified Party reasonably expects
to incur Losses, then the applicable representation or warranty will survive until, but only for purposes of, the resolution of the matter
covered by such notice. If the claim with respect to which such notice has been given is definitively withdrawn or resolved in favor
of the Indemnified Party, the Indemnified Party will promptly so notify the Indemnifying Party. 

16 

11.6 Limitations
on Liability . 

(a) Neither
Sellers nor Buyer is liable under this Article XI unless and until the aggregate Losses for which they, respectively, would otherwise
be liable under this Agreement exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars 50,000), at which point Sellers or Buyer, as applicable, is liable for
the aggregate Losses and not just amounts in excess of that sum; provided , however , that (subject to Section 11.6(b))
the maximum aggregate amount of all Losses for which Seller is obligated to indemnify the Buyer Indemnified Parties pursuant to this
Article XI shall not exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000.00), referred to herein as the Indemnification Cap . 

(b) Nothing
in this Agreement will limit the Liability of a Party to the other Party for fraud or willful misconduct by such Party. 

(c) In
no event will any Party be liable under this Agreement to any other Party or other Person for special, incidental, punitive or consequential
damages (including lost profits) in connection with any claims, losses, damages or injuries arising out of the conduct of such party
pursuant to this Agreement regardless of whether the nonperforming party was advised of the possibility of such damages or not. The exclusion
of special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages as set forth in the preceding sentence will not apply to any such damages recovered
by third parties against a Buyer Indemnified Party or a Seller Indemnified Party, as the case may be, in connection with Losses that
may be indemnified under this Agreement. 

(d) This
Article XI shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of the Buyer Indemnified Parties and the Seller Indemnified Parties for monetary damages
with respect to any and all claims relating to this Agreement, any Transaction Document, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any Transaction Document. 

XII 

 ADDITIONAL
PROVISIONS 

12.1 Executed
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature
is delivered by Fax or E-Mail, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of that Party (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as an original thereof. Any photographic, photocopy, or similar reproduction copy of this
Agreement, with all signatures reproduced on one or more sets of signature pages, shall be considered for all purposes as if it were
an executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

12.2 Enforcement .
 The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, it is agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to seek
an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The remedies of the Parties under this Agreement
are cumulative and shall not exclude any other remedies to which any person may be lawfully entitled. 

12.3 Waiver .
No failure by any Party to insist on the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement or to exercise
any right or remedy on a breach shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or of any other covenant, duty, agreement, or condition. 

12.4 Recovery
of Fees by Prevailing Party . In the event of any legal action (including arbitration) to enforce or interpret this Agreement,
the non-prevailing Party shall pay the reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses (including expert witness fees)
of the prevailing Party in such amount as the may be determined. In addition, such non-prevailing Party shall pay reasonable attorneys 
fees incurred by the prevailing Party in enforcing, or on appeal from, a judgment in favor of the prevailing Party. The preceding sentence
is intended by the Parties to be severable from the other provisions of this Agreement and to survive and not be merged into such judgment. 

17 

12.5 Recitals .
The facts recited in Article II, above, are hereby conclusively presumed to be true as between and affecting the Parties. 

12.6 Amendment .
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by all Parties. 

12.7 No
Third Party Beneficiaries . There is no intent by either Party to create or establish a third party beneficiary to this Agreement,
and no such third party shall have any right to enforce any right, claim, or cause of action created or established under this Agreement. 

12.8 Consents,
Approvals, and Discretion . Except as herein expressly provided to the contrary, whenever this Agreement requires consent or approval
to be given by a Party, or a Party must or may exercise discretion, the Parties agree that such consent or approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned, or delayed, and such discretion shall be reasonably exercised. Except as otherwise provided herein, if no response
to a consent or request for approval is provided within ten (10) days from the receipt of the request, then the consent or approval shall
be presumed to have been given. 

12.9 Notices .

12.9.1. Method
and Delivery . All notices, requests and demands hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by hand, by Electronic Transmission,
by mail, or by recognized commercial over-night delivery service (such as Federal Express or UPS), and shall be deemed given (a) if by
hand delivery, upon such delivery; (b) if by Electronic Transmission, twenty-four (24) hours after transmission; (c) if by mail, forty-eight
(48) hours after deposit in the United States mail, first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid; or, (d) if by recognized
commercial over-night delivery service, upon such delivery. 

12.9.2. Consent
to Electronic Transmission . Each Party hereby expressly consents to the use of Electronic Transmission for communications and
notices under this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Electronic Transmission means a communication (i) delivered
by Fax or E-Mail when directed to the Fax number or E-Mail address, respectively, for that recipient on record with the sending Party;
and, (ii) that creates a record that is capable of retention, retrieval, and review, and that may thereafter be rendered into clearly
legible tangible form. 

12.9.3. Address
Changes . Any Party may alter the Fax number, E-Mail address, physical address, or postage address to which communications or
copies are to be sent by giving notice of such change of address to the other Parties in accordance with the provisions of this Section
12.9. 

12.10 Disputes .
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTER CLAIM BROUGHT BY ANY OF THEM AGAINST THE OTHER ARISING OUT
OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE ADMINISTRATION THEREOF
OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN. 

12.11 Best
Efforts . Each Party shall cooperate in good faith with the other Parties generally, and in particular, the Parties shall use
and exercise their best efforts, taking all reasonable, ordinary and necessary measures to ensure an orderly and smooth relationship
under this Agreement, and further agree to work together and negotiate in good faith to resolve any differences or problems which may
arise in the future. However , the obligations under this Section 12.11 shall not include any obligation to incur substantial expense
or liability. 

18 

XIII 

 EXECUTION 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Agreement has been duly executed by the Parties in, and shall be effective as of and on the Effective Date.
Each of the undersigned Parties hereby represents and warrants that it (i) has the requisite power and authority to enter into and carry
out the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as all transactions contemplated hereunder; and, (ii) it is duly authorized and
empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement. 

[SIGNATURES
BEGIN ON NEXT PAGE] 

BUYER : 

DATA443
 RISK MITIGATION, INC., 

a
 North Carolina corporation 

BY: 

Jason
 Remillard 

TITLE:
 
 President 

DATED:

NOTEHOLDERS : 

HFST,
 L.L.C. 
 
 SOMMS,
 L.L.C. 

By: 

By: 

Manager 

Howard
 F. Sklar 
 
 Its: 
 Trustee 
 
 Its:
 
 Manager 

2020
 NOTEHOLDERS, LLC 

By: 

Ross
 P. Barrett 

Its: 
 Manager 

19 

EXHIBIT
I 

 NOTEHOLDERS 

Noteholder Name and Address: 
 Original Principal Amount: 

HFST, L.L.C. 
 861,333.00 

SOMMS, L.L.C. 
 124,366.00 

2020 Noteholders, LLC 
 2,133,302 

20 

EXHIBIT
4.1 

 PURCHASED
ASSETS 

Any
and all assets reasonably related to the ArcMail Business, including, without limitation: 

(a)
All such assets already in the possession of Buyer other than the BriteForce Assets; 

(b)
All customers and clients of the ArcMail Business, other than the BriteForce clients; 

(c)
All Intellectual Property, except the BriteForce Assets; and 

(d)
All other intangible rights, including all goodwill associated with the ArcMail Business or the Purchased Assets, except the
BriteForce Assets; 

21 

EXHIBIT
4.5(a), (b), (c) 

 PROMISSORY
NOTES 

[see
attached] 

22 

EXHIBIT
4.6 

 SECURITY
AGREEMENT 

[see
attached] 

23 

EXHIBIT
9.2.1.(a) 

 BILL
OF SALE 

[see
attached] 

24 

EXHIBIT
9.2.1.(b) 

 IP
ASSIGNMENTS 

[see
attached] 

25 

EXHIBIT
9.2.1.(c) 

 TERMINATION
STATEMENT 

[see
attached] 

26 

EXHIBIT
9.2.2.(b) 

 NEW
FINANCING STATEMENT 

[see
attached] 

27 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 9
 ex10-33.htm

Exhibit
10.33 

BILL
OF SALE 

THIS
BILL OF SALE (this Bill of Sale ), effective as of January 31, 2021, is made by and between 2020 Noteholders,
LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, HFST, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company, and SOMMS, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited
liability company (collectively, Sellers ), and DATA443 Risk Mitigation, Inc., a North Carolina corporation Buyer ). 

A.
Buyer and Sellers have entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2021, by and among Buyer and Sellers
(the Purchase Agreement ), for the sale by Sellers to Buyer of the Purchased Assets. 

B.
The execution and delivery of this Bill of Sale by Buyer and Sellers is contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1.
 Conveyance . Sellers hereby sell, assign, grant, convey and transfer to Buyer all of Sellers right, title and interest in
and to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of any and all Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

2.
 Purchase Agreement . The terms of the Purchase Agreement, including without limitation the representations, warranties, covenants
and indemnities relating to the Purchased Assets are incorporated herein by reference. The intent of this Bill of Sale is to give further
effect to the Purchase Agreement and, as such, nothing contained in this Bill of Sale shall be deemed to supersede, modify, limit or
amend any of the rights, duties or obligations of Sellers or Buyer under the Purchase Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency
between this Bill of Sale and the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall control. 

3.
 Further Assurances . Each of the parties hereto will perform such further acts and execute, acknowledge and deliver such further
documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances as such other party reasonably requests to carry out the provisions hereof and give
effect to the transactions contemplated hereby. 

4.
 Capitalized Terms . Unless otherwise defined in this Bill of Sale, all capitalized terms have the meaning ascribed to such terms
in the Purchase Agreement. 

5.
 Successors and Assigns . This Bill of Sale shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. 

6.
 Governing Law . This Bill of Sale shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the internal law of the State of North
Carolina without regard to conflict of law principles that would require the application of any other law. 

7.
 Counterparts . This Bill of Sale may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The delivery by or on behalf of any party of its signature to this
Bill of Sale by facsimile transmission, electronic mail or similar means shall for all purposes be the equivalent of the delivery of
the original signature of such party. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Agreement has been duly executed by the Parties in, and shall be effective as of and on the Effective Date.
Each of the undersigned Parties hereby represents and warrants that it (i) has the requisite power and authority to enter into and carry
out the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as all transactions contemplated hereunder; and, (ii) it is duly authorized and
empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement. 

BUYER : 

DATA443
 RISK MITIGATION, INC., 

a
 North Carolina corporation 

BY: 

Jason
 Remillard 

Its: 
 President 

SELLERS : 

HFST,
 L.L.C. 
 
 SOMMS,
 L.L.C. 

By: 

By: 

Manager 

Howard
 F. Sklar 
 
 Its: 
 Trustee 
 
 Its: 
 Manager 

2020
 NOTEHOLDERS, LLC 

By: 

Ross
 P. Barrett 

Its: 
 Manager 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 10
 ex10-34.htm

Exhibit
10.34 

I.P.
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

THIS
I.P. ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (the Agreement is dated and effective as of the 31st day of January
2021 (the Effective Date and is entered into by and between 2020 NOTEHOLDERS2020 NOTEHOLDERS, LLC, a Louisiana
limited liability company 2020 NOTEHOLDERS ); and, DATA443 RISK MITIGATION, INC., a North Carolina corporation Data443 ),
each a Party , and collectively the Parties . 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Asset Sale Agreement by and between Data443 and the parties identified therein as the Sellers (the Sale Agreement ),
2020 NOTEHOLDERS has agreed to assign to Data443 all of the intellectual property rights owned by 2020 NOTEHOLDERS relating to the business
segment referred to as ArcMail (collectively, the ArcMail I.P. Rights ), which include, without limitation,
all right, title, and interest in and to the trademarks listed on the Execution Page to this Agreement (the Trademarks ),
together with the goodwill of 2020 Noteholders connected with and symbolized by the ArcMail I.P. Rights and the Trademarks; and 

WHEREAS,
the Effective Date hereunder is the same date of the Closing Date under the Sale Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. 2020
NOTEHOLDERS hereby sells, assigns, transfers, conveys, and delivers to Data443, its successors and assigns, all of its right, title and
interest in and to the ArcMail I.P. Rights, together with the Trademarks and the goodwill of 2020 NOTEHOLDERS connected with and symbolized
by the ArcMail I.P Rights and the Trademarks (including, without limitation, the right to renew any registrations included in the Trademarks;
the right to apply for trademark registrations within or outside the United States based in whole or in part upon the Trademarks: the
right to bring an action for any and all past infringements of the rights being assigned and the right to collect and retain any proceeds
therefrom; and, any priority right that may arise from the Trademarks), the same to be held and enjoyed by Data443 as fully and entirely
as said interest could have been held and enjoyed by 2020 NOTEHOLDERS had this sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, and deliverance
not been made. 

2. At
and from time-to-time following the Effective Date, 2020 NOTEHOLDERS agrees to (i) execute and deliver to Data443 such other documents;
and, (ii) do such other acts and things, all as Data443 may reasonably request, for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement
and the transactions envisioned hereunder. 

3. Each
Party agrees to cooperate in good faith with the other Party, generally, and in particular, each Party shall use and exercise its best
efforts, taking all reasonable, ordinary and necessary measures to resolve any differences or problems which may arise in the future. 

4. This
Agreement may be executed by the Parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Each counterpart may be delivered by facsimile
transmission or electronic transmission (E-Mail), which transmission shall be deemed to be delivery of an originally executed document. 

5. This
Agreement shall be governed, including as to validity, interpretation, and effect, by, and construed in accordance with, the internal
laws of the State of North Carolina applicable to agreements made and fully performed within the State of North Carolina. 

Page 1 of 3 I.P. Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Agreement has been duly executed by the Parties in Wake County, North Carolina, and shall be effective as of
and on the Effective Date. Each Party hereby represents and warrants that it (i) has the requisite power and authority to enter into
and carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as all transactions contemplated hereunder; and, (ii) it is duly authorized
and empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement. 

[Execution
Page Follows] 

 [Execution
Page to I.P. Assignment and Assumption Agreement] 

2020
 NOTEHOLDERS : 
 
 DATA443 : 

2020
 NOTEHOLDERS, INC., 
 
 DATA443
 RISK MITIGATION, INC., 
 
 a
 Louisiana corporation 
 
 a
 North Carolina corporation 

BY:

BY: 

NAME:
 
 Rory
 Welch 
 NAME: 
 Jason
 Remillard 

TITLE:
 
 President 
 TITLE: 
 President 

DATED:

DATED: 

TRADEMARKS 

Mark 
 
 Goods/Services 
 
 Application
 Serial Number 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 
 Applicant 
 
 Registration
 Date 
 
 ARCMAIL 
 
 Class
 9; 42; 45 
 
 86831604 
 
 5025732 
 
 WALA,
 Inc. 
 
 08-23-2016 

Page 2 of 3 I.P. Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

NOTARY/ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 

STATE
 OF LOUISIANA 

ss 
 
 PARISHC
 OF CADDO 

I,
Richard D. Lamb, III, Notary Public, certify that Ross P. Barrett personally came before me this day and acknowledged that he
is Manager of 2020 Noteholders2020 Noteholders, LLC, a State of Louisiana limited liability company, and that by authority duly
given and as the act of the corporation, the foregoing instrument was signed in its name by its President sealed with its
corporate seal, and attested by himself as its President. 

Witness
my hand and official seal, this the January ____, 2021 

_________________________________ 

 Print
Name: ______________________ 

 NOTARY
PUBLIC 

 My
commission expires: _________________. 

[Seal] 

STATE
 OF ________________ 

ss 
 
 COUNTY
 OF _____________ 

I,___________________________,
Notary Public, certify that Jason Remillard personally came before me this day
and acknowledged that he is President of Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc., a State
of North Carolina corporation, and that by authority duly given and as the act of the corporation, the foregoing
instrument was signed in its name by its President sealed with its corporate seal, and attested by himself as
its President. 

Witness
my hand and official seal, this the January ____, 2021 

_________________________________ 

 Print
Name: ______________________ 

 NOTARY
PUBLIC 

 My
commission expires: _________________. 

[Seal] 

Page 3 of 3 I.P. Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 11
 ex10-35.htm

Exhibit
10.35 

SECURITY
AGREEMENT 

DATA443
RISK MITIGATION, INC., 

 AS
THE DEBTOR 

January
31, 2021 

SECURITY
AGREEMENT 

I 

 PARTIES 

THIS
SECURITY AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into effective as of the 31st day of January 2021 (the Effective
Date ), by and between DATA443 RISK MITIGATION, INC., a North Carolina corporation Debtor ); and ,
each and all of those persons identified on Exhibit I, attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, and collectively referred
to herein as the Secured Party . Debtor and Secured Party are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the Parties ,
and each individually as a Party . 

II 

 RECITALS 

A.
 Debtor and Secured Party have concurrently entered into that certain Asset Sale Agreement (the Sale Agreement ).
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings attached to them as in the Sale Agreement. 

B.
 Pursuant to the Sale Agreement, Debtor acquired the Purchased Assets in exchange for adequate and valid consideration, including
the Purchase Price, a part of which consisted of three promissory notes in the form attached to the Sale Agreement as Exhibits 4.5(a),
(b), and (c), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit II-B (the Notes ). 

C.
 This Agreement is the Security Agreement referred to in Section 1.8 in each of the Notes, and is subject to all terms
and conditions of the Notes which are not expressly inconsistent with the terms and conditions hereof. 

D.
 It is a condition precedent to the closing of the transactions contemplated under the Sale Agreement and the Note that Debtor execute
and deliver this Agreement. 

E.
 Debtor desires to grant Secured Party a continuing security interest in the Collateral to secure Debtor s performance under
the Sale Agreement, the Notes, and this Agreement (collectively, the Sales Documents ). 

F.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

III 

 CREATION
OF SECURITY INTEREST 

3.1
 Grant . Debtor hereby grants to Secured Party a present and continuing security interest (the Security Interest in those assets of Debtor specifically referenced and described in Exhibit 3.1, attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference
(the Collateral ). The Collateral shall specifically be limited to the following: 

(a)
Each, every, and all of the assets described on Exhibit 3.1, and all replacements, substitutions, accessions, additions, and improvements
thereto; and 

(b)
All proceeds of the Collateral, including but not limited to all accounts, instruments, contract rights, chattel paper, notes, general
intangibles, goods, equipment, inventory, deposit accounts, money, and other tangible and intangible property of Debtor resulting from
the sale or other disposition of the Collateral or the proceeds thereof, together with all proceeds of insurance relating thereto. 

1 

3.2
 Obligations Secured . The Security Interest is granted to secure the timely payment and performance of Debtor s obligations
under the Sales Documents (collectively, the Obligations ), which Obligations include without limitation payment
and performance of Debtor s obligations under the Notes, and payment and performance of Debtor s obligations under this Agreement. 

IV 

 DEBTOR S
RETAINED RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND REPRESENTATIONS 

4.1
 Debtor s Treatment of Collateral . Debtor warrants, represents, and covenants to Secured Party that so long as any
portion of any of the Notes remain outstanding and Secured Party does not consent in writing to the contrary: 

(a)
Debtor will defend title to the Collateral and the Security Interest of Secured Party therein against the claims and demands of all persons; 

(b)
Debtor will, at Debtor s own cost and expense, keep the Collateral in a good state of repair, and maintain the Collateral in the
ordinary course of business of the Debtor; 

(c)
Debtor will not waste, destroy, misuse, abuse, or illegally use the Collateral, or any part thereof, and will not be negligent in the
care thereof; 

(d)
Debtor will keep the Collateral free and clear of all attachments, levies, taxes, liens, purchase money and other security interests,
charges and all other encumbrances of every kind and nature (other than liens for taxes not yet due and payable), except as may be required
to acquire inventory, supplies and/or replacement equipment; 

(e)
Debtor will not sell, assign, transfer, lease, exchange, hypothecate or in any way allow or suffer the Collateral, or any part thereof
or any right or interest therein, to be transferred or come into the possession of any other person or removed from the Premises, other
than (i) in the ordinary course of business of Debtor, or (ii) if relocated to any other facility which is owned or operated by Debtor
or any of its affiliates; 

(f)
Debtor will keep the Collateral insured in accordance with present practice; 

(g)
Debtor will, at Debtor s own cost and expense, pay prior to delinquency all taxes or other charges levied against or otherwise
respecting the Collateral; 

(h)
Debtor will, when requested by Secured Party, execute any and all written instruments and documents, and, at Debtor s sole cost
and expense, do any other acts necessary to effectuate the purposes and provisions of this Agreement, including but not limited to executing
a Form UCC-1 covering the Collateral; and 

(i)
Debtor shall not be released from this Agreement because of the loss, injury, or destruction of the Collateral. 

4.2
 Encumbrances and the Like . Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, Debtor shall take all reasonably
ordinary and necessary measures to ensure that the Debtor does not create or suffer to exist any lien, security interest or other encumbrance
or the like after the date of this Agreement in respect to the Collateral, except for (i) liens and taxes not yet due and payable; (ii)
those incurred in the ordinary course and scope of its business; and, (iii) those issued in favor of Debtor s primary lender. 

4.3
 Retained Rights . Until an Event of Default hereunder, Debtor shall be entitled to retain possession and enjoy the use of
the Collateral, subject to the provisions of Section 4.1, hereof. 

2 

4.4
 Change of Address . Debtor will immediately notify Secured Party of any change in Debtor s address. 

4.5
 Express Waivers . Debtor hereby expressly waives: 

(a)
Diligence, presentment, protest, demand, and notice of every kind, except as required under the Sales Documents; 

(b)
The right, if any, to require Secured Party to proceed against any person liable for the payment of any of the Obligations of Debtor
as a condition or prior to proceeding under this Agreement; and 

(c)
The right, if any, to require Secured Party to foreclose upon, sell or otherwise realize upon, collect or apply any other property, real
or personal, securing any of the Obligations of Debtor as a condition or prior to proceeding hereunder. 

4.6
 Insurance . Debtor, at Debtor s sole cost and expense, shall keep the Collateral insured against loss or damage by
fire, theft, explosion, sprinklers, and all other hazards and risks ordinarily insured against by owners of similar properties in similar
businesses for the full insurable value thereof, and shall maintain business interruption insurance and public liability and property
damage insurance relating to Debtor s ownership and use of Debtor s other assets. Debtor shall deliver to Secured Party certified
copies of all required policies of insurance and, at the request of Secured Party, evidence of the payment of all premiums therefore.
To further secure the payment of Debtor s Obligations, Debtor grants Secured Party a security interest in and to all required policies
of insurance (except those of public liability and property damage) and the proceeds thereof covering the Collateral. 

4.7
 Representations and Warranties Concerning the Business of Debtor . With regard to the business of Debtor, Debtor hereby
represents and warrants to Secured Party as follows: 

4.7.1.
 Organization . Debtor is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State
of North Carolina, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted. Debtor is not violation or default of any of the provisions of its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or other organizational
or charter documents. Debtor is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a
material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of the Sales Documents; (ii) a material adverse effect on the results
of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of Debtor, taken as a whole; or, (iii) a material adverse
effect on the ability of Debtor to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any of the Sales Documents
(any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting, or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit, or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 

4.7.2.
 Execution and Performance of Agreement . Debtor has the requisite right, corporate power, authority, and capacity to enter
into, execute, deliver, perform, and carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (i) each of the Sales Documents; and, (ii)
all other instruments and agreements executed and delivered by Debtor in connection with this Agreement, as well as all transactions
contemplated hereunder. All requisite corporate proceedings have been taken and Debtor has obtained all approvals, consents, and authorizations
necessary to authorize the execution, delivery, and performance by Debtor of this Agreement, and each of the Sales Documents to which
it is a party. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Debtor and constitutes the valid, binding, and enforceable
obligation of Debtor, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditor s rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

3 

4.7.3.
 Effect of Agreement . As of the Effective Date the consummation by Debtor of the transactions herein contemplated, including
the execution, delivery and consummation of this Agreement and the Sales Documents to which it is a party, will not: 

(a)
Violate any judgment, statute, law, code, act, order, writ, rule, ordinance, regulation, governmental consent or governmental requirement,
or determination or decree of any arbitrator, court, or other governmental agency or administrative body, which now or at any time hereafter
may be applicable to and enforceable against the relevant party, work, or activity in question or any part thereof applicable to or binding
upon Debtor or any of its assets; 

(b)
Violate (i) the terms of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Debtor; or, (ii) any material agreement, contract, mortgage, indenture,
bond, bill, note, or other material instrument or writing binding upon Debtor or to which Debtor is subject; 

(c)
Accelerate or constitute an event entitling the holder of any indebtedness of Debtor to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness
or to increase the rate of interest presently in effect with respect to such indebtedness; or 

(d)
Result in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a
default under, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any part of the assets of Debtor
or any other assets of Debtor under any agreement, commitment, contract (written or oral) or other instrument to which Debtor is a party,
or by which any of its assets (or any part thereof) is bound or affected. 

4.7.4.
 Consents . No consents, approvals or other authorizations or notices, other than those which have been obtained and are
in full force and effect, are required by any state or federal regulatory authority or other person or entity in connection with the
execution and delivery of the Sales Documents and the performance of any obligations contemplated thereby. 

V 

 RIGHTS
OF SECURED PARTY 

Secured
Party may, jointly or severally, at the discretion of each Secured Party, from time to time, and without notice to Debtor except as otherwise
required hereunder, and without affecting the obligations of Debtor: 

(a)
pay, purchase, contest, compromise or discharge any attachments, levies, taxes, claims, debts, liens, charges, security interests, or
encumbrances which, in Secured Party s judgment, may affect or appear to affect the Collateral or Secured Party s rights
under this Agreement; 

(b)
pay for the maintenance and preservation of the Collateral, with all amounts advanced by Secured Party under this Article V, together
with all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, shall be repaid by Debtor, together with interest at one percent (1 per month; 

(c)
release, renew, extend, or alter the time or terms of payment of any Obligation; 

(d)
release, surrender, or substitute any property or other security; 

(e)
accept any type of further security therefore; 

(f)
demand that Debtor shall, and Debtor shall act to, at the sole expense of Debtor, promptly execute and deliver any and all such further
instruments and documents and take such further action as Secured Party Debtor may reasonably deem necessary to obtain the full benefits
of the rights and powers herein granted; 

4 

(g)
take all action as Secured Party may reasonably deem necessary to obtain the full benefits of the rights and powers herein granted, including
but not limited to filing any financing or continuation statements under the UCC or any federal law with respect to the Security Interest
granted hereby, executing and filing any mortgage or other agreement, paying any necessary filing fees or taxes, executing any additional
agreement, granting any proxy or power, giving any notice, or otherwise; and 

(h)
file financing statements and continuation statements without the signature of or other authentication by Debtor to the extent permitted
by applicable law. 

VI 

 DEFAULT
AND ACCELERATION 

6.1
 Event of Default . An Event of Default hereunder shall include the following: 

(a)
Default by Debtor in the payment or performance of any of the Obligations, which default is not cured within the cure period and in compliance
with any other cure requirements, as provided in the Sales Documents underlying the Obligation in default; or 

(b)
Insolvency, business failure, assignment for the benefit of creditors, the appointment at a receiver or special monitor for Debtor, or
the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding by or against Debtor; or 

(c)
Default by Debtor of any material provision under any of the Sales Documents and not cured within ten (10) days after Debtor s
receipt of written notice from Secured Party identifying the material breach. 

6.2
 Remedies . Upon a default by Debtor, and at the option of Secured Party, all of Debtor s Obligations shall become
immediately due and payable without notice or demand (except as otherwise required hereunder or under any of the Settlement Documents),
and then and thereafter Secured Party shall have all of the rights and remedies of a secured party under the North Carolina Uniform Commercial
Code. Secured Party shall have the immediate right to: 

(a)
Notify all persons indebted to Debtor under leases, trade accounts and other obligations to make all payments solely and directly to
Secured Party; 

(b)
Take and maintain possession of the Collateral and in so doing, alone or with any other person, enter upon the premises where the Collateral
may be found or believed by Secured Party to be located. Debtor hereby waives all claims for damages and otherwise, due to, arising from,
or connected with any entry upon the premises or any seizure of the Collateral by Secured Party; 

(c)
Maintain possession and dispose of the Collateral on any premises of Debtor or under Debtor s control; or 

(d)
Remove the Collateral or any part thereof to any place Secured Party may desire. 

6.3
 Acceleration . Upon an Event of Default, all Obligations secured by this Agreement shall immediately become due and payable
at the option of Secured Party. 

6.4
 Remedies . If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, Secured Party may exercise, in addition to all other rights
and remedies granted to it herein, all rights and remedies of a secured party under the applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial
Code as adopted by the State of North Carolina from time-to-time. Debtor shall remain liable for any deficiency if the Collateral is
insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Party is entitled hereunder. Each Secured Party hereby agrees that no Secured Party
may exercise their rights under this Security Agreement without the concurrence and consent of each other Secured Party. 

5 

6.5
 Sale of Collateral . If requested by Secured Party, Debtor shall assemble and make the Collateral available to Secured Party
at a place to be designated by Secured Party. In the event of a sale by Secured Party after an Event of Default by Debtor, the Collateral
need not be in view of those present attending the sale, or at the same location at which the sale is being conducted. Secured Party
may sell the Collateral in such order, priority, and lots as is commercially reasonable in the opinion of Secured Party. Debtor shall
receive all notices of sale required to be given and which cannot be waived by law, all other notices of every type, nature, or kind
being hereby expressly waived by Debtor. Any notice required to be given by law shall be conclusively presumed given and received by
Debtor when it is mailed, postage prepaid, to Debtor at Debtor s last business address known to Secured Party. Unless the Collateral
is perishable, depreciates rapidly, or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Debtor will be given reasonable notice of
the time and place of any public sale, or of the time on or after which any private sale or other intended disposition is to be made.
The requirements of reasonable notice shall be met if notice is mailed, postage prepaid, to Debtor at least five (5) days before the
time of sale or other disposition. Secured Party may be the purchaser at any public sale of the Collateral. 

VII 

 TERM 

This
Agreement and the Security Interest created hereunder shall remain in effect until such time as no indebtedness is owing to Secured Party
under any of the Notes. Upon payment in full of all of the indebtedness of Debtor under the Notes, this Agreement shall terminate and
be of no further force or effect. Debtor shall thereafter be vested with full right and authority, with no further action required of
Secured Party, to file a termination statement of the Security Interest (commonly referred to as a Form UCC-2). 

VIII 

 ADDITIONAL
PROVISIONS 

To
the extent not expressly inconsistent with this Agreement, and applying all necessary revisions to apply to this Agreement, Sections
3.3 and 3.4 and Article XII of the Sale Agreement are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference as if set forth in full herein. 

[REST
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; ARTICLE IXON NEXT PAGE] 

6 

IX 

 EXECUTION 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this SECURITY AGREEMENT has been duly executed by the Parties in Wake County, North Carolina, and shall be effective
as of and on the Effective Date. Each of the undersigned Parties hereby represents and warrants that it (i) has the requisite power and
authority to enter into and carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as all transactions contemplated hereunder;
and, (ii) it is duly authorized and empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement. 

DEBTOR : 
 
 SECURED
 PARTY : 

DATA443
 RISK MITIGATION, INC., 
 
 HFST,
 L.L.C. 

a
 North Carolina corporation 

BY: 

BY: 

NAME: 
 Jason
 Remillard 
 
 NAME: 
 Howard
 F. Sklar 

TITLE: 
 President 
 
 TITLE: 
 Manager 

DATED: 

DATED: 

SOMMS,
 L.L.C. 

BY: 

NAME: 
 Manager 

TITLE: 
 Independent
 Executor 

DATED: 

2020
 NOTEHOLDERS, LLC 

BY: 

NAME: 
 Ross
 P. Barrett 

TITLE: 
 Manager 

DATED: 

7 

EXHIBIT
I 

 SECURED
PARTY 

HFST,
L.L.C. 

SOMMS,
L.L.C. 

2020
Noteholders, LLC 

8 

EXHIBIT
II-B 

 THE
NOTES 

9 

EXHIBIT
3.1 

 COLLATERAL 

The
Purchased Assets under the Sales Agreement, identified as any and all assets reasonably related to the ArcMail Business, including, without
limitation: 

(a)
All such assets already in the possession of Debtor; 

(b)
All customers and clients of the ArcMail Business; 

(c)
All Intellectual Property; 

(d)
All other intangible rights, including all goodwill associated with the ArcMail Business or the Purchased Assets; 

(e)
All attachments, accessories, accessions, replacements, substitutions, additions, and improvements to any of the foregoing, wherever
located; 

(f)
All proceeds of the Collateral, including but not limited to all accounts, instruments, contract rights, chattel paper, notes, general
intangibles, goods, equipment, inventory, deposit accounts, money, and other tangible and intangible property of Debtor resulting from
the sale or other disposition of the Collateral or the proceeds thereof, together with all proceeds of insurance relating thereto; and 

(g)
All of Debtor s books and records, in whatever format, relating to the foregoing and any and all claims, rights and interests in
any of the above and all substitutions for, additions and accessions to and proceeds thereof. 

10 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE
15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Jason Remillard, Chief Executive Officer of Data443
Risk Mitigation, Inc. certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason Remillard 

Name: 
 Jason Remillard 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE
15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Greg McCraw, Chief Financial Officer of Data443
Risk Mitigation, Inc. certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Greg McCraw 

Name: 
 Greg McCraw 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Jason Remillard, Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason Remillard 

Name: 
 Jason Remillard 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Data443 Risk Mitigation, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Greg McCraw, Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Greg McCraw 

Name: 
 Greg McCraw 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 87
 atds-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 89
 atds-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 90
 atds-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 91
 atds-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

