<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1759425_0000950170-23-006715.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15899834</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>680157</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2236656</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7095462</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2173714</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3370221</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006715.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308161612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006715
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001759425
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				831281555
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38981
		FILM NUMBER:		23716322

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 TOWER LANE, SUITE 1050
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-667-4085

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 TOWER LANE, SUITE 1050
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006715.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 mirm-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million, based on the closing price of the Registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market of 27.50 per share. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding as of March 3, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

Summary of Risks Associated with our Business 
 iv 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 29 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 84 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 84 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 85 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 85 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 86 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 86 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 87 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 102 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 103 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 136 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 136 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 137 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 137 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 138 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 138 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 138 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 138 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 138 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 139 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 139 

i 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These statements, which represent our current expectations or beliefs concerning various future events, may contain words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate or other words indicating future results, though not all forward-looking statements necessarily contain these identifying words. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 the commercialization of Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our products and product candidates or any of our future product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of an approved product candidate; 

our ability to grow and maintain our sales and marketing capabilities as well as our distribution capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; 

our plans to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates, including the timing of our ongoing clinical trials of Livmarli and volixibat; 

our expectations regarding the size of target patient populations for Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved for commercial use, and any additional product candidates we may develop; 

the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, as well as third-party payor coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates; 

our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 

our expectations regarding our ability to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend our intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

regulatory and legal developments in the United States, certain countries in Europe and other foreign countries; 

the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 

the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 

our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel; 

our estimates regarding the impact of geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, including the military conflict between Ukraine and Russia, related sanctions and the ongoing coronavirus (together with its variants, COVID-19) pandemic on our business and operations, the business and operations of our collaborators and on the global economy; 

our ability to obtain funding for our operations; and 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and needs for additional financing. 

ii 
 
 Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events discussed under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition and that if any of these events occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or a part of the value of your shares of our common stock. 
 The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they may appear in this Annual Report. We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 iii 
 
 Summary of Risks AssociateD with our Business 
 An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Below is a list of the more significant risks associated with our business. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks listed in this summary, as well as other risks that we face, are set forth under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 LIVMARLI (maralixibat) oral solution Livmarli is our only U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and European Medicines Agency EMA approved product and the success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to market and sell Livmarli profitably. 

If we are unable to adequately grow, maintain and scale our marketing and sales capabilities or enter into or maintain rights pursuant to agreements with third parties to market and sell Livmarli, we may not be able to generate viable Livmarli revenues. 

Livmarli or any one of our product candidates, if approved, may fail to achieve the market acceptance among physicians, patients and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

We rely completely on third parties to manufacture and distribute our clinical and commercial drug supplies, including certain sole-source suppliers and manufacturers. These third parties may fail to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for their facilities, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of drug product or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 

Our business depends, in part, on the success of our product candidates, each of which requires significant clinical testing before we can seek regulatory approval and potentially launch commercial sales. 

We have encountered and may continue to encounter delays and difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, and as a result, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

Our clinical trials may fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which could prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 

Any delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our clinical trials could result in increased costs for us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. 

Our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation and compliance, which is costly and time consuming, and such regulation may cause unanticipated delays or prevent the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize our product candidates. 

We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies with products that may directly or indirectly compete with ours, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 

We will need substantial additional financing to continue our commercialization efforts for Livmarli, develop our product candidates and implement our operating plans. If we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for Livmarli and our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved, may be adversely affected. 

iv 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the identification, acquisition, development and commercialization of novel therapies for debilitating rare and orphan diseases. We focus on diseases for which the unmet medical need is high and the biology for treatment is clear. 
 Our product, Livmarli, a novel, orally administered, minimally-absorbed ileal bile acid transporter IBAT inhibitor IBATi ), is approved for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with Alagille syndrome ALGS one year of age and older in the United States and for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months and older in Europe. We believe the prevalent patient population in the United States is approximately 2,000 to 2,500 pediatric ALGS patients, which, based on our current expectations and beliefs, represents a greater than 500.0 million market opportunity. ALGS is estimated to impact one out of every 30,000 births globally. We market and commercialize Livmarli in the United States and certain countries in Europe through our specialized and focused commercial team. We have also entered into license and distribution agreements with several rare disease companies for the commercialization of Livmarli in additional countries. We are also developing Livmarli for progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis PFIC and biliary atresia BA ). Livmarli has been granted breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA for ALGS and PFIC type 2. We have submitted positive data from our Phase 3 study of Livmarli in patients with PFIC in a supplemental New Drug Application sNDA to the FDA seeking approval for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with PFIC. We also expect to report topline data from our EMBARK Phase 2b clinical trial in BA in the second half of 2023. 
 We are advancing our second product candidate, volixibat, a novel, oral, minimally-absorbed agent designed to inhibit IBAT, for the treatment of adult patients with cholestatic liver diseases. We are developing volixibat for the treatment of primary sclerosing cholangitis PSC and primary biliary cholangitis PBC ). Volixibat has been studied in over 400 adults for up to 48 weeks. Clinical trials of volixibat have shown significant activity on IBAT and bile acid markers such as 7 C4, fecal bile acids and cholesterol, demonstrating potent biological activity. We expect to conduct an interim analysis of our VISTAS Phase 2b clinical trial in PSC in mid-2023, and report interim data from our VANTAGE Phase 2b clinical trial in PBC in the second half of 2023. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to strengthen our leadership position in rare and orphan diseases for which the unmet medical need is high. The key components of our strategy include: 
 
 Commercialize and advance regulatory approvals of Livmarli for the treatment of ALGS internationally. Livmarli is approved by the FDA and the European Commission for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS one year of age and older and two months of age and older, respectively. We are commercializing Livmarli in the United States and certain countries in Europe. Additionally, we have entered into several distributor and licensing agreements to advance Livmarli in numerous territories outside of the markets where we commercialize Livmarli directly. 

Advance Livmarli through clinical development and seek regulatory approvals for the treatment of PFIC and BA. Livmarli has been granted breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA for PFIC type 2 and in October 2022 we announced positive results from the MARCH-PFIC Phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate Livmarli in PFIC. We submitted a sNDA in February 2023 seeking approval for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with PFIC. We are also evaluating the potential of Livmarli in the EMBARK Phase 2b clinical trial in BA. We plan to commercialize Livmarli for these indications with our existing commercial teams, if approved. 

Develop and commercialize volixibat for the treatment of adults with PSC and PBC. We plan to further leverage our understanding of cholestatic liver disease with volixibat in adult settings. We are conducting adaptive, potentially registrational, Phase 2b clinical trials of volixibat in PSC and PBC. 

1 
 
 Actively manage our product portfolio and expand our pipeline of novel product candidates. We have assembled a team of scientific, clinical and business leaders with highly relevant experience to enable the advancement of therapeutics for rare and orphan diseases. We intend to leverage our collective expertise to identify, acquire, in-license and advance additional product candidates for the treatment of rare and orphan diseases. 

Our Product Pipeline 
 The following graphic depicts each of our product candidates, the respective indications we are pursuing, the expected next milestones and regulatory designations: 

Our Commercial Product 
 Livmarli for cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS 
 Livmarli is a novel, orally administered, minimally-absorbed solution approved by the FDA as a once daily medicine for cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS one year of age and older and by the EMA as a once daily medicine for cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months of age and older. Livmarli is an IBATi that prevents absorption of bile acids in the ileum, thereby lowering serum bile acid sBA levels in settings of cholestasis where excess bile acids cause symptomatic and progressive disease burden. 
 ALGS is a rare genetic disorder of severe cholestasis in which bile ducts are abnormally narrow, malformed and reduced in number, which leads to bile accumulation in the liver and ultimately progressive liver disease. In patients with ALGS, multiple organ systems may be affected by the mutation, including the liver, heart, kidneys and central nervous system. The accumulation of bile acids prevents the liver from working properly to eliminate waste from the bloodstream and leads to progressive liver disease. Signs and symptoms arising from cholestasis in ALGS may include jaundice, pruritus, xanthomas and growth deficit. The pruritus experienced by patients with ALGS is among the most severe in any chronic liver disease and is present in most affected children by the third year of life. In children with cholestasis due to ALGS, it is estimated that six in 10 of children progress to transplant or death by adulthood. Furthermore, it is reported that the majority of liver transplants in ALGS are due to cholestatic symptoms rather than progressive liver damage. In patients who have not received a liver transplant, 75 have active scratching, with 32 having destruction of skin, bleeding or scarring. Children with ALGS experience a markedly impaired quality of life largely due to the intense pruritus and associated skin lesions and disruptions in sleep and mood. A study to assess the health-related quality of life in ALGS patients indicated a significant burden in physical, psychological and social health accompanies the disease. 
 We believe the initial addressable patient population in the United States is approximately 2,000-2,500 pediatric ALGS patients. ALGS is estimated to impact one out of every 30,000 births globally. We believe this addressable number may grow with the availability of an oral therapy as an alternative to transplant for the treatment of pruritus due to ALGS as well as increased disease awareness and diagnosis. 
 As depicted in the figure below, patients treated with Livmarli in our registrational study experienced an approximately 60 mean reduction from baseline to week 18 in pruritus, as measured by ItchRO(Obs) score (p 
 2 
 
 showed that patients who were randomized to placebo experienced a recurrence of their pruritus, whereas those who continued on Livmarli maintained their reduction in pruritus (p 
 The ItchRO(Obs) score is a caregiver-reported outcome assessment developed for use in cholestatic liver diseases, which measures severity of itch on a 0-4 scale. The ItchRO(Obs) score is a tool developed for evaluating pruritus in pediatric cholestatic settings. Over the course of the Livmarli program, ItchRO(Obs) has been developed and tested to support an outcome assessment for regulatory purposes. We incorporated FDA input into the use of the tool in our clinical trials. Our validation work with ItchRO(Obs) supports that a change of 1.0 is clinically meaningful. 
 Observer-reported pruritus severity ItchRO(Obs) weekly average morning score change from baseline 

Natural History Comparisons 
 In a six-year event-free survival analysis in ALGS of a natural history cohort (the GALA clinical research database) and Livmarli treated patients, it was demonstrated that those treated with Livmarli had a 70 reduction for clinical outcomes versus the natural history cohort with similar baseline characteristics. 
 The analysis evaluated six years of follow-up from pooled Livmarli studies (n=84) in ALGS and compared it against an external natural history control cohort from the GALA database that was selected to have similar disease severity. The objective of the analysis was to compare the time to first clinical event in Livmarli-treated patients with ALGS versus a natural history cohort, with events defined as liver transplantation, biliary diversion surgery, decompensation events (ascites requiring therapy or variceal bleeding), or death. Additional analyses included transplant-free survival as well as several sensitivity and subgroup analyses to ensure robustness of the findings. 
 The analysis demonstrated a highly significant improvement in six-year event-free survival with a p-value of 
 Livmarli data shows significant improvement in Event Free Survival 
 
 3 

HR: Hazard Ratio; CI: Confidence Interval 
 Safety and Tolerability Data for Livmarli in ALGS 
 In the ALGS clinical development program, which includes five clinical studies comprising 86 patients, patients received doses of Livmarli up to 760 mcg/kg per day with a median duration of exposure of 32.3 months (range: 0.03 - 60.9 months). The majority of Livmarli exposure in the development program occurred without a placebo control in open-label trial extensions. The most common adverse reactions 5 for ALGS patients treated with Livmarli are presented in the table below, regardless of causality. Treatment interruptions or dose reductions occurred in five (6 patients due to diarrhea, abdominal pain, or vomiting. 
 
 In a pooled analysis of patients with ALGS (n=86) administered Livmarli, increases in hepatic transaminases ALT were observed. Seven (8.1 patients discontinued Livmarli due to ALT increases. Three (3.5 patients had a decrease in dose or interruption of Livmarli in response to ALT increases. In the majority of cases, the elevations resolved or improved after discontinuation or dose modification of Livmarli. In some cases, the elevations resolved or improved without change in Livmarli dosing. Increases to more than three times baseline in ALT occurred in 24 of patients treated with Livmarli and increases to more than five times baseline occurred in 2 . AST increases to more than three times baseline occurred in 14 of patients treated with Livmarli, and an increase to more than five times baseline occurred in one patient. Elevations in transaminases were asymptomatic and not associated with bilirubin elevations or other laboratory abnormalities. 
 Our Clinical Product Candidates 
 4 
 
 Livmarli in PFIC 
 PFIC is a heterogeneous group of rare autosomal recessive liver disorders of childhood characterized by mutations in genes encoding proteins involved in the hepatocellular transport system. These disorders result in disrupted bile composition and chronic cholestasis. Signs and symptoms arising from cholestasis in PFIC include debilitating pruritus, impaired growth, reduced quality of life, and progressive liver disease with most children undergoing liver transplantation. 
 There are several PFIC subtypes based on the underlying genetic deficiency. For example, PFIC1 is caused by mutations in the ATPase phospholipid transporting 8B1 gene (ATP8B1), located on chromosome 18, which encodes a phospholipid transporting transmembrane P-type adenosine triphosphatase known as FIC1. PFIC2 is caused by mutations in the ATP binding cassette subfamily B member 11 gene (ABCB11), located on chromosome 2, which encodes the bile salt export pump (BSEP), the main transporter of bile acids from hepatocytes to the canalicular lumen PFIC3 is caused by mutations in the ATP binding cassette subfamily B member 4 gene (ABCB4), located on chromosome 7, which encodes multidrug-resistance protein 3 (MDR3); this protein transports phospholipids into the canalicular lumen to neutralize bile salts and prevent injury to biliary epithelia and bile canaliculi. Other deficiencies include that of the tight junction protein 2 (TJP2) and myosin VB (MYO5B). 
 PFIC affects approximately one in 50,000 to 100,000 births in the United States and Europe and typically presents within the first three to six months of life. Surgical options such as partial external biliary drainage and liver transplantation can be effective, but are expensive, may require life-long administration of immuno-suppressants and have potential for significant comorbidities. Only a portion of the patients who require a liver transplant are able to match with a suitable donor organ, and there can be serious complications, for example, rapid re-occurrence of disease and steatosis. Odevixibat was recently approved for the treatment of pruritus in patients with PFIC, though we believe there is still unmet medical need for new therapies for PFIC. 
 Livmarli has been granted breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA for PFIC2 based on the response observed in the Phase 2 INDIGO clinical trial. Data from our Phase 3 MARCH-PFIC registrational study was positive across a broad spectrum of PFIC subtypes. The figure below shows significant pruritus improvement. The proportion of patients with a ItchRO(Obs) pruritus score of 1 was 62 for those on Livmarli versus 28 for those on placebo (p 
 Observed Weekly Average of the Worst Daily Pruritus Score over time in PFIC 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6 
 
 5 
 
 Livmarli in BA 
 BA is a rare liver disorder in which there is a blockage or absence of large bile ducts that leads to bile accumulation in the liver and results in progressive cholestasis and liver damage. BA occurs in infants and is estimated to affect one in every 10,000 to 15,000 live births in the United States. BA is the most common reason for liver transplantation in children. There remains a substantial unmet medical need for therapeutic interventions as initial surgical treatment is often unsuccessful. The standard of care for BA is the Kasai procedure, a surgery in which a segment of the small intestine is used to attach the small intestine directly to the liver where bile is expected to drain and is most successful if conducted in the first eight weeks of life. The success rate for the Kasai procedure is approximately 30 to 40 , while the remaining patients are at risk of progressive liver disease requiring liver transplantation. Prognosis after Kasai procedure has been shown to be most promising in patients with lower levels of bilirubin. Further, a strong association between sBA control post-Kasai procedure with long-term outcomes has been observed, supporting the hypothesis that pharmacologically reducing sBA may improve outcomes in BA. We believe IBAT inhibition has therapeutic potential in this patient population through its impact on sBA. We are conducting the EMBARK Phase 2b clinical trial of Livmarli in BA. Livmarli has been granted orphan drug designation for BA by the FDA and the EMA. 
 Volixibat 
 We are advancing our product candidate, volixibat, a novel, oral, minimally-absorbed agent designed to inhibit IBAT, for the treatment of adult patients with cholestatic liver diseases. We are developing volixibat for the treatment of PSC and PBC. Volixibat has been studied in over 400 adults for up to 48 weeks. Clinical trials of volixibat have shown significant activity on IBAT and bile acid markers such as 7 C4, fecal bile acids and cholesterol, demonstrating potent biological activity. 
 PSC is a serious, idiopathic chronic cholestatic liver disease characterized by the progressive inflammation and destruction of bile ducts, which can lead to life-threatening complications. It is estimated that approximately 29,000 people in the United States and approximately 50,000 people in Europe suffer from PSC. Up to 70 of PSC patients suffer from pruritus during the course of the disease. Liver transplantation is the only treatment shown to improve clinical outcomes in PSC but is expensive, requires long-term administration of immuno-suppressants and only a portion of the patients who require a liver transplant are able to match with a suitable donor organ. Ursodeoxycholic acid UDCA ), is used off-label in PSC with conflicting evidence. We are conducting the VISTAS Phase 2b clinical trial of volixibat in patients with pruritus and PSC. VISTAS is an adaptive, randomized Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating the effect of volixibat on pruritus, sBA and fibrosis markers in patients with PSC and pruritus. 
 PBC is a chronic, rare, cholestatic liver disease characterized by progressive liver bile flow impairment caused by immune-mediated destruction of intrahepatic bile ducts. This results in increased hepatic bile acid concentrations, which leads to a local inflammatory response in the liver that progresses to hepatic fibrosis, cirrhosis, and hepatic decompensation. The incidence rates for PBC in Europe, North America, Asia, and Australia are reported as ranging from 0.33 to 5.8 per 100,000 people, with a prevalence ranging from 1.91 to 40.2 per 100,000 people. We are conducting the VANTAGE Phase 2b clinical trial of volixibat in patients with pruritus and PBC. 
 There are no approved therapies for PSC in the United States. A variety of licensed and off-label therapies are currently used to reduce the impact of the progressive nature of PBC. These include UDCA, obeticholic acid, peroxisome proliferator activator receptors like bezafibrate and fenofibrate, and others. However, the few therapeutic options available to manage PBC associated pruritus are temporary and/or suboptimal. 
 License, Finance and Royalty Agreements 
 Assignment and License Agreement with Shire International GmbH (Takeda) 
 In November 2018, we entered into an assignment and license agreement Shire License Agreement with Shire International GmbH Shire ), which was subsequently acquired by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. Pursuant to the Shire License Agreement, Shire assigned, transferred and conveyed all of its right, title and interest in and to the Pfizer Agreement, Satiogen Agreement and Sanofi Agreement, (collectively, the Assigned License Agreements ), each of which is defined below. 
 6 
 
 In addition, Shire granted us an exclusive, royalty bearing, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain regulatory materials as well as patents and know-how, which we refer to collectively as the Shire IP, relating to the Livmarli compound and the volixibat compound in development by Shire as of that date, which we collectively refer to as the Shire Licensed Products, to develop, have developed, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale or import the Shire Licensed Products worldwide for the therapeutic or prophylactic application in human health. We have sole authority and responsibility over development and commercialization activities for the Shire Licensed Products, and we are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to perform certain development, regulatory and commercialization activities with respect to the PFIC, ALGS and BA indications for Livmarli and unspecified indications with respect to volixibat. We will solely own all inventions and discoveries arising out of activities conducted by us under the Shire License Agreement. We will also be responsible for the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of patents under the Shire License Agreement and the cost thereof. We have the first right, but are not obligated, to enforce any patent licensed under the Shire License Agreement. 
 We are required to pay Shire up to an aggregate of 109.5 million upon the achievement of certain other clinical development and regulatory milestones for Livmarli in the PFIC, ALGS and BA indications, and a 25.0 million payment upon regulatory approval of Livmarli for each and every other indication. Each such milestone payment will be paid only once for each such indication during the term of the Shire License Agreement, the first time Livmarli reaches such milestone event, regardless of the number of times such milestone is reached by Livmarli for the same indication. In addition, we are required to pay up to an aggregate of 30.0 million upon the achievement of certain clinical development and regulatory milestones for volixibat solely for the first indication sought. Each such milestone payment will be paid only once for the first indication for which volixibat is developed during the term of the Shire License Agreement, the first time volixibat reaches such milestone event, regardless of the number of products or the number of indications for which volixibat is developed. 
 Under the Shire License Agreement and Assigned License Agreements, to date, we have paid aggregate development and regulatory milestones of 66.0 million related to our Livmarli and volixibat programs. 
 Upon achievement of certain thresholds for aggregate worldwide net sales for all Shire Licensed Products, we are required to pay Shire, on a one-time, non-refundable and non-creditable basis, up to an aggregate of 30.0 million in tiered sales milestone payments. Lastly, upon certain annual worldwide net sales of all Shire Licensed Products, we are required to pay Shire, on a non-refundable and non-creditable basis, tiered royalties with rates ranging from low double-digits to mid-teens Shire royalties ). As we make royalty payments to Satiogen, which is defined below, under the Satiogen Agreement, the Shire royalties will be reduced by a low single digit percentage of net sales. Similarly, if we actually make royalty payments to Sanofi, which is defined below, under the Sanofi Agreement, the Shire royalties will be reduced by low to high single digit percentages of certain net sales thresholds. 
 Under the Shire License Agreement, we are prohibited from developing any competing product prior to the five-year anniversary of the first commercial sale of a Shire Licensed Product, or commercializing any competing product prior to the eight-year anniversary of the first commercial sale of a Shire Licensed Product. For purposes of the Shire License Agreement, a competing product is any product that is or contains a compound (A) where the primary method of action is ASBT inhibition activity, which is another term for IBAT inhibition, or (B) that is commercialized or developed for any PFIC, ALGS, or BA indication, except (B) shall not apply with respect to (1) a given indication if a product failure has occurred with respect to such indication (e.g., if a product failure has occurred for a Shire Licensed Product for the BA indication, we may thereafter develop and commercialize a product for the BA indication if such product uses a different primary method of action than ASBT inhibition activity) or (2) a given product if such product is a product that is not deleterious to the sales or pricing of a Shire Licensed Product. 
 The Shire License Agreement will remain in effect on a country-by-country and Shire Licensed Product-by-Shire Licensed Product basis and will continue on such basis until the later of the (i) expiration of the last patent or patent application licensed under the Shire License Agreement that covers a Shire Licensed Product, (ii) expiration of any regulatory exclusivity period, and (iii) tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of such Shire Licensed Product in such country. The term of the last patent or patent application licensed under the Shire License Agreement ends on October 26, 2032, absent patent term adjustment or extension. We may unilaterally terminate the Shire License Agreement for any reason or no reason upon 90 days written notice to Shire. In addition, we may also terminate the Shire License Agreement if we reasonably determine that we are precluded from further development due to materially adverse pre-clinical or clinical pathology or toxicology data. Either party may terminate the Shire License Agreement in the event of the other party s insolvency or for the other party s material breach of the Shire 
 7 
 
 License Agreement that remains uncured after 90 days of receiving written notice of such breach. Shire may terminate the Shire License Agreement upon our or our affiliates challenge to the validity of the patents licensed under the Shire License Agreement. 
 License Agreement with Pfizer Inc. 
 Through the Shire License Agreement, we were assigned the rights to the license agreement Pfizer Agreement ), with Pfizer Inc. Pfizer ), pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to Pfizer s know-how related to Livmarli, the Pfizer Know-How ). Under the Pfizer Agreement, we are permitted to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize products utilizing the Pfizer Know-How for the diagnosis, treatment, prevention, mitigation and cure of human diseases and disorders, and to sublicense such rights. Pfizer retained the right to use the Pfizer Know-How to conduct internal research and to use a third party to conduct research on Pfizer s behalf. 
 We have sole responsibility and control over development and commercialization activities for the Pfizer Know-How and products utilizing the Pfizer Know-How, and we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize products utilizing the Pfizer Know-How. In the event we determine to sublicense to a third party our right to commercialize the Pfizer Know-How or products utilizing the Pfizer Know-How under the Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer has the first right to negotiate such a commercial license with us. 
 Ownership of inventions and discoveries under the Pfizer Agreement will be determined in accordance with the rules of inventorship under United States patent laws. We will own and bear all expenses incurred in preparing, filing, prosecuting and maintaining all patents for inventions that are solely invented by us. 
 As consideration, upon commercialization of any product utilizing the Pfizer Know-How, we are required to pay to Pfizer a low single-digit royalty on net sales of such products sold by us, our affiliates or sublicensees. Our royalty obligations continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the eighth anniversary of the first commercial sale of such licensed product anywhere in the world. We currently pay royalties to Pfizer on our sales of Livmarli. 
 We may unilaterally terminate the Pfizer Agreement for any reason or no reason upon 90 days written notice to Pfizer. Either party may terminate the Pfizer Agreement in the event of the other party s insolvency or for the other party s material breach of the Pfizer Agreement which remains uncured after 60 days of receiving written notice of such breach, or 30 days in the case of a payment breach. Absent early termination, the Pfizer Agreement will automatically expire on a country-by-country basis upon the expiration of our royalty payment obligations. 
 License Agreement with Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH 
 Through the Shire License Agreement, we were assigned the rights to the license agreement, as amended Sanofi Agreement ), with Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH Sanofi ), under which we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain patents and know-how controlled by Sanofi related to volixibat Sanofi Technology ). Under the Sanofi Agreement, we are permitted to develop and commercialize products containing volixibat utilizing the Sanofi Technology. Additionally, under the Sanofi Agreement, we are permitted to manufacture products containing volixibat utilizing the Sanofi Technology and to sublicense such rights. In addition, Sanofi granted to us, under certain conditions, an exclusive option to obtain an exclusive license to manufacture volixibat during the term of the Sanofi Agreement. We exercised this option in May 2020 and are transferring manufacturing of volixibat to a third-party contract manufacturer. Sanofi retained the right to practice the Sanofi Technology outside the scope of the license granted to us under the Sanofi Agreement and to make and use for internal research purposes, provided that upon our request, Sanofi is obligated to provide us with a written summary of the results of any such research to the extent such results relate to the use of volixibat as an ASBT inhibitor ASBTi ). 
 Under the Sanofi Agreement, we have sole authority and responsibility over development and commercialization activities for licensed products, and we are required to use diligent efforts to perform certain development, regulatory and commercialization activities. 
 With the exception of Sanofi s rights on its further optimization of the process of manufacturing of the product utilizing the Sanofi Technology, we will own all inventions and discoveries arising out of activities conducted by us under the Sanofi Agreement and we will be responsible for the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of patents under the Sanofi Agreement. Further, we will have the first right, but will not be obligated, to enforce patents 
 8 
 
 under the Sanofi Agreement. If we do not exercise our right to enforce patents under the Sanofi Agreement, Sanofi will be able to enforce the patents. 
 We are required to pay to Sanofi up to an aggregate of 36.0 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory, commercialization and product sales milestones. Upon commercialization of any product utilizing the Sanofi Technology, we will be required to pay to Sanofi tiered royalties in the mid to high single-digit range based upon net sales of licensed products sold by us and our affiliates and sublicensees in a calendar year, subject to adjustments in certain circumstances. Our royalty obligations continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the later to occur of the expiration of the last valid claim in a licensed patent or patent application covering the applicable licensed product in such country and ten years after the first commercial sale of a licensed product following regulatory approval in such country. The term of the last patent or patent application licensed under the Sanofi Agreement ends on May 26, 2030, absent patent term adjustment or extension. In the event we sublicense our right to commercialize a product utilizing the Sanofi Technology, we are obligated to pay to Sanofi a fee based on a percentage of sublicense fees received by us, which percentage ranges from the mid-teens to low-thirties, depending on the stage of development of such licensed product, and is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. 
 For three years after the first commercial sale of a product utilizing the Sanofi Technology, on a licensed product-by-licensed product basis, we may not, through our own efforts or with an affiliate or third party, commercialize any product for specified indications with a method of action that reduces the reabsorption of bile acids in the intestinal tract, except for the commercialization of products utilizing the Sanofi Technology under the Sanofi Agreement. 
 We may unilaterally terminate the Sanofi Agreement for any reason or no reason upon 60 days written notice to Sanofi. We may also terminate the Sanofi Agreement on a country-by-country or licensed product-by-licensed product basis upon written notice to Sanofi (1) if we reasonably determine that we are precluded from proceeding with the first Phase 2b clinical trial for a product utilizing the Sanofi Technology in certain major markets due to certain safety failures or (2) after using diligent efforts, we reasonably determine that we are precluded from proceeding with a Phase 3 clinical trial for a product utilizing the Sanofi Technology in certain major markets due to certain safety or efficacy failures. Either party may terminate the Sanofi Agreement in the event of the other party s insolvency or for the other party s material breach of the Sanofi Agreement which remains uncured after 90 days of receiving written notice of such breach, or ten business days in the case of a payment breach. Absent early termination, the Sanofi Agreement will remain in effect on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the expiration of our royalty payment obligations for such licensed product in such country. 
 License Agreement with Satiogen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Through the Shire License Agreement, we were assigned the rights to the license agreement, as amended Satiogen Agreement ), with Satiogen Pharmaceuticals, Inc Satiogen ), now a wholly-owned Mirum entity, under which we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain patents and know-how controlled by Satiogen related to ASBTis ASBTi Technology ), and TGR5 agonists TGR5 Technology ). Under the Satiogen Agreement, we are permitted to develop, manufacture and commercialize products utilizing the ASBTi Technology or TGR5 Technology for the diagnosis, treatment, prevention, mitigation and cure of human diseases and disorders, other than diabetes, obesity or a combination thereof, and to sublicense such rights. In March 2017, the Satiogen Agreement was amended to terminate the license of certain patents related to the ASBTi Technology and TGR5 Technology as each relates to diabetes and obesity. In May 2022, we completed the merger and acquisition of Satiogen in which Satiogen became our wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 We have sole responsibility and control over development and commercialization activities for products utilizing the ASBTi Technology or TGR5 Technology under the Satiogen Agreement and we are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize such licensed products. 
 We are required to pay to Satiogen a low single-digit royalty on net sales of products utilizing the ASBTi Technology or TGR5 Technology sold by us and our affiliates. Our royalty obligations continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the last valid claim in a licensed patent or patent application covering the applicable licensed product in such country. The term of the last patent or patent application licensed under the Satiogen Agreement ends on August 30, 2031, absent patent term adjustment or extension. 
 9 
 
 In the event we sublicense any of our rights under the ASBTi Technology or TGR5 Technology to a third party, we are obligated under the Satiogen Agreement to pay to Satiogen a fee based on a percentage of sublicense revenue received by us, which percentage ranges from the mid-teens to mid-twenties, depending on whether the right granted is in connection with the ASBTi Technology or TGR5 Technology, and the stage of development of such sublicensed technology. In addition, we are obligated under the Satiogen Agreement to pay to Satiogen a percentage of royalties we receive in consideration for the grant of such sublicense based on a percentage of revenue generated by such sublicensee for sales of products utilizing the ASBTi Technology or TGR5 Technology, which percentage is in the low-fifties and is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. This payment will not exceed an amount that is one-half of our low single-digit royalty obligation to Satiogen. 
 We may unilaterally terminate the Satiogen Agreement for any reason or no reason upon 90 days written notice to Satiogen. If we cease all research, development and commercialization efforts with respect to all licensed products related to the ASBTi Technology or the TGR5 Technology for over one year, or we determine to cease all such efforts, Satiogen may elect to terminate the Satiogen Agreement with respect to the license under the ASBTi Technology or the TGR5 Technology, respectively. Either party may terminate the Satiogen Agreement for the other party s material breach of the Satiogen Agreement which remains uncured after 90 days of receiving written notice of such breach. Absent early termination, the Satiogen Agreement will automatically terminate upon the expiration of our royalty obligations. 
 Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement with Oberland 
 In December 2020, we entered into a Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement RIPA with Mulholland SA LLC, an affiliate of Oberland Capital LLC, as agent for the purchasers party thereto (the Purchasers ), and the Purchasers. Pursuant to the RIPA, the Purchasers paid us 50.0 million on closing and 65.0 million in April 2021, less certain transaction expenses. We may also be entitled to receive up to approximately 50.0 million at the option of the Purchasers to finance in-licenses or other acquisitions on or prior to December 31, 2022. 
 As consideration for such payments, the Purchasers will have a right to receive certain revenue interests (the Revenue Interests from us based on annual net sales of Livmarli, if approved, which will be tiered payments (the Revenue Interest Payments based on whether such annual net sales are (i) less than or equal to 350.0 million Tier 1 ), (ii) exceeding 350.0 million and less than or equal to 1.1 billion Tier 2 ), or (iii) exceeding 1.1 billion Tier 3 ). The Revenue Interest Payments will initially be 9.75 (at Tier 1) and 2.00 (at Tier 2 and Tier 3) of such annual net sales in a specified territory (the Covered Territory ); provided that (i) if the Purchasers have received Revenue Interest Payments in an amount equal to or greater than 110.0 of the total payments actually made by the Purchasers to us, exclusive of transaction expenses (the Cumulative Purchaser Payments ), on or prior to December 31, 2026, the Revenue Interests shall be reduced to 2.00 at Tier 1 and 0.00 at Tier 3 for all subsequent calendar years beginning on January 1, 2027 and (ii) if the Purchasers have not received Revenue Interest Payments in an amount equal to or greater than 110.0 of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments on or prior to December 31, 2026, the Revenue Interests shall be increased for all subsequent calendar years beginning on January 1, 2027 to a single defined rate (with no separate tiers) that would have provided the Purchasers with an amount equal to 110.0 of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments on or prior to December 31, 2026 had such rate applied to Tier 1 of initial Revenue Interest Payments. The Purchasers rights to receive the Revenue Interest Payments shall terminate on the date on which the Purchasers have received Revenue Interest Payments of 195.0 of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments, unless the RIPA is terminated earlier. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates and other discoveries, inventions, trade secrets and know-how that are critical to our business operations. Our success also depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and in part, on our ability to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. A comprehensive discussion on risks relating to intellectual property is provided under Risk Factors under the subsection Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 We have developed and continue to develop patent portfolios around our product candidates, Livmarli and volixibat. We have rights to pending patent applications in the United States, Europe, South Korea, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Mexico and Singapore covering the methods of treating various cholestatic liver indications using 
 10 
 
 maralixibat and/or volixibat which, if issued, would expire in October 2032, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. We have rights to two issued patents in the United Stated directed to treating or ameliorating PFIC2 and treating or ameliorating a pediatric disorder characterized by having a non-truncating BSEP mutation selected from PFIC2, BRIC2, and drug induced cholestasis in a pediatric subject comprising administering Livmarli, both of which expire in October 2032. We have rights to an issued United States Patent No. 11,229,647 in the United States directed to treating ALGS in a pediatric subject comprising administering to the subject about 400 ug/kg/day to about 800 ug/kg/day maralixibat chloride expiring in February 2040. This patent is listed in the FDA s Orange Book: Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations Orange Book for Livmarli. We have rights to granted and/or issued patents in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Israel, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, South Africa and Macau covering the methods of treating cholestasis using IBATis that have limited systemic exposure, which expire in October 2032. We also have rights to pending patent applications in United States, Europe, Australia, Japan, Eurasia, South Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore, covering methods of treating pediatric cholestatic liver diseases using IBATis that have limited systemic exposure, which, if issued, would expire in October 2032, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. We have rights to granted and/or issued patents in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Israel, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, South Africa, Singapore, Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovak Republic, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Macau and Turkmenistan covering methods of treating pediatric cholestatic liver diseases using IBATis that have limited systemic exposure, which expire in October 2032. We also have rights to a granted patent in South Africa covering pediatric dosage forms of IBATis that have limited systemic exposure, which expires in October 2032. We have rights to pending patent applications in the United States, Europe, Canada, China, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, UAE, and Saudi Arabia directed to methods for modulating a dosage of an IBATi and to methods for using patient genotype to predict response to IBATi administration in patients with BSEP deficiency. We have rights to pending applications in the United States, Europe, Canada, China, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, UAE, and Saudi Arabia directed to methods for treating cholestatic liver disease comprising administering higher dosages of IBATis. We have rights to pending applications in the United States, Europe, Canada, China, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, UAE, and Saudi Arabia directed to methods of increasing growth in pediatric subjects having cholestatic liver disease by administering IBATis. Any patents issuing from these applications would expire in February 2040, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. We have licensed patent applications in the United States and a pending application in Europe from Satiogen covering therapeutic uses of IBATis that have limited systemic exposure for treating inflammatory intestinal conditions, which, if issued, would expire in May 2031, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. Two of these Satiogen applications recently issued as United States Patent No. 10,251,880 and 11,260,053, the latter being Orange-Book listable for Livmarli. We have licensed an issued United States patent, as well as issued foreign counterparts in Argentina, Austria, Australia, Belgium, Canada, Switzerland, China, Germany, Denmark, Spain, Finland, France, United Kingdom, Greece, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, India, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Liechtenstein, Mexico, Malaysia, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Russia, Sweden, Singapore, Taiwan, Turkey, and Brazil from Sanofi, that cover the composition and methods of making volixibat and salts thereof, expiring in December 2027. Patents related to Livmarli and volixibat may be eligible for patent term extensions in certain jurisdictions, including the United States, upon approval of a commercial use of the corresponding product by a regulatory agency in the jurisdiction where the patent was granted and/or issued. Similar to the patent term-extensions in the United States, Supplementary Protection Certificates SPCs serve as an extension to a patent right in the European Union for up to five years. Unlike patent term extensions, SPCs apply to extend the protection afforded by the relevant patent solely in relation to the product covered by the marketing authorization. 
 We do not have patents or patent applications covering Livmarli as a composition of matter. Therefore, the primary patent-based intellectual property protection for our Livmarli program will be any patents granted on the pending method-of-use and dosage form patent applications. 
 In addition to patent protection, we rely on trade secret protection, trademark protection and know-how to expand our proprietary position around our chemistry, technology and other discoveries and inventions that we consider important to our business. We are a party to a number of license agreements under which we are granted intellectual property rights to know-how that are important to our business. We have licensed know-how related to Livmarli in the United States, Europe and other countries from Pfizer. We have licensed know-how related to ASBTi Technology and TGR5 Technology from Satiogen. We have licensed know-how related to volixibat from 
 11 
 
 Sanofi. Our existing license agreements as related to Livmarli and volixibat impose various development, regulatory and/ commercial diligence obligations, payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. 
 In addition, we currently have orphan drug designation for Livmarli for the treatment of ALGS, PFIC, PSC and PBC in the United States and the European Union, providing the opportunity to receive seven years of market exclusivity in the United States, which can be extended to seven and a half years if trials are conducted in accordance with an agreed-upon pediatric investigational plan, and ten years of market exclusivity in the European Union, which can be extended to 12 years in the European Union if trials are conducted in accordance with an agreed-upon pediatric investigational plan. 
 In the United States, maralixibat has been granted new chemical entity NCE exclusivity until September 29, 2026. This five years of post-FDA approval exclusivity runs concurrently with its seven years orphan drug exclusivity for the treatment of ALGS. Upon approval in the United States, as volixibat has not previously been approved in the United States for any indication, it may be eligible for five years of NCE exclusivity, which would run concurrently with its seven years of orphan drug exclusivity if we obtain orphan drug designation for its approved uses. 
 We also seek to protect our intellectual property in part by entering into confidentiality agreements with companies with whom we share proprietary and confidential information in the course of business discussions, and by having confidentiality terms in our agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, clinical investigators and other contractors and also by requiring our employees, commercial contractors, and certain consultants and investigators, to enter into invention assignment agreements that grant us ownership of any discoveries or inventions made by them while in our employ. 
 Furthermore, we seek trademark protection in the United States and internationally where available and when we deem appropriate. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We believe we have built the commercial infrastructure necessary to effectively support the commercialization of Livmarli, and volixibat, if approved, in North America and certain countries in Europe and are using strategic partners, and distributors to assist in the commercialization of Livmarli and volixibat in other markets. 
 The commercial infrastructure for orphan products typically consists of a targeted, specialty sales force that calls on a limited and focused group of physicians supported by sales management, internal sales support, an internal marketing group and distribution support. Additional capabilities important to the marketplace include the management of key accounts such as managed care organizations, group-purchasing organizations, specialty pharmacies, government accounts and reimbursement support. Based on the number of physicians that treat cholestatic liver diseases, we have designed our commercial organization to target the relevant audience for Livmarli and volixibat in North America and certain countries in Europe primarily through an internal sales force. To maintain and further develop the appropriate commercial infrastructure, we have invested and expect to continue to invest significant amounts of financial and management resources to our commercial organization. 
 In addition, we have built a medical affairs organization and multiple capabilities across North America and Europe to meet the scientific and medical educational needs of the healthcare providers and patients in the rare liver disease community that are focused on providing accurate disease state and balanced product information for appropriate management of patients with rare liver disorders. Medical affairs is comprised of medical information, patient advocacy, patient diagnosis, medical science liaisons, research and educational grants. 
 We have entered into a services agreement with Eversana, a leading provider of commercial support services to the life science industry, to provide integrated nationwide distribution, specialty pharmacy, medical information, patient services and hub support for Livmarli in the United States. Similarly, we have entered into a service agreement with Movianto to provide integrated distribution outside the United States. 
 Customers 
 Livmarli is currently distributed in the U.S. through a single specialty pharmacy. Sales outside of the U.S. are sold to our authorized distributors. Both the specialty pharmacy and the authorized distributors act as intermediaries 
 12 
 
 between us and the end-users and generally do not stock significant quantities of our products. In certain countries, governments place large periodic orders. The timing of these orders can be inconsistent and can create quarter-to-quarter variation in revenue. 
 Further, in 2023, we began selling Livmarli to pharmacies in certain European countries which act as intermediaries between us and end-users. These pharmacies do not stock significant amounts of inventory. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of Livmarli and volixibat or other product candidates that we may develop, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We currently depend on third-party contract manufacturers for all of our required raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished products, including clinical supplies. Over the course of the development of our IBATis we have used and continue to use multiple third-party contract manufacturers. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements for commercial production of Livmarli. We do not have any current contractual arrangements for the manufacture of commercial supplies of volixibat. We currently employ internal resources and third-party consultants to manage our manufacturing contractors. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are subject to rapid and intense technological change. We face, and will continue to face, competition in the development and marketing of our products and product candidates from academic institutions, government agencies, research institutions and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval and marketing than we do. 
 Competition may also arise from, among other things, new drug development technologies, new or improved treatment options for preventing or reducing the incidence of disease in diseases our products treat and new small molecule or other classes of therapeutic agents. Such developments by competitors could reduce or eliminate the use of our products or may limit the utility and application of ongoing clinical trials for our product candidates. 
 Outside of surgery and Livmarli, there are no other approved therapies for the treatment of ALGS in the United States. There are no FDA-approved therapies for the treatment of BA or PSC in the United States. Symptomatic treatment with antipruritics, such as cholestyramine, typically provides only modest relief. Bristol Myers Squibb Company has discontinued its brand name cholestyramine, but generic versions of the drug are marketed by Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc., Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., Sandoz Inc., the generic pharmaceuticals division of Novartis AG and others. UDCA, also known as ursodiol, is marketed by a number of generic pharmaceutical companies such as Mylan Inc., Actavis Inc., Lannett Company, Inc. and Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. 
 A number of drugs, including UDCA, rifampin and naltrexone, are used off-label to treat patients suffering from cholestatic liver diseases. Additionally, surgical interventions, such as partial external biliary diversion and nasobiliary drainage, and extracorporeal liver support, such as Molecular Adsorbent Recirculation System, are also employed in an attempt to lower bile acid levels, manage pruritus and improve measures of liver function. 
 We are aware of two other companies pursuing clinical development of therapies that reduce sBA levels via the IBAT pathway. GlaxoSmithKline plc and Albireo Pharma, Inc. Albireo have IBATis in clinical development for cholestatic liver diseases. We are aware that Albireo was purchased by Ipsen Pharma Ipsen in the first quarter of 2023. We are aware that Ipsen (Albireo) has received approval for odevixibat for the treatment of pruritus in patients with PFIC in the United States and for the treatment of PFIC in Europe. Ipsen (Albireo) has been granted orphan designation for PFIC in Europe and if Livmarli is deemed similar, it could prevent the approval of Livmarli in PFIC or result in the loss of orphan designation for Livmarli for PFIC in Europe. Ipsen (Albireo) is also conducting a study of odevixibat in BA and plans to pursue other cholestatic liver diseases. We are aware that Ipsen (Albireo) has submitted an sNDA to the FDA with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act date of June 15, 2023, as well as a variation application to the EMA seeking approval for odevixibat for use in patients with ALGS. We are aware that GlaxoSmithKline plc has completed a Phase 2 trial of its IBATi in PBC patients and has initiated a Phase 3 trial 
 13 
 
 in PBC. We are also aware that Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is exploring BA as an indication for obeticholic acid. Further, we may compete with companies that are developing gene therapy for the treatment of PFIC. In adult settings of cholestasis, similar to pediatric settings, cholestyramine, UDCA, rifampin and naltrexone are commonly used agents. We are not aware of FDA approved therapeutics for the treatment of PSC. We are aware of several agents in clinical development for the treatment of PSC, including Cymabay s seladelpar, DURECT Corporation s DUR928, HighTide Biopharmaceutical Inc. s HTD1801, Immunic Therapeutics IMU-838, Intercept s Ocaliva, or obeticholic acid, NGM Biopharmaceuticals Inc. s NGM282, Escient Pharmaceuticals s EP547, Chemomab Therapeutics Ltd. s CM-101, and Pliant Therapeutics PLN-74809. Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Ocaliva is approved as a second-line treatment for PBC. We are aware of several agents in clinical development for the treatment of PBC including Cymabay s seladelpar, Ipsen s elafibranor, Zydus Therapeutics Inc. s saroglitazar magnesium, Escient Pharmaceuticals Inc. s EP547, NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. s NGM282, Calliditas Therapeutics AB s setanaxib and COUR Pharmaceuticals CNP-104. 
 Government Regulation and Product Approval 
 As a pharmaceutical company that operates globally, we are subject to extensive regulation. Government authorities in the United States (at the federal, state and local level) and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug products such as those we are developing. Generally, our activities in other countries are or will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the United States, although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in Europe are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. 
 U.S. Drug Development Process 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and implementing regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include, among other actions, refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, preclinical animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice GLP ), regulations and other applicable regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug IND ), which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an independent institutional review board IRB ), at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable regulations, including the FDA s good clinical practice GCP ), regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its proposed indication; 

submission to the FDA of an NDA for a new drug; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the NDA for review; 

14 
 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug is produced to assess compliance with the FDA s current good manufacturing practice cGMP ), requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

potential FDA inspection of the preclinical and/or clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. 

Before testing any compounds with potential therapeutic value in humans, the drug candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies, to assess the potential safety and activity of the drug candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLPs. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for human trials. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical trials and places the IND on clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a drug candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the drug candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB, at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1. The drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion, the side effects associated with increasing doses and if possible, to gain early evidence of effectiveness. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. 

Phase 2. The drug is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases or conditions and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. 

Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall benefit/risk ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. Generally, two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA. 

Post-approval studies, or Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain 
 15 
 
 instances, FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 trials. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events or any finding from tests in laboratory animals that suggests a significant risk for human subjects. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA, the IRB, or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 U.S. Review and Approval Processes 
 The results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of a product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and effectiveness of the investigational drug product to the satisfaction of the FDA. The submission of an NDA is subject to the payment of substantial user fees; a waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. 
 In addition, the Pediatric Research Equity Act PREA ), requires a sponsor to conduct pediatric clinical trials for most drugs, for a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration. Under PREA, original NDAs and supplements must contain a pediatric assessment unless the sponsor has received a deferral or waiver. The required assessment must evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The sponsor or FDA may request a deferral of pediatric clinical trials for some or all of the pediatric subpopulations. A deferral may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the drug is ready for approval for use in adults before pediatric clinical trials are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data needs to be collected before the pediatric clinical trials begin. The FDA must send a non-compliance letter to any sponsor that fails to submit the required assessment, keep a deferral current or fails to submit a request for approval of a pediatric formulation. Unless otherwise required by regulation, the Pediatric Research Equity Act does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. However, if only one indication for a product has orphan designation, a pediatric assessment may still be required for any applications to market that same product for the non-orphan indication(s). 
 The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for filing. The FDA must make a decision on accepting an NDA for filing within 60 days of receipt. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), guidelines that are currently in effect, the FDA has a goal of ten months from the date of filing of a standard NDA for a new molecular entity to review and act on the submission. This review typically takes twelve months from the date the NDA is submitted to FDA because the FDA has approximately two months to make a filing decision after it the application is submitted. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs, and the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 16 
 
 After the NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel drug products or drug products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions and typically follows the advisory committee s recommendations. 
 Before approving an NDA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP requirements. After the FDA evaluates the application, manufacturing process and manufacturing facilities, it may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data and/or (an) additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s), and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. 
 If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling or may condition the approval of the NDA on other changes to the proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct one or more post-market studies or clinical trials. For example, the FDA may require Phase 4 testing, which involves clinical trials designed to further assess a drug safety and effectiveness, and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. The FDA may also determine that a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy REMS is necessary to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or, if it affects more than 200,000 individuals in the United States, there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biological product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity or inability to manufacture the product in sufficient quantities. The designation of such drug also entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different products for the indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity. Orphan exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval of the same drug as defined by the FDA or if our 
 17 
 
 product candidate is determined to be contained within the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If an orphan designated product receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan exclusivity. Orphan drug status in the European Union has similar but not identical benefits in that jurisdiction. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA has a Fast Track designation program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drug products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Unique to a Fast Track product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the NDA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA. 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with a Fast Track designation, may also be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy for a serious condition where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new drug designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. 
 In addition, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Drug products intended to treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may be eligible for accelerated approval upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Fast track designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 A sponsor may seek FDA designation of a drug candidate as a breakthrough therapy if the drug is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes intensive FDA interaction and guidance. If a drug is designated as breakthrough therapy, the FDA will expedite the development and review of such drug. Breakthrough therapy designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance. The breakthrough therapy designation is a distinct status from both accelerated approval and priority review, which can also be granted to the same drug if relevant criteria are met. If a product is designated as breakthrough therapy, the FDA will work to expedite the development and review of such drug. 
 Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. In addition, this designation may not provide a material commercial advantage. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Any drug products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting drugs for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the drug s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific 
 18 
 
 and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. 
 In addition, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval to ensure the long-term stability of the drug product. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products in accordance with cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved NDA, including, among other things, recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. 
 The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development. 
 U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents, if granted, may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years, as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time during the patent's term between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA plus the time during the patent's term between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may intend to apply for restoration of patent term for one of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA. 
 Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a NCE. A drug is a NCE if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve or even accept for review an abbreviated new drug application ANDA ), or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug is intended for the same indication as the original innovative drug or for another indication, where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity and/or non-infringement to one of the patents listed in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (Orange Book). The FDCA alternatively 
 19 
 
 provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the modification for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the active agent for the original indication or condition of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct, or obtain a right of reference to, all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 Orphan drug exclusivity, as described above, may offer a seven-year period of marketing exclusivity for the approved indication, except in certain circumstances. Pediatric exclusivity is another type of non-patent market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 We are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. In the United States, such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, privacy and security, price reporting, and health care provider transparency or sunshine laws and regulations. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. 
 Additionally, the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute and the criminal healthcare fraud statutes (discussed below) was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ), to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act (discussed below). 
 The federal False Claims Act, as well as the civil monetary penalty law, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification to the federal False Claims Act made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Companies have also been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus non-covered, uses. 
 20 
 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA also created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) annually report information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 We may also be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and its implementing regulations, impose requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 We also are or will become subject to privacy laws in the jurisdictions in which we are established or in which we sell or market our products or run clinical trials. For example, in relation to clinical trials in Europe, we are subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the General Data Protection Regulation and similar laws in European countries outside of the EU (collectively, the GDPR ), in relation to our collection, control, processing and other use of personal data (i.e., data relating to an identifiable living individual). We process personal data in relation to participants in our clinical trials in the European Economic Area, including the health and medical information of these participants. The GDPR also provides that European Union Member States may introduce further conditions, including limitations which could limit our ability to collect, use and share personal data (including health and medical information), or could cause our compliance costs to increase, ultimately having an adverse impact on our business. The GDPR imposes onerous accountability obligations requiring data controllers and processors to maintain a record of their data processing and implement policies as part of its mandated privacy governance framework. It also requires data controllers to be transparent and disclose to data subjects (in a concise, intelligible and easily accessible form) how their personal data is to be used, imposes limitations on retention of personal data; defines for the first time pseudonymized (i.e., key-coded) data; introduces mandatory data breach notification requirements; and sets higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities. We are also subject to European Union rules with respect to cross-border transfers of personal data out of the European Union and European Economic Area. We are subject to the supervision of local data protection authorities in those European Union jurisdictions where we are established or otherwise subject to the GDPR, and we maintain an office in Switzerland, which has similar privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Fines for certain breaches of the GDPR are significant: up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of total global annual turnover. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR or other applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/change our use of data, enforcement notices, or potential civil claims including class action type litigation. 
 In addition, California recently enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California residents and honor their requests to access, delete and opt-out of certain sharing of their personal data. The CCPA, which took effect on January 1, 2020, provides for civil penalties for violations and private right of action for certain data breaches. The CCPA has expanded substantially 
 21 
 
 as a result of the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which, among other things, creates a new administrative agency to implement and enforce California s privacy laws effective January 1, 2023. While certain clinical trial activities are exempt from the CCPA s requirements, other personal data that we handle may be subject to the CCPA, which may increase our compliance costs, exposure to regulatory enforcement action and other liabilities. 
 In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, track and report gifts, compensation and other remuneration made to physicians and other healthcare providers, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including without limitation, significant civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, imprisonment, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we or our collaborators obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and other countries, sales of pharmaceuticals, including Livmarli, depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such drug products. 
 In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, government authorities, private managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical drug products and medical services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Such payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. Third party payors may require pharmaceutical companies to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of their products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Nonetheless, payors may determine that such products may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. Moreover, the process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a drug product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the drug product. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available for Livmarli and other drug products we may develop to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 
 If we elect to participate in certain governmental programs, we may be required to participate in discount and rebate programs, which may result in prices for our future products that will likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. For example, drug manufacturers participating under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program must pay rebates on prescription drugs to state Medicaid programs. Under the Veterans Health Care Act VHCA ), drug companies are required to offer certain drugs at a reduced price to a number of federal agencies, including the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense, the Public Health Service and certain private Public 
 22 
 
 Health Service designated entities in order to participate in other federal funding programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Recent legislative changes require that discounted prices be offered for certain U.S. Department of Defense purchases for its TRICARE program via a rebate system. Participation under the VHCA also requires submission of pricing data and calculation of discounts and rebates pursuant to complex statutory formulas, as well as the entry into government procurement contracts governed by the Federal Acquisition Regulations. If our products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. 
 Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Union, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular drug candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 The marketability of Livmarli and any product candidates for which we or our collaborators receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for Livmarli or any other products for which we or our collaborators receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medical products and services, implementing reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and applying new payment methodologies. For example, in March 2010, the Affordable Care Act was enacted, which affected existing government healthcare programs and resulted in the development of new programs. 
 Among the Affordable Care Act s provisions of importance to the pharmaceutical industry, in addition to those otherwise described above, are the following: 
 an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents apportioned among these entities according to their market share in some government healthcare programs; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively, and a cap on the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price AMP ); 

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturers outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals, including individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

23 
 
 expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; and 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research. 

There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, the Tax Act was enacted, which included a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Affordable Care Act on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the current administration will impact the Affordable Care Act and our business. 
 Other legislative changes have also been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect until 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. 
 There has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which pharmaceutical companies set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed federal legislation, as well as state efforts, designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products 
 At the federal level, the previous administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. For example, in July 2021 the current administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to the current administration s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. 
 At the state level, individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could 
 24 
 
 harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. 
 We anticipate that these new laws will result in additional downward pressure on coverage and the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. In addition, it is possible that there will be further legislation or regulation that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 FCPA ), prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Europe / Rest of World Government Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we or our potential collaborators obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of an application for a clinical trial authorization CTA ), much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. 
 Previously, in the European Union, pursuant to the EU Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC, a CTA had to be submitted to each country s national regulatory authority in which the clinical trial was to take place, together with an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB, respectively. Although the Directive had sought to harmonize the EU clinical trials regulatory framework, EU Member States transposed and applied the provisions of the Directive differently, leading to significant variation in the regulatory regimes of the member states. In 2014, a new Clinical Trials Regulation 536/2014, replacing the current Directive, was adopted. The new Regulation is directly applicable in all EU Member States (without national implementation) and entered into application on 31 January 2022. The new Regulation seeks to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the European Union. Pursuant to the Regulation, the sponsor shall submit a single CTA via the EMA s Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS, which will cover all regulatory and ethics assessments from the member states concerned. 
 Any submissions made from January 31, 2023 onwards must be made through CTIS and all trials authorized pursuant to the Directive that are still ongoing on January 31, 2025 must be made through CTIS. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a member state s requirements, clinical trial development may proceed. Approval and monitoring of clinical trials in the European Union is, as it was under the Directive, the responsibility of individual member states, but compared to the position prior to the applicability of the Clinical Trials Regulation there is likely to be more collaboration, information-sharing, and decision-making between member states. The new Regulation also aims to streamline and simplify the rules on safety reporting and introduces enhanced transparency requirements, such as mandatory submission of a summary of the clinical trial results to a new EU database. 
 The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 25 
 
 To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug or biological product under European Union regulatory systems, we must submit an MAA either under the so-called centralized or national authorization procedures. 
 Centralized procedure . The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission (following the EMA s Committee for Medical Products for Human Use adopting a positive opinion) that is valid in all European Union member states, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicines produced by specified biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of specified diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders or autoimmune diseases, other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for other products that represent a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or whose authorization would be in the interest of public health or which contain a new active substance for indications other than those specified to be compulsory. 
 National authorization procedures. There are also two other possible routes to authorize medicinal products in several European Union countries, which are available for investigational medicinal products that fall outside the scope of the centralized procedure: 
 Decentralized procedure. Using the decentralized procedure, an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorizations in more than one European Union Member State of medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any European Union Member State and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. 

Mutual recognition procedure. In the mutual recognition procedure, a medicine is first authorized in one European Union Member State, in accordance with the national procedures of that country. Following this, further marketing authorizations can be sought from other European Union countries in a procedure whereby the countries concerned agree to recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. 

The EMA grants orphan drug designation to promote the development of products for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than five in 10,000 people in the European Union. In addition, orphan drug designation can be granted if the drug is intended for a life threatening or chronically debilitating condition in the European Union and without incentives it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the European Union would be sufficient to justify the investment required to develop the drug. Orphan drug designation is only available if there is no other satisfactory method approved in the European Union of diagnosing, preventing or treating the condition, or if such a method exists, the proposed orphan drug will be of significant benefit to patients. Orphan drug designation provides opportunities for free or reduced-fee protocol assistance, fee reductions for MAAs and other post-authorization activities and ten years of market exclusivity following drug approval, which can be extended to 12 years if trials are conducted in accordance with an agreed-upon pediatric investigational plan. During the exclusivity period, the EMA and the relevant regulatory authorities of EU Member States may not accept another application for, or grant, a marketing authorization for the same indication in respect of a similar product. The exclusivity period may be reduced to six years if the designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 
 For other countries outside of the European Union, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 196 employees, all of whom are full-time, consisting of clinical, research, operations, finance and business development personnel. Twenty-six of our employees hold Ph.D. or M.D. 
 26 
 
 degrees. Further, 157 of our employees are located in the United Sates, and 29 are located in Switzerland, two in the Netherlands, three in Italy, three in Germany and two in France. As of December 31, 2022, none of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 We expect to continue to add employees in 2023, with a focus on clinical, research and development and commercialization activities. We continually evaluate the business need and opportunity to expand our team and balance in-house expertise and capacity with outsourced expertise and capacity. Currently, we outsource substantial clinical trial work to clinical research organizations and drug manufacturing to contract manufacturers. 
 We maintain a safety culture grounded on the premise of eliminating workplace incidents, risks and hazards. In response to COVID-19, we have implemented and continue to enhance safety measures in all our facilities, including establishing clear and regular COVID-19 policies, safety protocols and updates to all employees. 
 We believe our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We invest in the growth and development of our employees through various training and development programs that build and strengthen employees leadership and professional skills. We also have processes in place to conduct activities like performance management, succession and workforce planning in order to support our employees in their growth and development and ensure we provide learning opportunities. 
 To continually assess and improve our employee retention and engagement, we conduct an engagement survey on a regular basis, the results of which are discussed with our board of directors, at all-hands employee meetings and in individual functions. We take actions to address areas of employment concern and follow up routinely to share with employees what we are doing. 
 We strive toward having a diverse team of employees and are committed to equality, inclusion and workplace diversity. To accomplish this, we have included questions in our engagement survey to measure employee perception of inclusive culture. In 2020, we established a Culture Team that now consists of two sub-teams, one internationally and one in the United States with over 25 employees across a representative cross-section of departments. Amongst other initiatives, our Culture Team engages in continual discussions across the various business functions to identify potential actions to address areas of improvement and is focused on building accountability across the organization to ensure we meet our diversity objectives. Our 2023 engagement survey that we conducted using Culture Amp, concluded with a 96 participation rate and a 90 overall engagement score. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in May 2018. Our principal executive offices are located at 950 Tower Lane, Suite 1050, Foster City, California 94404, and our telephone number is (650) 667-4085. Our corporate website address is www.mirumpharma.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this Annual Report, and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. Our design logo, Mirum, and our other registered and common law trade names, trademarks and service marks are the property of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ). We may take advantage of certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal control over financial reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting firm under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments. We may take advantage of these exemptions until December 31, 2024 or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. We will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such period if certain earlier events occur, including if we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt in any three-year period. 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging 
 27 
 
 growth company to delay the adoption of accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have not elected to avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 28 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described when evaluating our business. 
 Risks Related to Commercialization of Products and Development of our Product Candidates 
 Livmarli is our only FDA and EMA-approved product and the success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to market and sell Livmarli profitably. 
 Livmarli is approved by the FDA for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS one year of age and older and by the EMA for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months of age and older. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to market and sell Livmarli profitably. Our successful commercialization of Livmarli depends on a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 
 
 our ability to grow and maintain our sales team and scale our distribution capabilities in the United States U.S. and certain countries in the Europe; 

the availability of adequate reimbursement for Livmarli and a commercially viable sales price of Livmarli; 

acceptance by physicians, payors and patients of the benefits, safety and efficacy of Livmarli, including relative to alternative and competing treatments; 

a continued acceptable safety profile of Livmarli; 

the effect of recent or potential health care legislation and regulatory changes in the U.S. and the European Union EU ); 

our ability to successfully obtain the substances and materials used in manufacturing Livmarli from third parties and to have finished product manufactured by third parties in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities for our commercial needs; 

our ability to establish and enforce intellectual property rights in and to Livmarli and avoid third-party patent interference or intellectual property infringement claims; and 

sufficient patient population that would benefit from Livmarli as ALGS is a rare disease and the patient population is small. 

If one or more of the above factors is not present, many of which are beyond our control, in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to market and sell Livmarli profitably, which would harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 If we are unable to adequately grow, maintain and scale our marketing and sales capabilities or enter into or maintain rights pursuant to agreements with third parties to market and sell Livmarli, we may not be able to generate viable Livmarli revenues. 
 To successfully commercialize Livmarli we must grow, maintain and appropriately scale our marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. The majority of pediatric cholestatic patients are treated at tertiary care centers and transplant centers and therefore can be addressed with a targeted sales force. We have established our own commercial capabilities in the U.S. to target these centers. We are also in the process of further establishing our capabilities in certain major European markets and Canada and have entered into a limited number of partner and distributor agreements in other select geographies. We plan to continue to evaluate opportunities to partner with pharmaceutical companies that 
 29 
 
 have established sales and marketing capabilities to commercialize Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved, outside of these geographies. Our projections of the commercial and sales needs to target these markets may not be accurate. If we are materially off from our projections, our business and operating results would be harmed. 
 The growth and maintenance of our own sales force to market Livmarli are expensive and time-consuming. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully or adequately develop this capability for our product candidates in development. We compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of Livmarli, and any agreements with such third parties may not be on terms that are favorable to us. To the extent we do rely on third parties to commercialize Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved, we may have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties and our revenues from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our product candidates ourselves. In addition, we have entered into a limited number of partner and distributor agreements. Any loss, commercial failure, or termination of rights pursuant to these agreements could delay or hinder our commercialization efforts. 
 In the event we are unable to successfully grow and maintain our marketing and sales force or collaborate with a third-party marketing and sales organization, we would not be able to commercialize Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved, and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects would be materially adversely affected. 
 Our commercial success may be severely hindered if we are unable to obtain and/or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for Livmarli and any future product candidates, if approved. 
 The availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from private third-party payors such as pharmacy benefit managers and commercial insurers, and governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicaid, is critical to the commercial success of Livmarli in the U.S. and in international markets. Coverage for Livmarli may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 increasing and intense pressure from political, social, competitive and other sources to reduce drug unit costs or limit changes in list price; 

changes in federal, state or foreign government regulations or private third-party payors reimbursement policies; 

reimbursement decisions and price negotiations with foreign government payors; 

consolidation and increasing assertiveness of commercial payors seeking net price reduction via drug rebates and other forms of discounts linked to the placement of Livmarli on their formularies; and 

the imposition of restrictions on access or coverage of particular drugs or pricing. 

A trend in the healthcare industry is cost containment. Third-party payors are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs by, among other methods, limiting or preventing (for example via prior authorization, prior therapy or step edit requirements) coverage for particular medications, requiring drug companies to provide them with varying levels of discounts from list prices and/or challenging the value of list prices charged for medical products. Similarly, the containment of healthcare costs has become a priority for federal and state governments around the world. Coverage decisions may depend upon the size of a patient population, perceptions of clinical efficacy and economic standards that may disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. 
 Coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly across payors. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of Livmarli to each third-party payor separately, with no assurance that coverage will be obtained or maintained. Additionally, coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. 
 In many foreign countries, including Member States of the EU, the pricing of prescription drugs is subject to governmental control and the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. In such countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after receipt of 
 30 
 
 regulatory approval for a product. In addition, there can be considerable pressure by governments and other stakeholders on prices and reimbursement levels. For instance, governmental authorities in the EU and third-party payors could base pricing and reimbursement terms on what they perceive to be comparable products, even if approved for different indications. These pricing and reimbursement decisions may impact the pricing and reimbursement of Livmarli in such jurisdictions. Moreover, political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations often continue after coverage and reimbursement have been obtained. Reference pricing or pricing comparisons to our competitors used by various countries and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced countries, can further reduce prices. Publication of discounts by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. 
 Historically, products launched in the EU and other foreign countries do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower and the time to obtain pricing and reimbursement approvals is significantly longer. If pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels or if reimbursement of Livmarli and any future product candidates, if approved, is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, our revenues from sales by us or our partners and the potential profitability of our approved products or any future product candidates, if approved, in those countries would be negatively affected. 
 Livmarli or any one of our product candidates, if approved, may fail to achieve the market acceptance among physicians, patients and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 The commercial success of Livmarli or any one of our product candidates, if approved, depends significantly on the market acceptance among physicians, patients, tertiary care centers, transplant centers and others in the medical community. The degree and rate of market acceptance depends on a number of factors, including, among other things: 
 
 patient demand; 

the availability of adequate reimbursement from private third-party payors and government authorities; 

the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors and government authorities; 

the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments and patients willingness to pay for Livmarli or our then-approved products, including relative to discretionary items; 

our ability to successfully compete with available off-label therapies, future approved therapies, and therapies in development and available for use through expanded access programs; 

acceptance by physicians, patients, tertiary care centers, transplant centers and others in the medical community that Livmarli or our then-approved product candidates are safe and effective treatments; 

physician and patient willingness to adopt a new therapy over other available therapies, including, for Livmarli, to treat cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS; 

limitations, warnings or adverse drug reactions contained in the labeling or product inserts approved by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, and patients and physicians assessment of these limitations and warnings; 

overcoming any biases physicians or patients may have toward particular therapies for the treatment of the indications Livmarli or our then-approved product candidates are approved for; 

patients and caregivers properly using Livmarli or our then-approved product candidates as instructed; 

the prevalence and severity of side effects from the use or potential misuse of Livmarli or our then-approved product candidates; 

relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies, and patient satisfaction with the overall treatment experience; 

the ability of specialty pharmacies we contract with to process prescriptions and dispense Livmarli or our then-approved product candidates and the processes required to place orders with those pharmacies; 

31 
 
 the ability of our patient services hub to provide adequate support for patients and physicians to prescribe and access Livmarli and our then-approved product candidates; 

the timing of market introduction of Livmarli and any then-approved product as well as competitive products; 

the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and distribution efforts and those of the third parties with whom we contract; 

adverse publicity about Livmarli or our then-approved product candidates or favorable publicity about competitive products; 

potential product liability claims; 

our ability to manage our growth and operations to effectively support our commercialization activities; and 

for Livmarli, patient satisfaction leading to a high percentage of patients deriving clinical benefit and staying on Livmarli chronically in the real world setting, as has been seen in clinical trials. 

If Livmarli or any of our then-approved product candidates fails to achieve the market acceptance among physicians, patients, tertiary care centers, transplant centers and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success, our operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected, which may delay, prevent or limit our ability to generate revenue and continue our business. 
 Livmarli and our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could limit Livmarli s commercial profile, expose us to product liability claims, delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates or additional indications, or result in significant negative consequences following any additional marketing approval, any of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 As is the case with biopharmaceuticals generally, it is likely that there may be side effects and adverse events AEs associated with our product candidates use. Results of our clinical trials and expanded access program could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities. The drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 In clinical trials of Livmarli, the most commonly reported AEs were diarrhea, abdominal pain and vomiting, and were mostly mild to moderate in severity and transient in nature. Additionally, AEs reported in greater than 5 of patients included fat-soluble vitamin deficiency, nausea, liver transaminase increases, gastrointestinal bleeding and bone fracture. The frequency of observed AEs has not increased over time. In Phase 1 clinical trials of volixibat, the most common AEs reported were mild to moderate GI events observed in the volixibat groups. 
 Additionally, in respect of Livmarli or if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by Livmarli or such product candidates or other products with the same or related active ingredients, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including, among other things: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product, including the FDA or EMA withdrawing approval for Livmarli; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label; 

regulatory authorities may require a recall or we or our potential partners may voluntarily recall such product; 

we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients at significant cost or instate a REMS; 

32 
 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of warnings, such as black box or other warnings, or contraindications in the product labeling that could diminish the usage of the product or otherwise limit the commercial success of Livmarli or the affected product; 

our ability to promote Livmarli and any then-approved product may be limited and we could be required to change administration of, or modify, such product in some other way; 

regulatory authorities may require us to modify, suspend or terminate our clinical trials, conduct additional clinical trials or engage in costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of such product; 

undesirable side effects may limit physicians or patients willingness to initiate or continue therapy with such product; 

sales may decrease significantly; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our corporate brand and reputation or the reputation of Livmarli and any then-approved product may suffer. 

Such events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of Livmarli or the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs in the U.S., we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, fines, sanctions and exposure under other laws which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We participate in, or are subject to, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, as administered by Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), and other federal and state government pricing programs in the U.S., and we may participate, or be asked to participate, in additional government pricing programs or supplemental rebates in the future. These programs generally require us to pay rebates or otherwise provide discounts to government payors in connection with drugs that are dispensed to beneficiaries/recipients of these programs. In some cases, such as with the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the rebates are based on pricing that we report to the government agencies that administer the programs. Pricing requirements and rebate/discount calculations are complex, vary among products and programs, and are often subject to interpretation by governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts. The requirements of these programs, including, by way of example, their respective terms and scope, change frequently. For example, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer s price AMP ), for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. Responding to current and future changes may increase our costs, and the complexity of compliance will be time consuming. Invoicing for rebates is provided in arrears, and there is frequently a time lag of up to several months between the sales to which rebate notices relate and our receipt of those notices, which further complicates our ability to accurately estimate and accrue for rebates related to the Medicaid program as implemented by individual states. Thus, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify all factors that may cause our discount and rebate payment obligations to vary from period to period, and our actual results may differ significantly from our estimated allowances for discounts and rebates. Changes in estimates and assumptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS Office of Inspector General and other Congressional, enforcement and administrative bodies have recently increased their focus on pricing requirements for products, including, but not limited to the methodologies used by manufacturers to calculate AMP, and best price, for compliance with reporting requirements under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Additionally, several states have a practice of asking or are increasing activity in requesting supplemental rebates for covered products. We are liable for errors associated with our submission of pricing data and for any overcharging of government payors. For example, failure to submit monthly/quarterly AMP and best price data on a timely basis could result in significant civil monetary penalties for each day the submission is late beyond the due date. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify overpayments could result in allegations against us under the civil False Claims Act and other laws and regulations. Any required refunds to the U.S. government or responding to a government investigation or enforcement action would be expensive and time 
 33 
 
 consuming and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in the event that the CMS were to terminate our rebate agreement, no federal payments would be available under Medicaid or Medicare for our covered outpatient drugs. 
 We may face product liability exposure, and if claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability if our insurance coverage for those claims is inadequate. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability suits for Livmarli and our product candidates. Livmarli and our product candidates are designed to affect important bodily functions and processes. Any side effects, manufacturing defects, failure to follow instructions, misuse or abuse associated with Livmarli or our product candidates could result in injury to a patient or even death. In addition, a liability claim may be brought against us even if Livmarli or our product candidates merely appear to have caused an injury. Product liability claims may be brought against us by, among others, consumers, their family members, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our product or product candidates. If we are the target of product liability claims, we will incur substantial legal costs, potential liabilities and could incur reputational harm if we do not successfully defend ourselves. 
 In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in, among other things: 
 the inability to commercialize Livmarli or our product candidates, if approved; 

decreased demand for Livmarli or our product candidates; 

termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

product recall or withdrawal from the market or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

impairment of our business reputation and negative media attention; 

substantial costs of any related litigation or similar disputes; 

distraction of management s attention and other resources and employees from our primary business; 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants against us that may not be covered by insurance; and 

loss of revenue. 

Large judgments have been awarded in class action and individual lawsuits based on drugs that had anticipated or unanticipated side effects. Although we have obtained product liability insurance coverage, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our product liability related expenses or losses and may not cover us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost, in sufficient amounts or upon adequate terms to protect us against losses due to product liability. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and could harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 If we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses of Livmarli, or unapproved uses of our other product candidates, if approved, or if physicians misuse or use off-label Livmarli or our other product candidates, if approved, we may become subject to prohibitions on the sale or marketing of such products, product liability claims and significant fines, penalties and sanctions, and our brand and reputation could be harmed. 
 The FDA, EMA and comparable regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing and promotional claims that are made about drug and biologic products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses or indications that are not approved by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities as reflected in the product s approved labeling and comparative safety or efficacy claims cannot be made without direct comparative clinical data. For example, although Livmarli may appeal to individuals who have not been diagnosed with cholestatic pruritus associated with ALGS or suffer from other forms of cholestatic pruritus, we are only able to promote Livmarli in the U.S. for cholestatic pruritus associated with ALGS in patients one year of age and older and in the EU for the 
 34 
 
 treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months of age and older. If we are found to have promoted off-label uses of Livmarli or our other product candidates, if approved, we may receive warning or untitled letters and become subject to significant criminal and civil liability, which would materially harm our business. Further, both federal and state governments have levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper off-label promotion and have enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion and to undertake corrective remedies. 
 If we become the target of such an investigation or prosecution based on our marketing and promotional practices, we could face similar sanctions, which would materially harm our business. In addition, management s attention could be diverted from our business operations, significant legal expenses could be incurred and our brand and reputation could be damaged. In some instances, the FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we are deemed by the FDA to have engaged in the promotion of off-label uses, we could be subject to FDA regulatory or enforcement actions as well as by other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities that might take action if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant penalties, including criminal, civil or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. For example, if such off-label promotion results in the submission of a reimbursement claim to a governmental healthcare program, we could be found liable under the U.S. False Claims Act. In cases where off-label promotion has resulted in violations of other statutes, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ has also required companies to enter into deferred prosecution agreements or corporate integrity agreements. 
 Livmarli and our product candidates are subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. We may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with any product. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including post-market studies or clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor safety and effectiveness. The FDA may also require a REMS in order to approve a product candidate, which could entail requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities approve a product candidate, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, post-marketing obligations, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for the approved product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. For example, we are subject to ongoing FDA and EMA obligations and continued regulatory review with respect to, among other things, the manufacturing, processing, labeling, packaging, distribution, AE reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for Livmarli, which requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMP requirements and with the FDA s good clinical practice GCP ). 
 In addition, Livmarli was the subject of a marketing authorization granted by the European Commission in accordance with Article 14.8 of the EMA Regulations under exceptional circumstances. This type of authorization is reviewed annually to reassess the risk-benefit balance of the medicinal product. The purpose of any specific procedures/obligations imposed as part of the marketing authorization granted in exceptional circumstances is to contribute to the provision of information on the safe and effective use of the product. Grant of a marketing authorization in exceptional circumstances is for a renewable period of one year and will normally not lead to the completion of a full dossier/approval. In addition, we are subject to FDA and EMA post-marketing requirements including the conduct and submission of non-clinical, clinical and registry studies and the FDA s and EMA s prohibition against marketing Livmarli for uses that are not approved by the FDA and EMA, respectively, as reflected in Livmarli s approved labeling. These and similar requirements could be imposed by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities for any approved product. 
 In addition, manufacturers of drug and biologic products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations. If we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where, or processes by which, the product is manufactured, such events may result in, among other things: 
 35 
 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines, untitled letters, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA or EMA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of a product; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The occurrence of any event or penalty described above or any similar event or penalty may inhibit our ability to commercialize Livmarli or our product candidates and generate revenue and could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. 
 The FDA s, EMA s and comparable regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval for our product candidates or restrict marketing of Livmarli and any then-approved product. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may pursue approval in the U.S. or certain countries in Europe using accelerated approval, exceptional circumstances or conditional approval pathways, which typically require commitments to complete additional clinical trials. The additional clinical trials may not confirm the treatment effect, which may result in the loss of marketing authorization under accelerated approval, exceptional circumstances or conditional approval. 
 Our business depends, in part, on the success of our product candidates, each of which requires significant clinical testing before we can seek regulatory approval and potentially launch commercial sales. 
 Our business and future success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize our product candidates. Our product candidates will require clinical development, regulatory review and approval in multiple jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. Further, we are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approvals for our product candidates. 
 Our clinical trials may not be successful and may not be completed on time or at all, and the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials. For example, in certain of our ongoing clinical trials, the primary efficacy endpoint is a patient-reported outcome or a caregiver-reported outcome measuring the decrease in severity of pruritus. The FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may not accept such patient-reported outcomes or caregiver-reported outcomes as validated. If modifications are needed for our study design to support the submission of an application for marketing approval, incorporating such modifications may be costly and could lead to delays in obtaining approval from the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, which may significantly, adversely and materially affect our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Further, even if we make changes to the study design to address these considerations, the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may not approve our product candidates. 
 Even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of our clinical trials, such regulatory authorities may change their requirements in the future. In addition, even if the clinical trials are successfully completed, the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may not interpret the results as we do, and more clinical trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. For example, the FDA typically requires results from two well controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to support an NDA submission seeking approval to market a new drug. We believe that the results from our single Phase 3 clinical trial, will be sufficient to support an NDA supplement seeking approval for Livmarli for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus associated with PFIC; however, the FDA may not agree to this approach. We reported positive topline data for our MARCH Phase 3 clinical trial for PFIC in October 2022. However, the FDA may require us to conduct additional Phase 3 trials before we are able to obtain approval for this indication, if ever. 
 36 
 
 To the extent that the results of our clinical trials are not satisfactory to the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, approval for our product candidates may be significantly delayed or prevented, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional clinical trials in support of potential approval for our product candidates. 
 We have encountered and may continue to encounter delays and difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, and as a result, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 Patient enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is generally affected by many factors including, but not limited to, the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. 
 Further, each indication for which we are evaluating Livmarli and volixibat is a rare cholestatic liver disease with limited patient populations from which to draw participants in clinical trials. We will be required to identify and enroll a sufficient number of patients with the disease under investigation for each of our ongoing and planned clinical trials of Livmarli and volixibat. Potential patients may not be adequately diagnosed or identified with the diseases which we are targeting or may not meet the entry criteria for our trials. In addition, patients may ultimately decide not to enroll in a particular clinical trial for reasons outside of our control. We are also conducting clinical trials in countries that have not yet had Livmarli or volixibat trials conducted and we have not yet worked with such foreign regulatory authorities. As a result, we could face patient recruitment issues in certain countries where such foreign regulatory authorities are not familiar with Livmarli or volixibat. Additionally, other pharmaceutical companies targeting these same cholestatic liver diseases are recruiting clinical trial patients from these patient populations, and have expanded access programs available, which may delay or make it more difficult to fully enroll our clinical trials. Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for any of our current or future clinical trials would result in significant delays. As a result, we may need to delay the completion of such trials beyond our expected timelines or abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. 
 Our clinical trials may fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which could prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of a product candidate, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that a product candidate is both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Clinical trials often fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy of the product candidate studied for the target indication. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. In the case of Livmarli and volixibat, we are seeking to develop treatments for rare cholestatic liver diseases for which there is limited clinical experience, and our planned clinical trials use novel end points and measurement methodologies, which add complexity to the conduct of and analysis of data from our clinical trials and may delay or prevent regulatory approval. Importantly, because the measure of pruritus relies on subjective patient feedback, it is inherently difficult to evaluate, and is subject to placebo effect. It can be influenced by factors outside of our control and can vary widely from day to day for a particular patient, and from patient to patient and site to site within a clinical trial. The placebo effect may also have a significant impact on pruritus trials. 
 Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. For example, volixibat has been evaluated primarily for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and has not been evaluated in PSC or PBC, and our clinical development strategy is predicated on observations of IBAT inhibition in cholestatic settings. Similarly, Livmarli has not yet been evaluated in BA. As such, our hypothesis of efficacy in these diseases will be evaluated in these target patient populations and may not show the desired clinical results. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or safety profiles, 
 37 
 
 notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. Further, if patients drop out of our clinical trials, miss scheduled doses or follow-up visits or otherwise fail to follow clinical trial protocols, or if our clinical trials are otherwise disrupted, the integrity of data from our clinical trials may be compromised or not accepted by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, which would represent a significant setback for the applicable program. Additional safety data generated from our expanded access program and post-marketing studies could be different from, including less favorable than, the data generated and discussed with regulatory authorities to date. Our clinical trials may not be successful, and any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of our product candidates in other indications. 
 Any delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our clinical trials could result in increased costs for us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. 
 Before we can initiate clinical trials for our product candidates, we must submit the results of preclinical studies to the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities along with other information, including information about product candidate chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and our proposed clinical trial protocol, as part of an IND application or similar regulatory filing. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming and uncertain as to outcome. 
 We do not know whether our planned clinical trials will begin on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 
 the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities disagreeing as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials or agreement to commence our clinical trials; 

the FDA s, EMA s or comparable regulatory authorities failure to accept our proposed manufacturing processes and suppliers and/or requirement to provide additional information regarding our manufacturing processes before providing marketing authorization; 

any failure or delay in reaching an agreement with CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

obtaining approval from one or more institutional review boards IRBs ); 

IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the clinical trial at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing their approval of the clinical trial; 

changes to clinical trial protocol; 

selection of clinical end points that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or analysis of the resulting data; 

sites deviating from clinical trial protocol or dropping out of a clinical trial; 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of product candidate or obtaining sufficient quantities of combination therapies for use in clinical trials; 

subjects failing to enroll or remain in our trial at the rate we expect, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 

subjects choosing an alternative treatment for the indication for which we are developing our product candidates, or participating in competing clinical trials; 

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial; 

subjects experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related AEs; 

occurrence of serious adverse events SAEs in clinical trials of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 

38 
 
 a facility manufacturing our product candidates or any of their components being ordered by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to temporarily or permanently shut down due to violations of cGMP, regulations or other applicable requirements, or infections or cross-contaminations of product candidates in the manufacturing process; 

any changes to our manufacturing process, suppliers or formulation that may be necessary or desired; 

the impact of geopolitical and macroeconomic developments on our ongoing and planned clinical trials. 

failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, suspension or termination. 

Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign countries presents additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks relevant to such foreign countries. 
 Moreover, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities. The FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study. The FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of one or more of our product candidates. 
 If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue from any of these product candidates will be delayed. Moreover, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any delays to our clinical trials that occur as a result could shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our product candidates could be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation and compliance, which is costly and time consuming, and such regulation may cause unanticipated delays or prevent the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize our product candidates. 
 The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S., the EMA in the EU and by comparable regulatory authorities in other markets. In the U.S., we are not permitted to market our product candidates until we receive regulatory approval from the FDA. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Approval policies or regulations may change, and regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of product candidates, regulatory approval is never guaranteed. 
 Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize a product candidate in the U.S. or internationally, we must demonstrate with substantial evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, that such product candidates are safe and effective for their 
 39 
 
 intended uses. Results from non-clinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe the non-clinical or clinical data for our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities. The FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, as the case may be, may also require us to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates either prior to or post-approval, or may object to elements of our clinical development program. For example, we recently announced positive results from our Phase 3 MARCH clinical trial of Livmarli in PFIC. We plan to submit these data to regulatory authorities for the treatment of pruritus due to PFIC, but regulatory authorities may not agree with our interpretation of the results and may not grant approval. 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 
 the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials or the validation of our caregiver and patient reported outcome instruments; 

serious and unexpected drug-related side effects may be experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar to our product candidates; 

the population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 

the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may not accept clinical data from trials which are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from that of the U.S.; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for any of its proposed indications; 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to satisfy the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to support the submission of an NDA or other comparable submissions in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere; 

approval or orphan status may be blocked or rejected by the FDA or the EMA; 

the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Any of the above events could prevent us from achieving market approval of our product candidates and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates. The demand for our product candidates could also be negatively impacted by any adverse effects of a competitor s product or treatment. 
 Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. The lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Even if we eventually complete clinical trials and receive approval of an NDA or foreign marketing application for our product candidates, the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and/or the implementation of a REMS, which may be required to ensure safe use of the drug after approval. For example, we 
 40 
 
 have submitted an sNDA to the FDA in February 2022 for Livmarli in PFIC, which may not result in approval or may result in approval contingent on additional clinical trials or implementation of a REMS. The FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities also may approve a product candidate for a more limited indication or patient population than we originally requested, and the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling that we believe is necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of a product. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval would delay or prevent commercialization of that product candidate and would materially adversely impact our business and prospects. 
 If we fail to develop and commercialize additional product candidates, we may be unable to grow our business. Further, we may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 
 We plan to acquire rights to develop and commercialize product candidates in addition to Livmarli and volixibat. If we decide to pursue the development and commercialization of any additional product candidates, we may be required to invest significant resources to acquire or in-license the rights to such product candidates or to conduct drug discovery activities. We do not currently have the necessary drug discovery personnel or expertise adequate to discover and develop an additional product candidate on our own. Any other product candidates will require additional, time-consuming development efforts, and significant financial resources, prior to commercial sale, including preclinical studies, extensive clinical trials and approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to the risks of failure that are inherent in pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that the product candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and/or effective for approval by regulatory authorities. Because we have limited financial and personnel resources, we focus on specific product candidates for specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. We may focus our efforts and resources on product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
 In addition, we may not be able to acquire, discover or develop any additional product candidates, and any additional product candidates we may develop may not be approved, manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized or widely accepted in the marketplace or be more effective than other commercially available alternatives. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources whether or not we ultimately identify any candidates. If we are unable to develop or commercialize any other product candidates, our business and prospects will suffer. 
 If we fail to develop our current and any future product candidates for additional indications, our commercial opportunity will be limited. 
 One of our strategies is to pursue clinical development of Livmarli and volixibat in additional cholestatic disease conditions such as PFIC, BA, PSC and PBC. 
 Developing, obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing Livmarli and volixibat for additional indications will require substantial additional funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. We may not be able to successfully advance any of these indications through the development process. Even if we receive regulatory approval to market Livmarli and volixibat for the treatment of any of these additional indications, any such additional indications may not be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or more effective than other commercially available alternatives. If we are unable to successfully develop and commercialize Livmarli and volixibat for these additional indications, our commercial opportunity will be limited. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have incurred net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. 
 Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate 
 41 
 
 adequate effectiveness in the targeted indication or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We have only one product approved for commercial sale, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred net losses since our inception in May 2018. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported a net loss of 135.7 million and 84.0 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 392.8 million. 
 We expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we continue our clinical development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates and as we continue commercializing Livmarli in the U.S. and in the certain countries in Europe. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. For example, we have generated limited product revenues from Livmarli and Livmarli may not be successfully commercialized. Our prior net losses and expected future net losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses, or when, if at all, we will be able to achieve profitability. 
 Unfavorable geopolitical and macroeconomic developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by conditions in the U.S. and global economies, the U.S. and global financial markets and adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions. General business and economic conditions that could affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include fluctuations in economic growth, debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of credit, investor and consumer confidence, and the strength of the economies in which we, our manufacturers and our suppliers operate. For example, inflation rates, particularly in the U.S., have increased recently to levels not seen in years, and increased inflation may result in increases in our operating costs (including our labor costs), reduced liquidity and limits on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise capital on acceptable terms, if at all. In response to rising inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates, which, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. Risks of a prolonged global economic downturn are particularly true in Europe, which is undergoing a continued severe economic crisis. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers and manufacturers, possibly resulting in supply disruption. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 Additionally, financial markets around the world experienced volatility due to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia. In connection with the military conflict, the U.S., United Kingdom and EU, along with others, imposed significant sanctions and export controls against Russia, Russian banks and certain Russian individuals and may implement additional sanctions or take further punitive actions in the future. The full economic and social impact of the sanctions imposed on Russia (as well as possible future punitive measures that may be implemented), as well as the counter measures imposed by Russia, in addition to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, which could conceivably expand into the surrounding region, remains uncertain; however, both the conflict and related sanctions have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability, supply chain continuity and reduced access to liquidity in both Europe and globally, and has introduced significant uncertainty into global markets. In particular, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and related sanctions has contributed to rapidly rising costs of living (driven largely by higher energy prices) in Europe and other advanced economies. Further, a weak or declining economy could strain our suppliers and manufacturers, possibly resulting in additional supply disruption for the production of Livmarli. As a result, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, particularly to the extent it escalates to involve additional countries, further economic sanctions or wider military conflict. We have operations, as well as current and potential new suppliers and manufacturers, throughout Europe. If economic conditions in Europe and other key markets for our business remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we could experience adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 42 
 
 Our business has been and could continue to be adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations. 
 Our business has been and could continue to be adversely affected by the global COVID-19 pandemic. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented and continue to enhance safety measures in all our facilities, which may negatively impact our business and clinical programs. For instance, we modified our workforce to operate, and still do operate, in a hybrid remote-in office manner. As public health directives surrounding the pandemic have relaxed, we have modified our safety measures, taking into consideration government restrictions, employee safety, and health risks. Our approach may vary among geographies depending on appropriate health protocols, and may change at any time in response to changes in the COVID-19 pandemic. The status of global economic recovery remains uncertain and unpredictable, and we will continue to be impacted by developments in the pandemic including any subsequent waves of outbreak or new variant strains of COVID-19 which may require re-closures or other preventative measures. The COVID-19 pandemic may also have long-term effects on the nature of the office environment and remote working, which may present risks for our strategy, operational, talent recruiting and retention, and workplace culture. These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience, or continue to experience, ongoing disruptions that could severely impact our business, clinical trials and our commercialization efforts, including: 
 disruption of our commercial supply chain, including at international ports of entry, which may lead to delay or loss of revenue, increased costs and negative effects to the transport of clinical trial materials; 

disruption or delay of physicians seeing patients in person which may prevent such physicians from prescribing Livmarli; 

delays or difficulties in enrolling and retaining patients in our ongoing and planned clinical trials or recruiting and retaining principal investigators and site staff; 

changes in local regulations as part of a response to COVID-19, which may require us and our clinical research organizations CROs to implement costly changes to the ways in which our clinical trials are conducted; 

increase utilization of our patient assistance or free drug program as a result of an increased proportion of uninsured patients in the U.S.; 

risk that participants enrolled in our clinical trials will acquire COVID-19 while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; and 

refusal of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies, or the inability of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to timely inspect clinical and manufacturing sites and review our NDAs and MAAs. 

We and our CROs have also made certain adjustments to the operation of our trials in an effort to ensure the monitoring and safety of patients and minimize risks to trial integrity during the pandemic in accordance with the guidance issued by the FDA, and may need to make further adjustments in the future. For example, in our ongoing clinical trials, we have adopted new protocols to allow for flexibility surrounding patient visits, including to have drugs shipped to patients and for patients to virtually check-in as opposed to attending standard hospital visits. These adjustments may not be effective, and may have unforeseen effects on the progress and completion of our clinical trials and the findings from our clinical trials. These events could delay our clinical trials, increase the cost of completing our clinical trials and negatively impact the integrity, reliability or robustness of the data from our clinical trials. 
 COVID-19 and actions taken to reduce its spread continue to evolve. The extent to which COVID-19 may impede the development and commercialization of our product candidates, affect our ability to market and sell Livmarli, reduce the productivity of our employees, disrupt our supply chains, delay our clinical trials, reduce our access to capital or limit our business development activities, will depend on future developments, including, without limitation, the effectiveness of government policies, vaccine mandates, vaccine shortages and administration rates, the emergence of new strains or variants of the virus, and other factors that are not foreseeable. Such 
 43 
 
 developments are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence and any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, to the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this Risk Factors section. 
 If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our future revenue may be adversely affected, and our business may suffer. 
 If the size of the market opportunities in each of our target indications is smaller than we anticipate, we may not be able to achieve profitability and growth. We focus our clinical development of Livmarli on treatments for rare pediatric cholestatic liver diseases with relatively small patient populations. Given the small number of patients who have the diseases that we are targeting with Livmarli, it is critical to our ability to grow and become profitable that we continue to successfully identify patients with these rare pediatric cholestatic liver diseases. We are focusing our clinical development of volixibat as a treatment for PSC and PBC, diseases with relatively small patient populations. In addition, our estimates of the patient populations for our target indications, including ALGS, have been derived from a variety of sources, including the scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, and market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. The effort to identify patients with diseases we seek to treat is in early stages, and we cannot accurately predict the number of patients for whom treatment might be possible. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for each of our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates, and new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, which would adversely affect our results of operations and our business. In the U.S., Livmarli s FDA-approved indication is for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS one year of age and older, and in the EU, Livmarli s EMA-approved indication is for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months of age and older. The actual number of ALGS patients one year of age and older in the U.S. or two months of age and older in the EU with active cholestatic pruritus is difficult to estimate and may turn out to be lower than expected. Further, even if we obtain significant market share for our product candidates, if approved, because the potential target populations are very small, we may never achieve profitability despite obtaining such significant market share. Lastly, the potentially addressable patient population for PFIC and ALGS, or any of our potential indications, may even be further reduced as gene therapy products become more widely accepted and approved. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for a product candidate in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval for that product candidate in other jurisdictions. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for a product candidate in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval for a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the U.S., including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the U.S., a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our product candidates is also subject to approval. 
 Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. and the EU have requirements for approval for product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions, and the regulatory approval process outside the U.S. and EU generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA and EMA approval. Consequently, approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by the EMA, approval by the EMA does not assure approval by the FDA, and approval of either or both of the FDA and EMA does not assure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. Further, marketing approvals in countries outside the U.S. and EU do not ensure pricing approvals in those countries or in any other countries, and marketing approvals and pricing approvals do not ensure that reimbursement will be obtained. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be 
 44 
 
 reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of any of our product candidates will be harmed, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Disruptions at the FDA, EMA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA, EMA and other government agencies to review and approve proposed clinical trials or new product candidates can be affected by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, and other events that may otherwise affect these regulatory agencies ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA, EMA and other government agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Recently enacted legislation, future legislation and healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval for and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 
 In the U.S., Europe, and some other foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system, including cost-containment measures that may reduce or limit coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. For example, Germany introduced changes to its laws governing reimbursement of medicinal products that impact, among others, orphan designation medicinal products. Previously, orphan designation drugs were presumed to provide an additional benefit upon obtaining a marketing authorization and, therefore, subject to a limited assessment by the German authority competent for reimbursement (G-BA) as long as the sales of the orphan designation medicinal product remained under the threshold of 50 million in 12 months. Above this threshold, an orphan designation medicinal product would be subject to a full assessment by the G-BA regarding its benefits compared to an appropriate comparator therapy, just like any other medicinal product. This threshold will be lowered to 30 million in the future, and if we exceed this threshold, we will need to undergo a full assessment in accordance with the German laws governing reimbursement, which may impact the reimbursement of our products. Other countries may adopt similar or new approaches that may impact the reimbursement of our product(s), increase our operating costs and impact profitability. 
 There have also been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act Affordable Care Act was enacted in the U.S.. Among the provisions of the Affordable Care Act of importance to our potential product candidates, the Affordable Care Act: established an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; increased the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; creates a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program; established a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and established a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending. 
 There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, U.S. federal tax legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Act ), included a provision which repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Affordable Care Act on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or 
 45 
 
 part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. However, it is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to additional judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. 
 The Affordable Care Act has been subject to various health reform measures. For example, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, the Biden administration issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021 and remained open through August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the Affordable Care Act. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any additional health care reform measures of the current administration will impact the Affordable Care Act and our business. 
 In addition, the IRA will, among other things, (i) allow HHS to negotiate the price of certain drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, and subject drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price under the law and (ii) impose rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, included reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, will remain in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. 
 Further, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the U.S. of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. 
 In July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform. The plan sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. 
 At the state level, individual states in the U.S. have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could 
 46 
 
 harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved, or put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We expect that the Affordable Care Act, the IRA and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from third-party payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize Livmarli and our other product candidates, if approved. 
 A variety of risks associated with marketing our product candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We already have and plan to seek further regulatory approval for our product candidates internationally and, accordingly, we are subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries if and when we obtain the necessary approvals, including: 
 
 differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries, including differing reimbursement, pricing and insurance regimes; 

the potential for regulatory approvals in other countries to result in re-examination of previously approved regulatory submissions in other countries; 

the potential for so-called parallel importing, which is what happens when a local seller, faced with high or higher local prices, opts to import goods from a foreign market (with low or lower prices) rather than buying them locally; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets, including as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and rising interest rates; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling internationally; 

foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the U.S.; 

potential liability under the FCPA or comparable regulations; 

challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the U.S.; 

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities internationally; and 

business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism. 

In addition, some countries, such as Brazil, Israel and Chile, require that clinical trial participants receive the product at no cost even after the clinical trial has ended. We would not be able to recover any profit for these patients and depending on the number of patients, duration of the treatment and numerous other factors, such 
 47 
 
 regulations could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations significantly. These and other risks associated with our international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. 
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies with products that may directly or indirectly compete with ours, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions who are active in rare disease. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. For instance, we are aware that Albireo recently entered into an agreement to be purchased by Ipsen. This transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, drug products that are more effective or less costly than our product candidates, which may negatively affect our commercial opportunities. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are efficacy, safety and tolerability profile, reliability, convenience of dosing, price and reimbursement. 
 Outside of surgery and Livmarli, there are no other approved therapies for use in patients one year of age and older with ALGS in the U.S.. Ursodeoxycholic acid UDCA ), cholestyramine and other bile salt resins, rifampin, naltrexone and other agents, such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are used off label to treat ALGS patients suffering from cholestatic pruritus. Despite the lack of FDA approval for such indication, these older, generic agents are perceived as the standard of care for treating ALGS patients suffering from cholestatic pruritus. 
 We are aware of two other companies pursuing clinical development of therapies that reduce sBA levels via the IBAT pathway. GlaxoSmithKline plc and Albireo have IBATis in clinical development for cholestatic liver diseases. We are aware that Albireo was purchased by Ipsen in the first quarter of 2023. We are aware that Ipsen (Albireo) has received approval for odevixibat for the treatment of pruritus in patients with PFIC in the U.S. and for the treatment of PFIC in Europe. Ipsen (Albireo) has been granted orphan designation for PFIC in Europe and if Livmarli is deemed similar, it could prevent the approval of Livmarli in PFIC or result in the loss of orphan designation for Livmarli for PFIC in Europe. Ipsen (Albireo) is also conducting a study of odevixibat in BA and plans to pursue other cholestatic liver diseases. We are aware that Ipsen (Albireo) has submitted a supplemental new drug application to the FDA, with a PDUFA date of June 15, 2023, as well as a variation application to the EMA seeking approval for odevixibat for use in patients with ALGS. We are aware that GlaxoSmithKline plc has completed a Phase 2 trial of its IBATi in PBC patients and has initiated a Phase 3 trial in PBC. We are also aware that Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is exploring BA as an indication for obeticholic acid. Further, we may compete with companies that are developing gene therapy for the treatment of PFIC. In adult settings of cholestasis, similar to pediatric settings, cholestyramine, UDCA, rifampin and naltrexone are commonly used agents. We are not aware of FDA approved therapeutics for the treatment of PSC. We are aware of several agents in clinical development for the treatment of PSC, including Cymabay s seladelpar, DURECT Corporation s DUR928, HighTide Biopharmaceutical Inc. s HTD1801, Immunic Therapeutics IMU-838, Intercept s Ocaliva, or obeticholic acid, NGM Biopharmaceuticals Inc. s NGM282, Escient Pharmaceuticals s EP547, Chemomab Therapeutics Ltd. s CM-101, and Pliant Therapeutics PLN-74809. Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Ocaliva is approved as a second-line treatment for PBC. We are aware of several agents in clinical development for the treatment of PBC including Cymabay s seladelpar, Ipsen s elafibranor, Zydus Therapeutics Inc. s saroglitazar magnesium, Escient Pharmaceuticals Inc. s EP547, NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. s NGM282, Calliditas Therapeutics AB s setanaxib and COUR Pharmaceuticals CNP-104. 
 Even though we have obtained orphan drug designation for Livmarli in PFIC, ALGS and BA, we may not be able to obtain or maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug status, including market exclusivity. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the U.S. and the EU, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan 
 48 
 
 drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., or a patient population of greater than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., but for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the U.S.. In the EU, the European Commission, on the basis of the opinion of the EMA Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, grants orphan drug designation for medicines to be developed for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of diseases that are life-threatening or chronically debilitating, for which either no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment exists, or if such method exists, the medicine is of significant benefit to those affected by such condition. To benefit from such designation, either the prevalence of such condition must not be more than five in 10,000 people across the EU or, if more prevalent, it must be unlikely that the marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development. In September 2013, the FDA granted orphan drug status to Livmarli for the treatment of patients with PFIC, ALGS and BA in the U.S.. We also received orphan drug designation for Livmarli for PFIC, ALGS and BA in the EU. Generally, if a drug with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the drug may be entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA or the EMA from approving another marketing application for the same drug (or, in the case of the EMA, a similar drug) for the same indication for that time period. The applicable period is seven years in the U.S. and ten years in the EU, which may be extended by six months and two years, respectively, in the case of product candidates that have complied with the respective regulatory agency s agreed upon pediatric investigation plan. The exclusivity period in the EU can be reduced to six years if at the end of the fifth year a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA or EMA determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. In addition, even after a drug is granted orphan exclusivity and approved, the FDA can subsequently approve another drug for the same condition before the expiration of the seven-year exclusivity period including the same active ingredient if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In the EU, the EMA may deny marketing approval for a product candidate if it determines such product candidate is structurally similar to an approved product for the same indication. Specifically, Albireo has been granted orphan designation for PFIC in the EU and if Livmarli is deemed similar, it could prevent the approval of, or result in the loss of orphan designation for, Livmarli for PFIC in the EU. In addition, if an orphan designated product receives marketing approval for an indication broader than or different from what is designated, such product may not be entitled to orphan exclusivity. Even though the FDA has granted orphan drug designation to Livmarli for the treatment of PFIC, ALGS and BA, if we receive approval for Livmarli for a modified or different indication, our current orphan designations may not provide us with exclusivity. 
 Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process in the U.S.. Also, regulatory approval for any product candidate may be withdrawn, and other product candidates may obtain approval before us and receive orphan drug exclusivity, which could block us from entering the market. 
 Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product candidate, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the candidate from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition before the expiration of the orphan drug exclusivity period. 
 Although we have received a breakthrough therapy designation for Livmarli, this may not lead to a faster development, regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that Livmarli will receive marketing approval in the U.S. for other indications. 
 We have received a breakthrough therapy designation for Livmarli for the treatment of PFIC2. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a therapy that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other therapies, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the therapy may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For therapies that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Therapies designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA may also be eligible for priority review and accelerated approval. The breakthrough therapy designation for Livmarli may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to therapies considered for approval under conventional 
 49 
 
 FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, the FDA may later decide that Livmarli no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 We have formed and may continue to form or seek strategic alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements. 
 We have formed and may continue to form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to Livmarli, our product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop. We also intend to establish commercial partnerships outside of North America and in major European markets. 
 Any of our existing relationships or any future relationships we enter into may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for volixibat because it may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort, and third parties may not view volixibat as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. If we license products or businesses, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. Following a strategic transaction or license, we may not achieve the revenues or specific net income that justifies such transaction. Any delays in entering into new strategic partnership agreements related to our product candidates could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our failure to successfully in-license, acquire, develop and market additional product candidates or approved products would impair our ability to grow our business. 
 Although a substantial amount of our efforts are focused on the clinical development, potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, a key element of our long-term strategy is to in-license, acquire, develop, market and commercialize a portfolio of products to treat patients with liver disease. Because we do not have the necessary internal research and development capabilities, unless we build such capabilities internally, we will be dependent upon pharmaceutical companies, academic scientists and other researchers to sell or license products or technology to us. The success of this strategy depends partly upon our ability to identify and select promising biopharmaceutical product candidates and products, negotiate licensing or acquisition agreements with their current owners and finance these arrangements. The process of proposing, negotiating and implementing a license or acquisition of a product candidate or approved product is lengthy and complex. Other companies, including some with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales and other resources, may compete with us for the license or acquisition of product candidates and approved products. We have limited resources to identify and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party products, businesses and technologies and integrate them into our current infrastructure. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential acquisitions or licensing opportunities that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts. We may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product candidates on terms that we find acceptable, or at all. Further, any product candidate that we acquire may require additional development efforts prior to commercial sale, including preclinical or clinical testing and approval by the FDA, the EMA and other similar regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to risks of failure during biopharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that a product candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, any approved products that we acquire may not have the market potential we believe, be manufactured or sold profitably, or achieve market acceptance. 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceuticals industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial scientific and medical personnel. The loss of the services 
 50 
 
 of any of our executive officers or other key employees and our inability to find suitable replacements could potentially harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We conduct many of our operations at our facility in Foster City, California. This region serves as the headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. This competition has become exacerbated by the increase in employee resignations taking place throughout the U.S. in 2022, which is commonly referred to as the great resignation. We may also experience employee turnover as a result of the ongoing great resignation. 
 To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided stock awards that vest over time. The value to employees of stock awards that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. In addition, in response to competition, rising inflation rates and labor shortages, we may need to adjust employee cash compensation, which would affect our operating costs and our margins, or equity compensation, which would affect our outstanding share count and cause dilution to existing stockholders. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. Although we have offer letters with our key employees, these offer letters provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level, and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level, and senior scientific and medical personnel. 
 Many of the other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. They may also provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics are more appealing to high quality candidates than what we can offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can discover, develop and commercialize product candidates will be limited. 
 We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 196 full time employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we expect to need additional development, managerial, operational, financial, sales, marketing and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 

managing our commercialization efforts while focusing on other areas of our business; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and regulatory review process for Livmarli and volixibat, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 

improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize Livmarli, any then-approved product and product candidates depends, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. To date, we have used the services of outside vendors to perform tasks including clinical trial management, statistics and analysis, regulatory affairs, formulation development and other drug development functions. Our growth strategy may also entail expanding our group of contractors or consultants to implement these tasks going forward. Because we rely on numerous consultants, effectively outsourcing many key functions of our business, we will need to be able to effectively manage these consultants to ensure that they successfully carry out their contractual obligations and meet expected deadlines. However, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates or otherwise advance 
 51 
 
 our business. We may not be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize Livmarli, any then-approved product and product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our operations, and those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or manmade disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce Livmarli and volixibat. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of Livmarli and volixibat could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. Our corporate headquarters is located in California near major earthquake faults and fire zones. The ultimate impact on us, our significant suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults and fire zones and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown, but our operations and financial condition could suffer in the event of a major earthquake, fire or other natural disaster. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, CROs, consultants, strategic partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violates: (1) the laws of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities; (2) manufacturing standards; (3) healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the U.S. and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; or (4) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of our financial information or data. These laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with principal investigators and research subjects, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the U.S. and in certain countries in Europe, our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations. 
 Our relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, health information privacy and security laws and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners or vendors violate these laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 These laws may impact, among other things, our clinical research program, as well as sales, marketing and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services is subject to 
 52 
 
 extensive laws and regulations designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive and other business arrangements. We may also be subject to federal, state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of identifiable patient information. The U.S. healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully, offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations, include any payments of more than fair market value, and may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act and the civil monetary penalties statute; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal government programs that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government, including federal healthcare programs; 

the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), which created new federal civil and criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities and their respective business associates that perform services for them as well as their covered subcontractors that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; and 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 

We may also be subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope. For example, we may be subject to the following: state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third party payors, including private insurers, or that apply 
 53 
 
 regardless of payor; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures, or drug pricing; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state and foreign laws, such as the EU s and the United Kingdom s General Data Protection Regulations (respectively, the EU GDPR and UK GDPR , together, the GDPR governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Additionally, we may be subject to federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities, or our arrangements with physicians, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors violate these laws, we may be subject to investigations, enforcement actions and/or significant penalties. We have adopted a code of conduct and healthcare compliance policies, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct or business noncompliance, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the U.S. will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations relating to privacy and data protection. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could result in regulatory investigations or actions, litigations, fines and penalties, disruptions of and changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, reputational harm, loss of revenue or profits, and other adverse business consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, processing) personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, data we collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials, and sensitive third-party data. 
 Our data processing activities subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf. In the U.S., federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act). For example, HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Additionally, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA imposes specific requirements relating to marketing to individuals using technology such as telephones, mobile devices, and text messages. TCPA violations can result in significant financial penalties, including penalties or criminal fines imposed by the Federal Communications Commission or fines of up to 1,500 per violation imposed through private litigation or by state authorities. Class action suits are the most common method for private enforcement. 
 54 
 
 At the state level, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020, imposes obligations on covered businesses. These obligations include, but are not limited to, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices and affording California residents, including consumers, business representatives and employees, certain rights related to their personal data. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations (up to 7,500 per violation) and a private right of action for certain data breaches. Although the CCPA exempts some data processed in the context of clinical trials, the CCPA may increase compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. The CCPA has expanded substantially as a result of the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), which took effect January 1, 2023. The CPRA established a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CPRA, which could increase the risk of enforcement. Other states have also enacted data privacy laws, several of which take effect in 2023. In addition, data privacy and security laws have been proposed at the federal, state, and local levels in recent years, which could further complicate compliance efforts. Privacy advocates and industry groups have also proposed, and may propose, standards with which we are legally or contractually bound to comply. 
 Outside the U.S., an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security. For example, the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, Brazil s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD (Law No. 13,709/2018), and China s Personal Information Protection Law PIPL impose strict requirements for processing personal data, and violators of these laws face significant penalties. 
 For example, the GDPR imposes stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data, including, for example, more robust disclosures to individuals and a strengthened individual data rights regime, mandatory data breach notifications in certain circumstances, limitations on retention of information, increased requirements pertaining to special categories of data, such as health data, and additional obligations when we contract with third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. In addition, the GDPR expanded the definition of what is expressly noted to constitute personal data (including by broadening the relevant definition to capture expressly the pseudonymized or key-coded data that is commonly processed in a clinical trial-related context). 
 We are subject to the GDPR regimes because of our data processing activities that involve the personal data of individuals residing in the European Economic Area EEA and/or UK, such as in connection with our clinical trials in Europe, and early access program in multiple EU countries, and because of any potential processing of personal data carried out in the context of the activities of our relevant European subsidiaries. In addition, we maintain an office in Switzerland, which has privacy and data protection laws and regulations similar to the GDPR. Furthermore, the EU GDPR provides that EEA Member States may introduce specific requirements related to the processing of special categories of personal data , including the personal data related to health and genetic information, which we may process in connection with clinical trials or otherwise; as well as personal data related to criminal offences or convictions. Under the EU GDPR, companies that do not comply may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions; fines of up to 20 million Euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. In the UK, the UK Data Protection Act 2018 complements the UK GDPR in this regard. This fact may lead to greater divergence on the law that applies to the processing of such personal data across the EEA and/or UK, which may increase our costs and overall compliance risk. 
 In addition, we may be unable to transfer personal data from Europe (including from our European subsidiaries) and other jurisdictions to the U.S. or other countries due to data localization requirements or limitations on cross-border data flows. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the EEA and the UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the U.S. and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and/or cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the U.S. in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard data protection clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the U.S.. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK, or other jurisdictions, to the U.S., or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including due to the limiting of our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe and/or elsewhere, the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to 
 55 
 
 relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer personal data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and/or injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers of personal data to recipients outside Europe for allegedly violating the EU GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data to recipients outside of the EEA and/or UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the U.S., are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants and activist groups. 
 In addition, we may also be bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. We may also publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to adverse consequences. 
 Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. The EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, the CCPA and many other laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are still being tested in courts, and they are subject to new and differing interpretations by courts and regulatory officials, which may vary by jurisdiction or be inconsistent with our current policies and practices. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires significant resources and may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. 
 Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party processor to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to or interruption in our ability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. 
 Our, or our third parties , actual or perceived failure to adequately comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection, or to protect personal data and other data we process or maintain, could result in adverse consequences, including regulatory fines and bans on processing personal information, investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, penalties and other liabilities, claims for damages by affected individuals, orders to destroy or not use personal information, imprisonment of company officials, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including, as relevant, clinical trials), and damage to our reputation, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Any collaboration arrangements that we have or may enter into in the future may not be successful or may result in product diversion, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize Livmarli and any then-approved product. 
 Any existing or future collaborations that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our collaboration arrangements depends and will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborations are subject to numerous risks, which may include that: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to collaborations; 

collaborators may conduct their own clinical trials which may not be compliant, may not be successful or may generate contradictory results; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of Livmarli and any then-approved product or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on trial or test results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

56 
 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product or product candidates; 

a collaborator with marketing, manufacturing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to or otherwise not perform satisfactorily in carrying out these activities; 

we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability; 

a collaborator or series of collaborators may improperly or unknowingly sell product directly (or indirectly to a potential customer) into the gray market whereby our branded products are diverted from authorized sales channels into the hands of dealers, brokers or the open market, and may result in unauthorized sale of our product in a specific country or region; 

disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that causes the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our current or future products or that results in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

collaborations may be terminated, and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable current or future products; 

collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering Livmarli and any then-approved product that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to develop or commercialize such intellectual property; and 

a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws resulting in civil or criminal proceedings. 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. We entered into an assignment and license agreement with Shire pursuant to which we were assigned exclusive global rights to license intellectual property and know-how related to Livmarli and volixibat, rights to license know-how related to Livmarli from Pfizer, certain patents and know-how related to volixibat from Sanofi and certain patents and know-how related to Livmarli and volixibat from Satiogen, which we subsequently acquired in May 2022. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts or diligent efforts to commercialize products based on the licensed rights and to pay certain royalties based off our net sales. We may not meet these requirements, which could result in a loss or termination of any rights under such agreements. Any termination of these licenses will result in the loss of significant rights and will restrict our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license, as we are for intellectual property that we own, which are described below under Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. 
 We currently rely on, and intend to continue relying on, third-party CROs in connection with our clinical trials for Livmarli and volixibat. We control or will control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol, legal, 
 57 
 
 regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on our CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these CROs fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. Upon inspection, such regulatory authorities may not determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with drug product produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test subjects. Our failure or any failure by our CROs to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of our CROs violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 Our CROs are not our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical, clinical and non-clinical programs. These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 Switching or adding CROs involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Although we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, we may encounter challenges or delays in the future and these delays or challenges may have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely completely on third parties to manufacture and distribute our clinical and commercial drug supplies, including certain sole-source suppliers and manufacturers. These third parties may fail to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for their facilities, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of drug product or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 
 We do not currently have nor do we plan to acquire the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture our clinical and commercial drug supplies, or to supply, manufacture or distribute Livmarli. Instead, we rely on contracted third parties. 
 We do not currently have any long-term agreements or commitment with a manufacturer to produce raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredients APIs and the finished products of our product candidates or the associated packaging. We will need to continue to identify and qualify a third-party manufacturer prior to commercialization of our product candidates, and we intend to enter into agreements for commercial production with third-party suppliers. For Livmarli, we are reliant on third parties to successfully manufacture drug substance components and the finished drug product in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities for commercialization. We are also reliant on third parties for the manufacture of packaging, labeling and oral dosing dispensers for Livmarli. As Livmarli and our product candidates are intended to treat rare liver diseases, we will only require a low-volume of raw materials and APIs, and in the case of Livmarli and volixibat, in some cases with single-source suppliers and manufacturers. Our reliance on third-party suppliers and manufacturers, including single-source suppliers, could harm our ability to develop our product candidates or to commercialize Livmarli and any product candidates that are approved. 
 Any of our existing or future suppliers or manufacturers may, among other things: 
 
 58 
 
 fail to supply us with our product and product candidates on a timely basis or in the requested amount due to unexpected damage to or destruction of facilities, equipment or deliveries, labor disputes or otherwise, including acts of God 

fail to increase manufacturing capacity and produce drug product and components in larger quantities and at higher yields in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all, to sufficiently meet our clinical and commercial needs; 

be unable to meet our production demands, including due to issues related to their reliance on sole-source suppliers and manufacturers; 

become unavailable through business interruption or financial insolvency; or 

be unable or unwilling to supply or manufacture for us, or to renew current supply or manufacturing agreements when such agreements expire on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all. 

In the event of any of the foregoing or in the event such third parties fail to meet our needs, if we do not have an alternative supplier or manufacturer in place, we would be required to expend substantial management time and expense to identify, qualify and transfer processes to alternative suppliers or manufacturers. Transferring technology to other sites may require additional processes, technologies and validation studies, which are costly, may take considerable amounts of time, may not be successful and, in most cases, require review and approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities. Any need to find and qualify new suppliers or manufacturers could adversely impact our ability to commercialize Livmarli or our product candidates, if approved. Additionally, we and our manufacturers do not currently maintain significant inventory of drug substances and other materials. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of our clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. 
 Although we are ultimately responsible for ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements such as current good manufacturing practices cGMPs ), we are dependent on our contract suppliers and manufacturers for day-to-day compliance with cGMP for production of both drug substances and finished products. Facilities used by our contract suppliers and manufacturers to produce the drug substances and materials or finished products for commercial sale must pass inspection and be approved by the FDA and other relevant regulatory authorities. A number of our contract suppliers and manufacturers must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program and review of submitted technical information. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the FDA s strict regulatory requirements, they will not be able to secure or maintain FDA approval for the manufacturing facilities and our ability to secure supplies of Livmarli or our product candidates will be negatively affected. 
 In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the safety of Livmarli or our product candidates is compromised due to a failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, the manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time and we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, in which case we might not be able to identify manufacturers for clinical or commercial supply on acceptable terms, or at all, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market Livmarli and volixibat. 
 We and our third-party suppliers and manufacturers are vulnerable to geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, such as the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, related sanctions, future pandemics, increasing inflation rates and the responses by central banking authorities to control such inflation, which could negatively impact the availability or cost of materials and the third parties on which we rely. Similarly, the manufacturing facilities of certain of our suppliers are located outside of the U.S. This may give rise to difficulties in importing our product into the U.S. or other countries as a result of, among other things, regulatory agency approval requirements, taxes, tariffs, local import requirements such as import duties or inspections, incomplete or inaccurate import documentation or defective packaging. If such events result in any interruption in the supply of a drug substance or other material or in the manufacture of Livmarli, such interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 We rely on a single specialty pharmacy and a single distributor for all of our sales of Livmarli in the U.S. and use a single distributor in certain countries in Europe. If either the specialty pharmacy or the distributor becomes 
 59 
 
 subject to bankruptcy or is acquired by a company that wants to terminate the relationship with us, and we are required to transition to a new specialty pharmacy or distributor, such transition may result in an inability for us to collect outstanding receivables, a decline in our revenue, results of operations and cash flows. Further, we are in the process of switching or adding contract manufacturing organizations for both Livmarli and volixibat, which is cost-intensive and time-consuming. The success of these transfers is necessary for continuous supply to clinical trials and potential future commercial demand. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 
 We will need substantial additional financing to continue our commercialization efforts for Livmarli, develop our product candidates and implement our operating plans. If we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to continue the clinical development and seek regulatory approval of our product candidates. We will require significant additional amounts in order to continue our marketing and sales efforts for Livmarli, prepare for commercialization for our product candidates, and, if approved, to launch and commercialize our product candidates. 
 Based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe our unrestricted cash, unrestricted cash equivalents and investments, will be sufficient to fund current operations through at least the next 12 months. However, changing circumstances may cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. We will require additional capital for the further development and commercialization of our product candidates and may need to raise additional funds sooner if we choose to expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate. 
 Additional funding may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. As a result of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, such as the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, the COVID-19 pandemic, actions taken to slow its spread, actual and anticipated changes in interest rates, economic inflation and the responses by central banking authorities to control such inflation, the global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of Livmarli or volixibat or other research and development initiatives. We also could be required to seek collaborators for our product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to our product candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves. 
 Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
 60 
 
 If we raise additional funds through collaboration, strategic partnerships and licensing arrangements with third parties, such as the RIPA with the Purchasers, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to Livmarli, our intellectual property, future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. For instance, as part of the RIPA, the Purchasers have the right to receive certain revenue interests from us based on the net sales of Livmarli, and we have granted the Purchasers a senior security interest in certain of our assets. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to allow us to make required payments, we may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or seek additional capital. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 We have incurred substantial losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in the near future, and we may never achieve profitability. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and California and other state net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 153.1 million, 19.1 million and 17.7 million, respectively. The federal NOL carryforwards do not expire, and the California and other state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2038 and 2032, respectively, unless previously utilized. Our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. As of December 31, 2022, we also had federal and state research and development credit carryforwards totaling 32.5 million and 4.2 million, respectively. The federal research and development credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2039, unless previously utilized. The state research and development credits do not expire. 
 Under the Tax Act, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), federal NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act or the CARES Act. Our NOL carryforwards and other applicable tax attributes are subject to review and possible adjustment by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities and may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders over a three-year period in excess of 50 percentage points (by value), as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. It is possible that we have experienced one or more such ownership changes in the past, and we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. We may therefore be limited in the portion of NOL carryforwards and other applicable tax attributes that we can use in the future to offset future taxable income. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating losses is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our NOLs and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 
 Our payment obligations under the RIPA may adversely affect our financial position or results of operations and our ability to raise additional capital which in turn may increase our vulnerability to adverse regulatory developments or economic or business downturns. 
 As described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, on December 8, 2020, we entered into the RIPA. Pursuant to the RIPA, the Purchasers paid us 50.0 million on closing and 65.0 million in April 2021, less certain transaction expenses. We were entitled to receive up to approximately 50.0 million at the option of the Purchasers to finance in-licenses or other acquisitions on or prior to December 31, 2022. As consideration for such payments, the Purchasers will have a right to receive certain Revenue Interests from us based on annual net sales of Livmarli, which will be tiered payments (the Revenue Interest Payments based on whether such annual net sales are (i) less than or equal to 350.0 million Tier 1 ), (ii) exceeding 350.0 million and less than or equal to 1.1 billion Tier 2 ), or (iii) exceeding 1.1 billion Tier 3 ). The Revenue Interest Payments will initially be 9.75 (at Tier 1) and 2.00 (at Tier 2 and Tier 3) of such annual net sales in the Covered Territory; provided that (i) if the Purchasers have received Revenue Interest Payments in an amount equal to or greater than 110.0 of the total payments actually made by the Purchasers to us, exclusive of transaction expenses (the Cumulative Purchaser Payments ), on or prior to December 31, 2026, the Revenue Interests shall be reduced to 2.00 at Tier 1 and 0.00 at Tier 3 for all subsequent calendar years beginning on January 1, 2027 and (ii) if the Purchasers have not received Revenue Interest Payments in an amount equal to or greater than 110.0 of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments on or prior to December 31, 2026, the Revenue Interests shall be increased for all subsequent calendar years beginning on January 1, 2027 to a single defined rate (with no separate tiers) that would have provided the Purchasers with an amount equal to 110.0 of the 
 61 
 
 Cumulative Purchaser Payments on or prior to December 31, 2026 had such rate applied to Tier 1 of initial Revenue Interest Payments. The Purchasers rights to receive the Revenue Interest Payments shall terminate on the date on which the Purchasers have received Revenue Interest Payments of 195.0 of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments, unless the RIPA is terminated earlier. The RIPA and the revenue interest stream payable to the Purchasers could have important negative consequences to the holders of our securities. For example, a portion of our cash flow from operations will be needed to pay certain revenue interests to the Purchasers and will not be available to fund future operations. Additionally, we may have increased vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions. Payment requirements under the RIPA will increase our cash outflows. Our future operating performance is subject to market conditions and business factors that are beyond our control. If our cash inflows and capital resources are insufficient to allow us to make required payments, we may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or seek additional capital. If we raise funds by selling additional equity, such sale would result in dilution to our stockholders. If we are required to secure funding, we may not be able to do so on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Failure to pay certain amounts to the Purchasers when due would result in a default under the RIPA and result in foreclosure on certain of our assets which would have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. The RIPA contains customary affirmative and negative non-financial covenants and events of default, including covenants and restrictions that, among other things, grant a senior security interest in our assets and restrict our ability to incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, make loans and investments, engage in mergers and acquisitions, and engage in asset sales. Additionally, the Purchasers under the RIPA have an option (the Put Option to terminate the RIPA and to require us to repurchase future Revenue Interests upon enumerated events such as a bankruptcy event, an uncured material breach, a material adverse effect (which can include adverse developments related to the regulatory approval of our product candidates) or a change of control. The triggering of the Put Option, including by our failure to comply with these covenants, could permit the Purchasers to declare certain amounts to be immediately due and payable. Further, if we are liquidated, the Purchasers right to repayment would be senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock. Any triggering of the Put Option or other declaration by the Purchasers of an event of default under the RIPA could significantly harm our financial condition, business and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for Livmarli and our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize Livmarli and our product candidates, if approved, may be adversely affected. 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our technologies. Any unauthorized disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. 
 The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the U.S. or in many jurisdictions outside of the U.S.. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretations of patent laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be enforced in the patents that may be issued from the applications we currently or may in the future own or license from third parties. Further, if any patents we obtain or license are deemed invalid and unenforceable, our ability to commercialize or license our technology could be adversely affected. 
 The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our actual or potential future collaborators will be successful in protecting Livmarli or our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during 

62 
 
 the patent process, the noncompliance with which can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, and partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction; 

patent applications may not result in any patents being issued; 

patents that may be issued or in-licensed may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; 

our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with or eliminate our ability to make, use, import, and sell Livmarli or our product candidates; 

other parties may have designed around our claims or developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our platform, may have filed or may file patent applications and may have received or may receive patents that overlap or conflict with our patent applications, either by claiming the same methods or devices or by claiming subject matter that could dominate our patent position; 

any successful opposition or other post-grant proceeding to any patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the practice of our technologies or the successful commercialization of any products or product candidates that we may develop; 

because patent applications in the U.S. and most other jurisdictions are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to Livmarli or our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses; 

an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the USPTO to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications for any application with an effective filing date before March 16, 2013; 

there may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the U.S. for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; and 

jurisdictions other than the U.S. may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing products. 

The patent prosecution process is also expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. We may also rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or feasible. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the U.S. are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, competitors may be able to use Livmarli, our product candidates and proprietary technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example: 
 63 

others may be able to make compounds that are similar to Livmarli and our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents; 

we might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our pending patent applications; 

we might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 

any patents that we obtain may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in jurisdictions where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we cannot ensure that any of our patents, or any of our pending patent applications, if issued, or those of our licensors, will include claims having a scope sufficient to protect Livmarli and any then-approved product; 

we cannot ensure that we will be able to successfully commercialize Livmarli and any then-approved product on a substantial scale, if approved, before the relevant patents that we own or license expire; or 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Others have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent applications covering products and technologies that are similar, identical or competitive to ours or important to our business. We cannot be certain that any patent application owned by a third party will not have priority over patent applications filed or in-licensed by us, or that we or our licensors will not be involved in interference, opposition or other patent office proceedings before the USPTO or non-U.S. patent offices. 
 We cannot be certain that the claims in our issued patents and pending patent applications covering Livmarli or our product candidates will be considered patentable by the USPTO, courts in the U.S., or by patent offices and courts in foreign jurisdictions. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the U.S.. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property. 
 The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical fields involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover Livmarli or our product candidates in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions. Even if such patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Any successful opposition or other post-grant proceeding to our patents could deprive us of exclusive rights necessary for the successful commercialization of Livmarli or our product candidates. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents may not adequately protect our intellectual property, provide exclusivity for Livmarli or our product candidates or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents we hold with respect to Livmarli or our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, or threaten our ability to commercialize, Livmarli or our product candidates. 
 Further, if we encounter delays in our development efforts, including our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market Livmarli or our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. In addition, patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after it is filed. Various extensions may be available; however the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. A patent term extension of up to five years based on regulatory delay may be available in the U.S. under the Hatch-Waxman Act. However, only a single patent can be extended for each marketing approval, and any patent can be extended only once, for a single product. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the patent term extension does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the product as approved. Further, a patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the 
 64 
 
 date of product approval and only those claims covering such approved drug product, an approved method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Laws governing analogous patent term extensions in foreign jurisdictions vary widely, as do laws governing the ability to obtain multiple patents from a single patent family. Additionally, we may not receive an extension if we fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration, or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our revenue could be reduced. 
 For U.S. patent applications in which claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the USPTO to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our participation in an interference proceeding may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. 
 For U.S. patent applications containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, there is greater level of uncertainty in the patent law. In September 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or America Invents Act, was signed into law. The America Invents Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The USPTO has developed regulations and procedures to govern the administration of the America Invents Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the America Invents Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, were enacted on March 16, 2013. The America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable, or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of Livmarli and our product candidates and drug discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology, such as third parties involved in the manufacture of Livmarli and our product candidates, such as volixibat, and third parties involved in our clinical trials to enter into confidentiality agreements. We cannot be certain that all such agreements have been duly executed, that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets could impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating the trade secret. For example, the FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, is currently considering whether to make additional information publicly available on a routine basis, including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time how the FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our intellectual property to third parties, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We currently rely on method-of-use and formulation patents to protect Livmarli and composition-of-matter and method-of-use patents to protect volixibat. 
 We currently have rights to patents and patent applications in the U.S., Europe and other jurisdictions covering methods of treating certain cholestatic liver diseases using certain IBATis, including maralixibat (the active pharmaceutical ingredient of Livmarli) and volixibat. Patent applications may never issue as patents. We do not have patents or patent applications covering maralixibat as a composition-of-matter. Therefore, the primary 
 65 
 
 patent-based intellectual property protection for our Livmarli program are granted method-of-use patents and any patents that may grant on currently pending method-of-use and formulation patent applications. 
 Composition-of-matter patents on active pharmaceutical ingredients are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property protection for pharmaceutical products, as such patents provide protection without regard to any method of use. Method-of-use patents protect the use of a product for the specified method. Method-of-use patents do not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to our product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their products for our targeted indication(s), physicians may prescribe these products off-label. Although off-label prescriptions may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method-of-use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent process. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on any issued patents and/or applications are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm and rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to foreign patent agencies. While an inadvertent lapse may sometimes be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than should otherwise have been the case, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect Livmarli and our product candidates. 
 As is the case with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly on obtaining and enforcing patents. Our patent rights may be affected by developments or uncertainty in U.S. or foreign patent statutes, patent case law, USPTO rules and regulations or the rules and regulations of foreign patent offices. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the U.S. may, at any time, enact changes to U.S. patent law and regulations, including by legislation, by regulatory rule-making, or by judicial precedent, that adversely affect the scope of patent protection available and weakened the rights of patent owners to obtain patents, enforce patent infringement and obtain injunctions and/or damages. For example, the scope of patentable subject matter under 35 U.S.C. 101 has evolved significantly over the past several years as the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and the Supreme Court issued various opinions, and the USPTO modified its guidance for practitioners on multiple occasions. Other jurisdictions may likewise enact changes to their patent laws in ways that adversely diminish the scope of patent protection and weaken the rights of patent owners to obtain patents, enforce patent infringement and obtain injunctions and/or damages. Further, the U.S. and other governments may, at any time, enact changes to laws and regulations that create new avenues for challenging the invalidity of issued patents. For example, the America Invents Act created new administrative post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedings that allow third parties to challenge the validity of issued patents. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Patents are of national or regional effect. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on Livmarli and our product candidates in all jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. In addition, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights in the same manner and to the same extent as 
 66 
 
 laws in the U.S.. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S.. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement of such patent protection is not as strong as that in the U.S.. These products may compete with Livmarli and any then-approved product and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 The requirements for patentability may differ in certain jurisdictions. For example, unlike other countries, China has a heightened requirement for patentability, and specifically requires a detailed description of medical uses of a claimed drug. In India, unlike the U.S., there is no link between regulatory approval for a drug and its patent status. In addition to India, certain jurisdictions in Europe and developing jurisdictions, including China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those jurisdictions, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we own or license. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology or pharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 In addition, geo-political actions in the U.S. and in foreign countries could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution or maintenance of our patent applications or those of any current or future licensors and the maintenance, enforcement or defense of our issued patents or those of any current or future licensors. For example, the U.S. and foreign government actions related to Russia s conflict in Ukraine may limit or prevent filing, prosecution, and maintenance of patent applications in Russia. Government actions may also prevent maintenance of issued patents in Russia. These actions could result in abandonment or lapse of our patents or patent applications, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in Russia. If such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a decree was adopted by the Russian government in March 2022, allowing Russian companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patentees from the U.S. without consent or compensation. Consequently, we would not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in Russia or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into Russia. Accordingly, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Finally, Europe s planned Unified Patent Court may in particular present uncertainties for our ability to protect and enforce our patent rights against competitors in Europe. In 2012, the European Patent Package EU Patent Package regulations were passed with the goal of providing a single pan-European Unitary Patent and a new European Unified Patent Court UPC ), for litigation involving European patents. Implementation of the EU Patent Package will likely occur in the first half of 2023. Under the UPC, all European patents, including those issued prior to ratification of the European Patent Package, will by default automatically fall under the jurisdiction of the UPC. The UPC will provide our competitors with a new forum to centrally revoke our European patents, and allow for the possibility of a competitor to obtain pan-European injunctions. It will be several years before we will understand the scope of patent rights that will be recognized and the strength of patent remedies that will be provided by the UPC. Under the EU Patent Package as currently proposed, we will have the right to opt our patents out of the UPC over the first seven years of the court s existence, but doing so may preclude us from realizing the benefits of the new unified court. 
 67 
 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are a party to a number of license agreements under which we are granted intellectual property rights that are important to our business. For example, certain trade secrets related to maralixibat are licensed from Pfizer, and patents, patent applications and trade secrets related to volixibat are licensed from Sanofi. Our existing license agreements as related to maralixibat and volixibat impose various development, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under a license agreement, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, the license agreement may be terminated, in which event we would not be able to develop, commercialize or market Livmarli or volixibat, as the case may be. 
 Licensing of intellectual property rights is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property rights subject to a license agreement, including: 
 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property rights of the licensor that are not subject to the licensing agreement; 

our right to sublicense intellectual property rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of Livmarli and our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. 

If disputes over intellectual property rights that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. We may enter into additional licenses in the future and if we fail to comply with obligations under those agreements, we could suffer adverse consequences. 
 We may become subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We may be subject to claims that former employees (including former employees of our licensors), collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. The failure to name the proper inventors on a patent application can result in the patents issuing thereon being unenforceable. Inventorship disputes may arise from conflicting views regarding the contributions of different individuals named as inventors, the effects of foreign laws where foreign nationals are involved in the development of the subject matter of the patent, conflicting obligations of third parties involved in developing Livmarli or our product candidates or as a result of questions regarding co-ownership of potential joint inventions. Litigation may be necessary to resolve these and other claims challenging inventorship and/or ownership. Alternatively, or additionally, we may enter into agreements to clarify the scope of our rights in such intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Presently we have intellectual property rights, through licenses from third parties including Shire, Pfizer, our wholly-owned subsidiary Satiogen, and Sanofi, related to Livmarli and our product candidates. For example, we have our license agreements with Shire and Satiogen for both maralixibat and volixibat. We have our license agreement with Shire, Satiogen and Pfizer for our intellectual property rights covering Livmarli. Further, we have 
 68 
 
 our license agreement with Sanofi for our intellectual property rights covering volixibat. Because our programs may require the use of additional proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. In addition, Livmarli or our product candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and these rights may be held by others. We may be unable to acquire or in-license proprietary rights related to any compositions, formulations, methods of use, processes or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as being necessary for Livmarli or our product candidates. Even if we are able to obtain a license to such proprietary rights, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
 Where we obtain licenses from or collaborate with third parties, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from third parties, or such activities, if controlled by us, may require the input of such third parties. We may also require the cooperation of our licensors and collaborators to enforce any licensed patent rights, and such cooperation may not be provided. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which may affect the validity and enforceability of such patents or any patents that may issue from such application. Moreover, if we do obtain necessary licenses, we will likely have obligations under those licenses, including making royalty and milestone payments, and any failure to satisfy those obligations could give our licensor the right to terminate the license. Termination of a necessary license, or expiration of licensed patents or patent applications, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our business would suffer if any such licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents against infringing third parties, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if any licenses terminate, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties may gain the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor s rights. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of the royalty obligations we would be required to pay on sales of future products, if any, the amounts may be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in products that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize products, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party proprietary rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party proprietary rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize Livmarli or our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. 
 For example, we collaborate with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. Typically, these institutions provide us with an option to negotiate an exclusive license to any of the institution s proprietary rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option to negotiate a license, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified time frame or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer, on an exclusive basis, their proprietary rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us, either on reasonable terms, or at all. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment, or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to commercialize Livmarli and any then-approved product, and our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could suffer. 
 Third-party claims alleging intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our drug discovery and development efforts. 
 Our success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the U.S., involving patents and other intellectual 
 69 
 
 property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including inter partes review, post-grant proceedings, interference and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. The America Invents Act introduced new procedures including inter partes review and post grant review. The implementation of these procedures brings uncertainty to the possibility of challenges to our patents in the future and the outcome of such challenges. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are marketing Livmarli and developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our activities related to Livmarli and our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. 
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. Any of Livmarli or our current or future product candidates may infringe existing or future patents. We may not be aware of patents that have already issued that a third party might assert are infringed by Livmarli or one of our current or future product candidates. Nevertheless, we are not aware of any issued patents that will prevent us from marketing Livmarli or our product candidates. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of Livmarli or our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and may be confidential for 18 months or more after filing, there may be currently pending third-party patent applications which may later result in issued patents that Livmarli, our product candidates or our technologies may infringe, or which such third parties claim are infringed by the use of our technologies. Parties making claims against us for infringement or misappropriation of their intellectual property rights may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize Livmarli or one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial expenses and could be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. 
 If we collaborate with third parties in the development of technology in the future, our collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability. Further, collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability. In the future, we may agree to indemnify our commercial collaborators against certain intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties. 
 Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time consuming and could: 
 result in costly litigation; 

divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 

cause development delays; 

prevent us from commercializing Livmarli or our product candidates until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; 

require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis; 

require us to pay damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing, which may include treble damages if we are found to have been willfully infringing such intellectual property; 

require us to pay the attorney s fees and costs of litigation to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing; and/or 

require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

70 
 
 If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that Livmarli and any then-approved product or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do either. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the U.S., proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management s time and attention in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may be required to seek a license, which may not be available, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patents in court. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition, if we do not obtain a license, develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an infringement action successfully or have infringed patents declared invalid, we may incur substantial monetary damages, encounter significant delays in bringing our product candidates to market and be precluded from manufacturing or selling Livmarli or our product candidates. 
 We do not always conduct independent reviews of pending patent applications of and patents issued to third parties. We cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology, because: 
 
 some patent applications in the U.S. may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued; 

patent applications in the U.S. and elsewhere can be pending for many years before issuance, or unintentionally abandoned patents or applications can be revived; 

pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, Livmarli, our product candidates or the use thereof; 

identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims; 

patent applications are typically not published until 18 months after the priority date; and 

publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries. 

Furthermore, the scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history and can involve other factors such as expert opinion. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of claims in a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market Livmarli and any then-approved product. Further, we may incorrectly determine that our technologies, Livmarli and any then-approved product, or product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the U.S. or internationally that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market Livmarli or our product candidates. 
 Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours, and others may have or obtain patents or proprietary rights that could limit our ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import Livmarli, our product candidates and future approved products or impair our competitive position. Numerous third-party U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications exist in the fields in which we are marketing Livmarli and developing product candidates. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of Livmarli and our product candidates. Any such patent application may have priority over our patent applications, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the U.S.. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful if, unbeknownst to us, the other party had independently arrived at the same or similar invention prior to our own invention, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. Other jurisdictions have similar laws that permit secrecy of patent applications and may be entitled to priority over our applications in such jurisdictions. 
 71 
 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 
 If a third party prevails in a patent infringement lawsuit against us, we may have to stop making and selling the infringing product, pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to be willfully infringing a third party s patents, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
 We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of Livmarli and our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize Livmarli and our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which may give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. 
 We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, in addition to our employees, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of our product candidates. Many of these consultants, and many of our employees, were previously employed at, or may have previously provided or may be currently providing consulting services to, other pharmaceutical companies including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that we, our employees or consultants inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to their former employers or their former or current clients. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely affect our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management team and other employees. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. Further, our issued patents could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court, and we may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. 
 Third parties including competitors may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our patents, patents that may issue to us in the future, or the patents of our licensors that are licensed to us. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may need to or choose to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in jurisdictions where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S.. Further, because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we may conclude that even if a third party is infringing our issued patent, any patents that may be issued as a result of our pending or future patent applications or other intellectual property rights, the risk-adjusted cost of bringing and enforcing such a claim or action may be too high or not in the best interest of our company or our stockholders. In such cases, we may decide that the more prudent course of action is to simply monitor the situation or initiate or seek some other non-litigious action or solution. 
 If we choose to go to court to stop another party from using the inventions claimed in our patents, that individual or company has the right to ask the court to rule that such patents are invalid, unenforceable, or should not be enforced against that third party for any number of reasons. In patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge include an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements for patentability, including lack of novelty, obviousness, lack of written description, indefiniteness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could include an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld material information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution, i.e. committed inequitable conduct. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO, even outside the context of litigation. 
 72 
 
 Similar mechanisms for challenging the validity and enforceability of a patent exist in foreign patent offices and courts and may result in the revocation, cancellation, or amendment of any foreign patents we or our licensors hold now or in the future. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable, and prior art could render our patents or those of our licensors invalid. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on such product or product candidate. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if a non-exclusive license is offered and our competitors gain access to the same technology. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties or enter into development or manufacturing partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our ability to enforce our patent rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It may be difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components or methods that are used in connection with their products and services. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s product or service. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors, and inventions agreements with employees, consultants and advisors, to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Despite these efforts, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. For example, the FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, is currently considering whether to make additional information publicly available on a routine basis, including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time how the 
 73 
 
 FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 In addition, such security measures may not provide adequate protection for our proprietary information, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee, consultant, customer or third party with authorized access. Our security measures may not prevent an employee, consultant or customer from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of Livmarli and any then-approved product that we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. 
 Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, third parties may still obtain this information or may come upon this or similar information independently, and we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Trade secrets may over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic to industry scientific positions. Though our agreements with third parties typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, collaborators, licensors, suppliers, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. Because from time to time we expect to rely on third parties in the development, manufacture, and distribution of Livmarli and any then-approved product and provision of our services, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. Despite employing the contractual and other security precautions described above, the need to share trade secrets increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets, the value of this information may be greatly reduced and our competitive position would be harmed. If we do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information may be jeopardized. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our current or future trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. We have and may continue to license our trademarks and trade names to third parties, such as distributors. Though these license agreements may provide guidelines for how our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and tradenames by our licensees may jeopardize our rights in or diminish the goodwill associated with our trademarks and trade names. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 74 
 
 Moreover, any name we have proposed to use with our product or product candidates in the U.S. must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. 
 The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA (or an equivalent administrative body in a foreign jurisdiction) objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable substitute name that would qualify under applicable trademark or regulatory laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the relevant administrative body. Furthermore, in many jurisdictions, owning and maintaining a trademark registration may not provide an adequate defense against a subsequent infringement claim asserted by the owner of a senior trademark. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. If we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may also determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights denying our claim. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. Similar requirements exist in most jurisdictions worldwide. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. For example, the closing price of our common stock since January 1, 2022 to March 7, 2023 has ranged from a low of 15.50 to a high of 29.44. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section, these factors include, among others: 
 the degree of physician and patient adoption of Livmarli and use of Livmarli necessary for commercial success; 

our failure to grow and maintain our own sales force to market Livmarli; 

our ability to market and sell Livmarli where approved; 

our ability to commercialize Livmarli in certain countries in Europe, and our ability to grow and maintain an international sales force; 

any delay in our regulatory filings for Livmarli or volixibat and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request for additional information; 

our ability to scale our distribution capabilities; 

any delay in our regulatory filings for our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request for additional information; 

our failure to commercialize our product candidates; 

the commencement, enrollment or results of our ongoing clinical trials of our product candidates or any future clinical trials we may conduct, or changes in the development status of our product candidates; 

adverse results or delays in clinical trials; 

our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 

adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval for our product candidates; 

75 
 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to Livmarli and our product candidates, including but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals; 

changes in the structure of health care payment systems; 

the failure to obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement of Livmarli and our product candidates, if approved; 

adverse developments concerning our manufacturers; 

our inability to obtain adequate product supply for any approved drug product or inability to do so at acceptable prices; 

our inability to maintain or establish collaborations if needed; 

our ability to in-license, acquire, develop and market additional product candidates or approved products; 

management transitions and additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of Livmarli or our product candidates; 

introduction of new products or services offered by us or our competitors; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 

our ability to effectively manage our growth; 

the size and growth, if any, of the markets for ALGS, PFIC and other cholestatic liver diseases that we may target; 

our ability to successfully enter new markets or develop additional product candidates; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

our cash position; 

our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 

publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

issuances of debt or equity securities; 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

changes in accounting practices; 

ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, including the Ukraine-Russia conflict, the COVID-19 pandemic, economic slowdowns, recessions, inflation, rising interest rates and tightening of credit markets; and 

76 
 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and Nasdaq-listed and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. Further, the RIPA limits our ability to declare dividends, including to whom they can be paid and the aggregate amount payable. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and are able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Our executive officers and directors, combined with our stockholders who own more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, beneficially own shares representing a significant percentage of our common stock. Therefore, these stockholders have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to the Shelf Registration, Sales Agreement and our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including conducting clinical trials, commercialization efforts, expanded research and development activities and costs associated with operating a public company. To raise capital, we may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time, including through the Shelf Registration. For example, in August 2020, we entered into the Sales Agreement with SVB Securities, pursuant to which we may elect to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million under the Shelf Registration through SVB Securities acting as the sales agent and/or principal. The remaining capacity under the Sales Agreement is approximately 46.3 million as of December 31, 2022. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock. 
 Pursuant to our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 2019 Plan ), our management is authorized to grant equity incentive awards to our employees, directors and consultants. We also maintain a 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP pursuant to which our management is authorized to grant options to purchase shares of our common stock to our employees. In addition, in March 2020, we adopted a 2020 Inducement Plan, pursuant to which our board of directors, or a committee thereof, is authorized to grant inducement awards to new hires as a material inducement to their employment with us. 
 Additionally, the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2019 Plan is subject to an automatic increase on January 1 of each year through and including January 1, 2029, by 5.0 of the total 
 77 
 
 number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors. The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our ESPP is subject to an automatic increase on January 1 of each year through and including January 1, 2029, by the lesser of (i) 1.0 of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) 1,500,000 shares of common stock. Unless our board of directors elects not to increase the number of shares available for future grant each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. Shares of common stock that are either subject to outstanding options or reserved for future issuance under our employee benefit plans will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules, Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. If these additional shares of common stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Further, certain holders of our common stock are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares held by affiliates, as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders, and such activism could impact the trading value of our securities. 
 Stockholders may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance stockholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence on our board of directors and management. Activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction or seek changes in the composition of our board of directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A proxy contest would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses and administrative and associated costs and require significant time and attention by our board of directors and management, diverting their attention from the pursuit of our business strategy. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our strategy, or changes to the composition of our board of directors or senior management team arising from a proxy contest could lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or instability which may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, make it more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives, or limit our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If individuals are ultimately elected to our board of directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value for our stockholders. We may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of the proxy contest or matters arising from the proxy contest, which would serve as a further distraction to our board of directors and management and would require us to incur significant additional costs. In addition, actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based upon temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
 Our failure to meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements could result in a delisting of our common stock. 
 If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements of Nasdaq. 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control, which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 78 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 
 a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time; 

a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 

advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 

a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; 

a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 

the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 

In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirors to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; (v) any action or proceeding as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive 
 79 
 
 jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 
 General Risk Factors 
 If our information technology systems, or those used by our CROs or other contractors, consultants or third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences, including but not limited to regulatory investigation, actions, litigation, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, reputation harm, loss or revenue or profits, and other adverse consequences. 
 In the course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely, may process proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data (such as health-related data), intellectual property and trade secrets (collectively, sensitive information). 
 The sensitive information processed and stored in our technology systems, and those of our research collaborators, CROs, contractors, consultants and other third parties on which we depend to operate our business, may be vulnerable to cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud and other similar activities. These threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of threats, including but not limited to errors or malfeasance by our personnel or the personnel of the third parties, malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), software vulnerabilities, hacking, denial of service attacks (such as credential stuffing), social engineering (including phishing), ransomware, supply-chain attacks, server malfunctions, software or hardware failure, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Remote work remains common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. 
 Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could also expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in 
 80 
 
 acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 We rely upon third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, third-party providers of cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee communications, and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical trial activities) to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. While we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality and security of the sensitive information under our control, we cannot assure you that our security measures or those of the third parties we depend on will be effective in preventing security incidents. There are many different and rapidly evolving cybercrime and hacking techniques, and we may be unable to anticipate attempted security breaches, identify them before our sensitive information is exploited, or react in a timely manner. For example, we take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. Although, to our knowledge, we have not experienced a material system failure or security incident to date, if such an event were to occur, or we (or a third party upon whom we rely) are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections), additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data), litigation (including class claims), indemnification obligations, negative publicity, reputational harm, monetary fund diversions, interruptions in our operations (including availability of data), financial loss, and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. More specifically, for example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on third-party research institution collaborators, CROs, other contractors and consultants for many aspects of our business, including research and development activities and manufacturing of Livmarli and our product candidates, and similar events relating to their computer systems or data could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Security incidents and any unauthorized access or disclosure of our sensitive information could also compromise our intellectual property and patent portfolio, expose sensitive business information, expose the personal data of our employees, require us to incur significant remediation costs, disrupt key business operations and divert attention of management and key information technology resources. 
 81 
 
 Our insurance coverage may not be adequate for cybersecurity liabilities, may not continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, and any insurer may deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. 
 In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, and anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, contractors and other collaborators and partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the U.S., to sell Livmarli and any then-approved product internationally once we enter a commercialization phase, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations and other regulatory approvals. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, clinical research organizations, contractors and other collaborators and partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. 
 If we or our third-party manufacturers use hazardous and biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. 
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials, by our third-party manufacturers. Our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the U.S. governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical, radioactive and hazardous materials. Although we believe that our manufacturers procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical, radioactive or hazardous materials. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical radioactive or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 82 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company until December 31, 2024, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act or if we have total annual gross revenue of 1.235 billion or more during any fiscal year before that time, in which cases we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31 or, if we issue more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during any three year period before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company immediately. Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company which would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. Investors may find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, changes in rules of accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. or their interpretation, the adoption of new guidance or the application of existing guidance to changes in our business could significantly affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. Each fiscal year, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting in our Form 10-K filing for that year, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This will require that we incur substantial additional professional fees and internal costs to expand our accounting and finance functions and that we expend significant management efforts. Prior to our initial public offering, we have never been required to test our internal controls within a specified period, and, as a result, we may experience difficulty in meeting these reporting requirements in a timely manner. 
 We may discover weaknesses in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 
 83 
 
 If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or comparable regulatory authorities. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which require, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted. There are significant corporate governance and executive compensation related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that require the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas such as say on pay and proxy access. Recent legislation permits emerging growth companies to implement many of these requirements over a longer period. We have taken advantage of this new legislation, but we may be required to implement these requirements sooner than budgeted or planned and thereby incur unexpected expenses. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to continue to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our consolidated net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of Livmarli and any then-approved product or services. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Pro perties. 
 We lease 11,200 square feet of space for our headquarters in Foster City, California under an agreement that expires in March 2025. We also lease approximately 1,400 square feet of space for an office in Basel, Switzerland under an agreement that expires in May 2024. Additionally, we lease approximately 3,500 square feet of office space in Zug, Switzerland that expires May 2024. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our 
 84 
 
 current needs, and that suitable additional alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 None. 
 85 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol MIRM since July 18, 2019. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of March 3, 2023 there were 37,950,968 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 16 holders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number because certain stockholders who are beneficial owners hold our common stock in street name with brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, the RIPA limits our ability to declare dividends, including to whom they can be paid and the aggregate amount payable. Any future determination related to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report for information about our equity compensation plans which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 Not applicable. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Item 6. R eserved. 

86 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon our current beliefs, estimates, plans and expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors or in other parts of this Annual Report. 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the identification, acquisition, development and commercialization of novel therapies for debilitating rare and orphan diseases. We focus on diseases for which the unmet medical need is high and the biology for treatment is clear. 
 Our product LIVMARLI (maralixibat) oral solution Livmarli ), a novel, orally administered, minimally-absorbed IBAT inhibitor, is approved for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with Alagille syndrome ALGS one year of age and older in the United States and for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months and older in Europe. We believe the prevalent patient population in the United States is approximately 2,000 to 2,500 pediatric ALGS patients, which, based on our current expectations and beliefs, represents a greater than 500.0 million market opportunity. ALGS is estimated to impact one out of every 30,000 births globally. We market and commercialize Livmarli in the United States and certain countries in Europe through our specialized and focused commercial team. We have also entered into license and distribution agreements with several rare disease companies for the commercialization of Livmarli in additional countries. We are also developing Livmarli for PFIC and BA. We have submitted an sNDA to the FDA based on positive data from our Phase 3 study of Livmarli in patients with PFIC. We also expect to report topline data from our EMBARK Phase 2b clinical trial in BA in the second half of 2023. 
 We are advancing our second product candidate, volixibat, a novel, oral, minimally-absorbed agent designed to inhibit IBAT, for the treatment of adult patients with cholestatic liver diseases. We are developing volixibat for the treatment of PSC and PBC. Volixibat has been studied in over 400 adults for up to 48 weeks. Clinical trials of volixibat have shown significant activity on IBAT and bile acid markers such as 7 C4, fecal bile acids and cholesterol, demonstrating potent biological activity. We expect to conduct an interim analysis of our VISTAS Phase 2b clinical trial in PSC in mid-2023 and report interim data from our VANTAGE Phase 2b clinical trial in PBC in the second half of 2023. 
 We were incorporated in May 2018 and commenced operations in November 2018. To date, we have focused primarily on acquiring and in-licensing our product candidates, organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, advancing our product candidates through clinical development, preparing for commercialization of our product candidates, commercializing Livmarli, and conducting business development activities relating to, among other things, portfolio expansion through collaborations and acquisitions. 
 We have only one product approved for commercial sale and have not generated significant revenues from product sales, net as of December 31, 2022. We expect to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future. Since inception, we have funded our operations to date primarily through debt, equity, revenue interest financings and, to a lesser extent, cash from our product sales, net and collaboration revenue. 
 Financing Transactions 
 In August 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC declared effective a registration statement on Form S-3 Shelf Registration covering the sale of up to 300.0 million of our securities. Also, in August 2020, we entered into a sales agreement Sales Agreement with SVB Securities LLC SVB Securities pursuant to which we may elect to issue and sell, in an at the market offering, from time to time, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million under the Shelf Registration through SVB Securities acting as the sales agent and/or principal. 
 87 
 
 In August 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of our common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration. We sold 3,478,261 shares of common stock at a price to the public of 23.00 per share. In addition, we granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to 521,739 additional shares of our common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, which the underwriters exercised in full. The underwritten public offering, including the underwriters exercise of their option, resulted in net proceeds to us of 86.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold 1,160,915 shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement at a weighted-average price of 19.01 per share, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to us of 22.1 million. The net proceeds after deducting sales commissions to SVB Securities and other issuance expenses were approximately 21.3 million. Through December 31, 2022, we have issued and sold an aggregate of 1,466,884 shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to us of 28.7 million. The remaining capacity under the Sales Agreement is approximately 46.3 million as of December 31, 2022. In January and February 2023, we sold 658,206 shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement at a weighted-average price of 22.79 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 14.5 million. 
 In December 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of our common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration. We sold 3,750,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 20.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 70.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. In addition, we granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to 562,500 additional shares of our common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. In January 2021, the underwriters exercised their option for 375,654 shares of our common stock, resulting in net proceeds of 7.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts. 
 Financial Overview 
 Our net loss was 135.7 million and 84.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 392.8 million compared to 257.2 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and investments of 251.7 million, compared to 261.5 million as of December 31, 2021, in each case, 100.0 million of which is restricted from use under the terms of the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement RIPA ), as amended September 2021, by and among us and Mulholland SA LLC, an affiliate of Oberland Capital LLC, as agent for the purchasers party thereto (the Purchasers ), and the Purchasers. 
 We anticipate we will continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future as we continue commercial activities for Livmarli, conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials, seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and make potential milestone payments to the licensors and other third parties from whom we have in-licensed or acquired our product candidates. We expect our product sales of Livmarli will continue to increase on an annual basis, though seasonality in demand and international product ordering may result in quarterly fluctuations. We have also entered into collaboration arrangements with other companies whereby we are entitled to receive upfront and license fees, research and development funding, development and sales-based milestones, and tiered royalties based on sales of commercialized products. As a result, our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. 
 We expect to satisfy future cash needs through existing capital balances, product revenue from Livmarli and through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, limit, reduce or terminate the development of one or more of our product candidates or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market our product candidates even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and market such product candidates ourselves. 
 Prior to the regulatory approval of Livmarli, the manufacturing and related costs were expensed as research and development as any future economic benefit was not considered probable; accordingly, these costs were not 
 88 
 
 capitalized and as a result gross margins resulting from product sales will initially be higher until we deplete inventories that we had expensed prior to receiving approval. We expect we will substantially deplete such inventories within the next 12 months from the filing of the Annual Report. 
 Geopolitical and Macroeconomic Developments 
 The coronavirus (including its variants, COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant economic impact across the global marketplace presenting challenges to maintaining business continuity and dramatically changing the ways in which we live and interact with others. While vaccines have become widely available in certain countries, and businesses and economies have reopened, the status of global economic recovery remains uncertain and unpredictable, and will continue to be impacted by developments in the pandemic including any subsequent waves of outbreak or new variant strains of COVID-19 which may require re-closures or other preventative measures. As public health directives surrounding the pandemic have relaxed, our offices have reopened and we are permitting travel and in-person events, taking into consideration government restrictions, employee safety, and health risks. Our approach may vary among geographies depending on appropriate health protocols, and may change at any time. Additionally, our efforts to reopen our offices safely may not be successful, could expose our employees to health risks, and could involve additional costs or liability. 
 Due to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia, the U.S. and global financial markets experienced volatility, which has led to disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability and supply chain continuity globally. In connection with the military conflict, the United States, United Kingdom and European Union EU ), along with others, imposed significant new sanctions and export controls against Russia, Russian banks and certain Russian individuals and may implement additional sanctions or take further punitive actions in the future. The full economic and social impact of the sanctions imposed on Russia (as well as possible future punitive measures that may be implemented), as well as the counter measures imposed by Russia, in addition to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, which could conceivably expand into the surrounding region, remains uncertain; however, both the conflict and related sanctions have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability and supply chain continuity in both Europe and globally, and has introduced significant uncertainty into global markets. As a result, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, particularly to the extent it escalates to involve additional countries, further economic sanctions or wider military conflict. 
 Although we did not see a significant financial impact to our business operations as a result of recent geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing Ukraine-Russia conflict for the year ended December 31, 2022, there may be potential impacts to our business in the future that are highly uncertain and difficult to predict such as disruptions or restrictions in our supply chain, disruption or restrictions on our employees ability to travel, disruptions to or delays in ongoing non-clinical trials, clinical trials, third-party manufacturing supply and other operations, inability for patients to see their healthcare providers and access our product and product candidates, the potential diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials to focus on pandemic or adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic concerns, interruptions or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, continued increases in inflation and interest rates, changes in availability and cost of credit and our ability to raise capital and conduct business development activities. The ultimate impact of these geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, as well as any lasting effects on our revenue and the way we conduct our business, is highly uncertain and subject to continued change, and we recognize that they may continue to present unique challenges for us. 
 We continue to believe that existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, excluding restricted cash equivalents, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements and other business development initiatives that we plan to strategically pursue in the 12 months from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. However, should adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing Ukraine-Russia conflict and related sanctions, and any associated recession or depression continue for a prolonged period, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows could be materially impacted as a result of a lower likelihood of effectively and efficiently developing new medicines and successfully commercializing our products. 
 89 
 
 License Agreements 
 Assignment and License Agreement with Shire (Takeda) 
 In November 2018, we entered into the Shire License Agreement with Shire, which was subsequently acquired by Takeda, in which we were granted an exclusive, royalty bearing worldwide license to develop and commercialize our two product candidates, Livmarli and volixibat. As part of the Shire License Agreement, we were assigned license agreements held by Shire with Satiogen, Pfizer, and Sanofi (collectively, Assigned License Agreements ). 
 Under the Shire License Agreement and Assigned License Agreements, to date, we have paid aggregate development regulatory and sales milestones of 66.0 million related to our Livmarli and volixibat programs. 
 Satiogen Acquisition 
 In May 2022, we completed the acquisition of Satiogen for total consideration of 24.2 million. At the closing of the acquisition, Satiogen s assets consisted of cash and intangible assets related to developed technology. Through the transaction, we obtained all Satiogen-owned intellectual property relating to Livmarli and volixibat. The transaction resulted in a reduction of total licensing royalty obligations for Livmarli and volixibat. 
 The total potential consideration for the acquisition consisted of 841,792 shares of common stock and approximately 2.6 million in cash, excluding 0.2 million of stock option exercise prices deemed to have been paid immediately prior to the acquisition, in respect of an equivalent amount of cash on the books of Satiogen acquired by us at closing. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Product Sales, Net 
 Our approved product, Livmarli, was approved for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS one year of age and older in the United States and for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months and older in Europe. We expect our product sales of Livmarli will continue to increase on an annual basis, though seasonality in demand and international product ordering may result in quarterly fluctuations. 
 Our U.S. revenue from product sales, net further depends on our prescription mix of commercial payors, Medicaid and free drugs under our patient assistance program. We expect our prescription mix and resulting gross to net adjustment in the U.S. to remain consistent; however, we cannot reliably estimate it given our limited experience in the market. Our rest of world revenue from product sales, net primarily depends on our contractual obligations with our distributors and results of pricing negotiations with governmental authorities in certain European countries where we launch Livmarli and expect to launch our product candidates, if approved. In addition, in certain countries, governments place large periodic orders. The timing of these orders can be inconsistent and can create quarter-to-quarter variation in revenue. 
 License Revenue 
 Under the exclusive licensing agreements with CANbridge and GC Biopharma, we have recognized as revenue the upfront nonrefundable payments related to the licenses granted upon satisfaction of certain performance obligations. Pursuant to the agreements, we are eligible to receive future milestone payments. These milestone payments are fully constrained and will be recognized in revenue in the period when it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized for the contract would not occur. We are also eligible to receive royalty payments related to the agreements, which will be recognized as the underlying product sales occur. 
 Our license revenue is dependent upon our licensees achievement of future milestones, which are not within our control, and we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of such revenues. 
 Cost of Sales 
 90 
 
 Cost of sales consist of third party manufacturing costs, personnel, facility and other costs of manufacturing commercial products, transportation and freight, amortization of finite-lived intangible assets, amortization of capitalized intangibles associated with contractual milestone payments paid to licensors upon certain regulatory approval and sales-based events and royalty payments payable on net sales of Livmarli under licensing agreements. Cost of sales may also include period costs related to certain manufacturing services and inventory adjustment charges. Prior to receiving approval from the FDA in September 2021 to market and sell Livmarli in the United States, we expensed all costs incurred related to the manufacture of Livmarli as research and development expense because of the inherent risks associated with the development of a drug candidate, the uncertainty about the regulatory approval process and the lack of history as a company of regulatory approval of drug candidates. Our inventory of Livmarli produced prior to FDA approval is available for commercial or clinical use. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses primarily relate to clinical development and manufacturing activities of our product candidates. Our research and development expenses include, among other things: 
 salaries and related expenses for employee personnel, including benefits, travel and expenses related to stock-based compensation granted to personnel in development functions; 

external expenses paid to clinical trial sites, contract research organizations and consultants that conduct our clinical trials; 

expenses related to drug formulation development and the production of clinical trial supplies, including fees paid to contract manufacturers; 

licensing milestone payments related to development or regulatory events; 

research and development funding for collaboration arrangements; 

expenses related to non-clinical studies; 

expenses related to compliance with drug development regulatory requirements; and 

other allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, depreciation of equipment, and other supplies. 

We expense research and development costs as incurred. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses. The prepaid amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. Upfront payments, research and development funding and milestone payments made to third parties in connection with licenses and research and development collaborations are expensed as incurred. 
 Our research and development expense may increase in the future as we continue to develop our current product candidates and look to acquire and develop additional product candidates. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Sales and marketing expense, which is a component of selling, general and administrative expense, primarily consisted of employee-related expenses for our sales group, brand marketing, patient support groups and pre-commercialization expenses related to our product candidates. General and administrative expense, which is a component of selling, general and administrative expense, primarily consisted of corporate support and other administrative expenses, including employee-related expenses. 
 We anticipate that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support our continued commercialization efforts of Livmarli in the United States and internationally as well as increased costs of operating as a global commercial stage biopharmaceutical public company. These increases will likely include increased costs related to hiring of additional personnel and fees to outside consultants to support further marketing, legal, tax and accounting activities. 
 91 
 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash equivalents and investments. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense is related to the RIPA. Costs during the year consist primarily of costs associated with our liability and non-cash interest costs associated with the amortization of the related debt discount and deferred issuance costs. We impute interest expense associated with this liability using the effective interest rate method which is calculated based on the rate that would enable the debt to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement. 
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liability 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability consists of the gain or loss from remeasurement of the compound derivative liability related to the revenue interest liability during the period. 
 Gain from Sale of Priority Review Voucher, Net 
 Gain from the sale of priority review voucher PRV represents the sale of the PRV that was granted to us by the FDA in September 2021 along with the approval of Livmarli for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS one year of age and older. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists of gain or loss from remeasurement of the liabilities associated with the common stock to be issued in connection with the acquisition of Satiogen after the satisfaction of certain purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations that may arise during the 12 month period following the asset acquisition date Indemnification Holdback and the liability associated with the common stock to be issued in connection with the acquisition of Satiogen as contingent consideration upon achievement of a certain milestone Contingent Milestone both of which were recorded in connection with our acquisition of Satiogen and transactional currency exchange gain or loss. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and operating results require our management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported, including the amount of assets, liabilities, expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe the following accounting policies are the most critical for fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 Intangible assets, net are measured at their fair values as of the acquisition date or, in the case of commercial milestone payments, the date they become due. Intangible assets are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. We base the useful lives and related amortization expense on the period of time we estimate the assets will generate net product sales or otherwise be used. We also periodically review the lives assigned to our intangible assets to ensure that our initial estimates do not exceed any revised estimated periods from 
 92 
 
 which we expect to realize cash flows from the technologies. If a change were to occur in any of the above-mentioned factors or estimates, the likelihood of a material change in our reported results would increase. 
 We evaluate our intangible assets with finite lives for indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could trigger an impairment review include significant under-performance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business or significant negative industry or economic trends. If this evaluation indicates that the value of the intangible asset may be impaired, we make an assessment of the recoverability of the net carrying value of the asset over its remaining useful life. If this assessment indicates that the intangible asset is not recoverable, based on the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the technology over the remaining amortization period, we reduce the net carrying value of the related intangible asset to fair value and may adjust the remaining amortization period. 
 We make significant judgments in relation to the valuation of intangible assets resulting from asset acquisitions, particularly in the forecasts of future operating results that are used in the discounted cash flow valuation models. It is possible that plans may change and estimates used may prove to be inaccurate. If our actual results, or the plans and estimates used in future impairment analyses, are lower than the original estimates used to assess the recoverability of these assets, we could incur additional impairment charges. 
 Product Sales, Net 
 Revenues from direct product sales are recorded net of reserves established for applicable discounts and allowances that are offered within contracts with our customers, including amounts from payors and other third parties on behalf of our customers. For revenues from partner markets, we record net product sales based on the estimated variable consideration to be received when the product is sold. The transaction price, which may include fixed or variable consideration reflecting the impact of discounts and allowances, may be subject to constraint and is included in the product sales price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. We recognize our best estimate of the consideration that we expect to receive when control of the inventory is transferred to our customer and revenue is recognized. Estimates are reviewed and updated quarterly as additional information becomes known. Actual amounts may ultimately differ from our estimates. If actual results vary, we adjust these estimates, which could have an effect on earnings in the period of adjustment. 
 Government Rebates 
 We are obligated to pay rebates for mandated discounts under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Our rebate calculations may require estimates, including estimates of customer mix, to determine which sales will be subject to rebates and the amount of such rebates. We update estimates and assumptions on a quarterly basis and record any necessary adjustments to revenue in the period identified. Estimated rebates are recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period the related sale is recognized. To date, actual government rebates have not differed materially from our estimates. 
 Revenue Interest Liability, Net 
 We impute interest expense associated with this liability using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate is calculated based on the rate that would enable the debt to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement. The effective interest rate on the liability may vary during the term of the agreement depending on a number of factors, including the level of actual and forecasted product sales, net. We evaluate the interest rate quarterly based on actual product sales, net and on our current product sales, net forecasts utilizing the prospective method. A significant increase or decrease in product sales, net will materially impact the revenue interest liability, interest expense and the time period for repayment. 
 At December 31, 2022, the revenue interest liability is calculated using our current estimate of global forecasted net sales of Livmarli and impacted by a debt discount comprising the estimated value of a bifurcated derivative liability and issuance costs incurred. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 93 
 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. We accrue and expense clinical trial activities performed by third parties based upon estimates of the proportion of work completed over the life of the individual study and patient enrollment rates in accordance with agreements established with clinical research organizations, clinical trial sites and other vendors associated with the clinical trials. We determine the estimates by reviewing contracts, vendor agreements and purchase orders and through discussions with internal clinical personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. 
 We make estimates of accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of our estimates with the service providers and make adjustments, if necessary. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we will adjust the accrual accordingly. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods and services, including fees for process development or manufacturing and distribution of clinical supplies that will be used in future research and development activities, are deferred and recognized as expense in the period that the related goods are consumed or services are performed. 
 Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts actually incurred. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. The evaluation of uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex tax laws. Although management believes our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination or the refinement of an estimate. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management s expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 A description of recent accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 94 
 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenue: 

Product sales, net 

75,062 

3,138 

71,924 

License revenue 

2,000 

16,000 

(14,000) 

Total revenue 

77,062 

19,138 

57,924 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of sales 

12,374 

1,903 

10,471 

Research and development 

106,842 

131,428 

(24,586) 

Selling, general and administrative 

89,066 

59,220 

29,846 

Total operating expenses 

208,282 

192,551 

15,731 

Loss from operations 

(131,220) 

(173,413) 

42,193 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

3,857 

366 

3,491 

Interest expense 

(15,979) 

(17,590) 

1,611 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

906 

(732) 

1,638 

Other income (expense), net 

365 

(582) 

947 

Gain from sale of priority review voucher, net 

108,000 

(108,000) 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

(142,071) 

(83,951) 

(58,120) 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(6,406) 

37 

(6,443) 

Net Loss 

(135,665) 

(83,988) 

(51,677) 

Product Sales, Net 
 Product sales, net was 75.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in product sales, net was a result of our continued commercialization of Livmarli in the United States, and, to a lesser extent, from international sales through partner market supply orders. 
 License Revenue 
 License revenue was 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 16.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in license revenue was primarily due to the satisfaction of certain performance obligations associated with the licenses granted under the license agreements with CANbridge and GC Biopharma in 2021. We did not have any comparable performance obligations in 2022. 
 Cost of Sales 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of sales was 12.4 million, compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and primarily consisted of royalties payable on net sales of Livmarli under licensing agreements, amortization of capitalized commercial milestone payments and acquired intangibles associated with our acquisition of Satiogen and indirect overhead costs associated with the manufacturing and distribution of Livmarli. There were minimal inventory costs reflected in cost of sales as inventory related to current product sold were expensed as research and development costs prior to Livmarli approval in the United States in September 2021. 
 95 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in research and development expenses relating to our product candidates in development for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Product-specific costs: 

Livmarli 

40,228 

35,525 

4,703 

Volixibat 

21,159 

15,691 

5,468 

Non product-specific costs: 

Personnel 

25,298 

21,999 

3,299 

Stock-based compensation 

10,051 

9,888 

163 

Other 

10,106 

6,309 

3,797 

License fees (milestone payments) 

23,161 

(23,161) 

Collaboration funding 

18,855 

(18,855) 

Total research and development expenses 

106,842 

131,428 

(24,586) 

Research and development expenses were 106.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 24.6 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to: 
 for Livmarli programs, an increase of 4.7 million, primarily due to an increase of 6.6 million in clinical trial expenses primarily for the EMBARK Phase 2b clinical trial for BA, a long term rollover study from the MARCH Phase 3 clinical trial for PFIC and an infant safety study offset by 1.4 million in clinical trial expenses for the MARCH Phase 3 clinical trial, which was completed during 2022 and 0.7 million in manufacturing activities as a result of prior year completion of an NDA registrational production; 

for volixibat programs, an increase of 5.5 million, primarily due to an increase of 4.8 million in clinical trial expenses for PSC, PBC and ICP and non-clinical studies of 0.5 million; 

for personnel related expenses, an increase of 3.3 million, related to an increase in employee headcount to support our development pipeline; 

for other expense, an increase of 3.8 million, primarily due to outside consulting expenses, travel expenses and general overhead expenses; 

for license fees, a decrease of 23.2 million, related to developmental milestone payments for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisting of 15.0 million associated with the acceptance of our NDA for filing of Livmarli for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS one year of age and older, 4.0 million associated with the initiation of the VISTAS Phase 2b clinical trial of volixibat in PSC and the EMBARK Phase 2 clinical trial of maralixibat for BA, and 4.2 million in an upfront fee in connection with the Vivet Collaboration Agreement; and 

for collaboration funding, a decrease of 18.9 million due to a collaboration agreement with Vivet Therapeutics SAS Vivet ), which we terminated in 2021. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 89.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 29.8 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 15.8 million in personnel and other compensation related expenses, including an increase of 3.9 million in stock-based compensation, reflecting an increase in the number of our selling, marketing and administrative employees to support commercial activities for Livmarli and increased requirements of operating as a public company, an increase of 10.9 million in advertising, promotion and patient support expenses associated with commercial activities for Livmarli, and an increase of 2.6 million in expenses primarily related to general legal and public relations, international expansion activities and other general administrative expenses. 
 96 
 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income was 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 3.5 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher interest earned on our cash equivalents and investment balances largely due to higher treasury yields. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 16.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.6 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense is related to the accreted interest recognized on the revenue interest liability in connection with the RIPA, with the decrease due to lower effective interest rate resulting from changes in estimates that enable the debt to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement. 
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liability 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability was 0.9 million gain for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a 0.7 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the gain was related to the remeasurement of the derivative liability at December 31, 2022 and reflects a decrease in value of the put option associated with the RIPA resulting from the reduction in time for the put option to occur. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the loss was related to the remeasurement of the derivative liability at December 31, 2021 and reflects the net increase in the value of the underlying put option associated with the RIPA primarily resulting from changes in forecast product sales, net. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net was income of 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to expense of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change is primarily due to a gain resulting from the fair value remeasurement in the Satiogen Indemnification Holdback and Contingent Milestone liabilities since the acquisition date, which was primarily driven by a decrease in price of our common stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 Gain from Sale of Priority Review Voucher, Net 
 We did not have, and therefore did not sell, a PRV in the year ended December 31, 2022. Gain from the sale of the PRV, net of transaction costs, totaled 108.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily through debt, equity, revenue interest financings and, to a lesser extent, cash from our product sales and license and collaboration revenue. We had 251.7 million of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and investments as of December 31, 2022, compared to 261.5 million as of December 31, 2021, in each case, inclusive of 100.0 million restricted cash equivalents. Since inception, we have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 392.8 million, compared to 257.2 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 In August 2020, the SEC declared effective the Shelf Registration covering the sale of up to 300.0 million of our securities. Also, in August 2020, we entered into the Sales Agreement with SVB Securities pursuant to which we may elect to issue and sell, in an at the market offering, from time to time, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million under the Shelf Registration through SVB Securities acting as the sales agent and/or principal. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold 1,160,915 shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement at a weighted-average price of 19.01 per share, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to us of 22.1 million. The net proceeds after deducting sales commissions to SVB Securities and other issuance expenses were approximately 21.3 million. Through December 31, 2022, we have issued and sold an aggregate of 1,466,884 shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to us of 28.7 million. The remaining capacity under the Sales Agreement is 
 97 
 
 approximately 46.3 million as of December 31, 2022. In January and February 2023, we sold 658,206 shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement at a weighted-average price of 22.79 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 14.5 million. 
 In December 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of our common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration. We sold 3,750,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 20.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 70.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. In addition, we granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to 562,500 additional shares of our common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. In January 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their option and purchased 375,654 shares of our common stock at a price of 20.0 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 7.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts. 
 In August 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of our common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration. We sold 3,478,261 shares of common stock at a price to the public of 23.00 per share. In addition, we granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to 521,739 additional shares of our common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, which the underwriters exercised in full. The underwritten public offering, including the underwriters exercise of their option, resulted in net proceeds to us of 86.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. 
 On September 9, 2022, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which became effective upon filing, pursuant to which we registered for sale from time to time in one or more offerings an unlimited amount of any combination of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants, so long as we continue to satisfy the requirements of a well-known seasoned issuer under SEC rules. This automatic shelf registration statement will remain in effect for up to three years from the date it became effective. As of December 31, 2022, we have not issued any securities pursuant to the automatic shelf registration statement. We may lose well-known seasoned issuer status in the future upon the occurrence of certain events prescribed by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC occurring after we file this Annual Report if, at the time of those certain events, the worldwide market value of our voting and non-voting common equity held by our non-affiliates does not equal 700.0 million or more, calculated as of a date within 60 days prior to such events. If that were to occur and we were no longer considered a well-known seasoned issuer, we anticipate needing to amend our automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 prior to the occurrence of such events in order to sell securities under that Form S-3 on an ongoing basis. 
 Based on our current and anticipated level of operations, including cash generated from sales of Livmarli, we believe our cash, cash equivalents and investments, excluding restricted cash equivalents, will be sufficient to fund current operations through at least the next 12 months and beyond from the filing of this Annual Report. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments include money market funds, government agency securities and commercial paper. We maintain established guidelines relating to diversification and maturities of our investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. 
 We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we continue research efforts and the development of our product candidates, continue commercialization activities for Livmarli and potentially expand into additional markets, hire additional staff, including clinical, scientific, operational, financial and management personnel and pay potential development and commercial milestones in connection with our license agreements. 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures, and to a lesser extent, selling, general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 Although Livmarli has been approved for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS in patients one year of age and older in the United States and for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients two months of age and older in Europe, and we expect product revenues to increase as we continue commercial activities, Livmarli may not achieve commercial success. Our principal sources of liquidity are cash from the sale of 
 98 
 
 our equity securities, product revenue from sales of Livmarli, and, to a lesser extent, from our collaboration agreements. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate sufficient product revenue from sales of Livmarli, our current product candidates or any future product candidates, if approved, to fund operations, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, revenue interest purchase agreements and potential collaboration, license or development agreements. Our primary cash needs are for day-to-day operations, to pay our debt obligations under the RIPA and to fund our working capital requirements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect rights as a stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. As a result of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, actions taken to slow its spread, the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, actual and anticipated changes in interest rates, economic inflation and the responses by central banking authorities to control such inflation, the global credit and financial markets have experienced volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our drug development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 In addition to ongoing capital needs to fund our ongoing operations, our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Pursuant to the RIPA, the Purchasers have a right to receive the Revenue Interests based on product sales, net of Livmarli. The amounts of quarterly Revenue Interest Payments will change each reporting period based upon the underlying product sales, net of Livmarli and will initially be 9.75 of product sales, net. Under the RIPA, every 100.0 million of net sales generated, less than or equal to 350 million in an annual aggregate, would result in a repayment obligation of approximately 9.8 million. Additionally, every 100.0 million of net sales generated in excess of 350.0 million in an annual aggregate would result in a repayment obligation of approximately 2.0 million. In the future, as net sales thresholds set forth in the agreement are met and the repayment percentage rate changes, the amount of the obligation and timing of payment is likely to change. A significant increase or decrease in actual and forecast net sales will materially impact the revenue interest liability, interest expense and the time period for repayment. 
 Under the Shire License Agreement, as well as our other license and acquisition agreements, we have payment obligations that are contingent upon future events such as our achievement of specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and are required to make royalty payments in connection with the sale of products developed under those agreements. The amount and timing of milestone obligations are unknown or uncertain as we are unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of achieving the milestone events. Additionally, the amount of royalty payments are based upon future product sales, which we are unable to predict with certainty. These potential obligations are further described in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We additionally have contractual obligations for our operating leases for our corporate headquarters. These obligations are further described in Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We are party to certain license and collaboration agreements, which contain a number of contractual obligations. Those contractual obligations may entitle us to receive, or may obligate us to make, certain payments. 
 99 
 
 The amount and timing of those payments are unknown or uncertain as we are unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of the events that will obligate those payments. 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with clinical research organizations and clinical sites for the conduct of clinical trials, non-clinical research studies, professional consultants for expert advice and other vendors for clinical supply manufacturing or other services. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice, and therefore are cancelable contracts. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a summary of the net cash flow activity for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(120,136) 

(132,758) 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

7,700 

48,547 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

109,087 

73,466 

Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents 

12 

(1) 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents 

(3,337) 

(10,746) 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 120.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting our net loss of 135.7 million partially offset by non-cash items of 36.6 million. Non-cash items consisted primarily of 27.0 million of stock-based compensation, 16.0 million of effective interest expense in connection with the RIPA, 3.7 million of depreciation and amortization of our intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease right-of use assets, 6.6 million related to deferred tax liability recognized as a result of intangible assets acquired as part of the Satiogen acquisition, 1.7 million accretion of discounts on our investments, 0.9 million gain related to the change in fair value of Indemnification Holdback and Contingent Milestone liabilities and 0.9 million gain related to the change in fair value of the derivative liability. Additionally, cash used in operating activities reflected changes in net operating assets of 21.0 million, consisting primarily of a 20.7 million increase in accounts receivable related to sales of Livmarli, a 3.4 million increase in inventory, a 3.7 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, a 0.1 million increase in other long term assets, and a 0.7 million decrease in operating lease liability, partially offset by a 7.6 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 132.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting our net loss of 84.0 million partially offset by non-cash items of 42.2 million and a non-cash gain of 108.0 million from the sale of the PRV. Non-cash items consisted primarily of 23.1 million of stock-based compensation, 17.6 million of effective interest expense in connection with the RIPA, 0.7 million related to the change in fair value of the derivative liability, and 1.0 million of depreciation and amortization of our fixed assets and operating lease right-of use assets. Additionally, cash used in operating activities reflected changes in net operating assets of 17.0 million, consisting primarily of a 22.7 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities primarily associated with clinical, manufacturing and commercial planning activities and collaboration funding pursuant to the collaboration agreement with Vivet and 5.0 million increase in prepaid expenses, inventory and other assets, partially offset by a 0.6 million decrease in our operating lease liability. 
 Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to proceeds of 140.3 million from maturities of investments, partially offset by 132.3 million used in purchases of investments and 0.3 million used in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 48.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to 108.0 million of net proceeds received from the sale of the PRV, proceeds of 155.6 million from maturities of investments, and proceeds of 2.0 million from paydowns of investments partially offset by 198.0 million used in purchases of investments and 19.0 million in milestone payments triggered under license agreements. 
 100 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 109.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to net proceeds of 86.1 million from completion of an underwritten public offering of 4,000,000 shares of common stock at a price of 23.00 per share, net proceeds of 21.3 million from the issuance and sale of common stock under the Sales Agreement with SVB Securities, pursuant to which we issued and sold an aggregate of 1,160,915 shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 19.01 per share, and proceeds of 7.3 million from employee equity award exercises, partially offset by 5.6 million of revenue interest payments made under the RIPA. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 73.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to net proceeds of 64.6 million pursuant to the RIPA, net proceeds of 6.9 million received from the underwriters when they exercised their option to purchase 375,654 shares of our common stock in January 2021 following the follow-on underwritten public offering of our common stock in December 2020, and proceeds of 2.1 million from employee equity award exercises, partially offset by 0.1 million of revenue interest payments made under the RIPA. 
 JOBS Act 
 As an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ), we can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We intend to rely on other exemptions provided by the JOBS Act, including without limitation, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) December 31, 2024, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 101 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and investments as of December 31, 2022 consist of readily available checking, money market funds, and investments. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve our capital to fund operations. We invest in highly liquid and high-quality government and debt securities. As a result, our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Although we are seeing, and expect to continue to see, increased interest rates, due to the strategies we employ, as of the date of this Annual Report, we do not expect anticipated changes in interest rates to have a material effect on our interest rate risk in future reporting periods due to the short-term nature of the instruments in our portfolio and the low risk profile of our investments. For example, a hypothetical change in interest rates of 100 basis points would not have a material impact on the fair market value of our cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and investments as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we maintain significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one financial institution that is in excess of federally insured limits. 
 We have entered into the RIPA. Our primary exposure to interest rate risk is that the effective interest rate on the liability may vary during the term of the RIPA primarily due to the level of actual and forecasted net product sales. Due to the nature of the RIPA instrument, the total interest due under this facility is fixed. However, a significant increase or decrease in actual and forecasted net product sales may materially impact the interest expense recognized each reporting period. 
 Foreign Currency Rate Risk 
 Our operations include activities in the U.S., Switzerland and certain other countries in Europe. While our operating results are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and various foreign currencies, the most significant of which are the Swiss Franc and the Euro, as of December 31, 2022, we had minimal assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and, as a result, changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation and changing prices had a significant impact on our results of operations for any periods presented herein. 
 102 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 104 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 105 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 106 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 107 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 108 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 109 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 110 

103 
 
 Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March 8, 2023 
 104 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Ba lance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash equivalents 

Long-term investments 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Revenue interest liability, net 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and liquidation value of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to repurchase as of December 31, 2022; and shares issued and shares outstanding, excluding shares subject to repurchase as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 105 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Product sales, net 

License revenue 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of sales 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Gain from sale of priority review voucher, net 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 106 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive gain (loss): 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments 

() 

() 

Cumulative translation adjustments 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 107 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of S tockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Income (Loss) 

Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with equity incentive plans 

Issuance of common stock in connection with public offering, net of issuance costs 

Restricted common stock vested in the period 

Issuance of common stock in connection with Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with asset acquisition 

Issuance of common stock in connection with equity incentive plans 

Issuance of common stock in at-the-market offerings, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock in connection with public offering, net of issuance costs 

Restricted common stock vested in the period 

Issuance of common stock in connection with Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 108 

Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Stateme nts of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Reconciliation of net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Net accretion of discounts on investments 

() 

() 

Non-cash interest expense related to the revenue interest liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

() 

Change in fair value of contingent liabilities associated with acquisition 

() 

Deferred income taxes associated with an acquisition 

() 

Gain on sale of priority review voucher, net 

() 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid and other current assets 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing activities 

Purchase of investments 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of investments 

Proceeds from paydown of investments 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of priority review voucher, net 

Additions to intangible assets 

() 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in public offerings, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in at-the-market offerings, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to equity plans 

Proceeds from revenue interest liability, net of issuance costs 

Payments on revenue interest liability 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents 

() 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Operating cash flows paid for operating lease 

Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for acquired intangible assets 

Accrued milestone payments classified as intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax liability incurred from acquired intangible 

Contingent milestone liability for common stock issuance for acquired intangible assets 

Indemnification Holdback liability for common stock issuance in exchange for acquired intangible assets 

Stock-based compensation capitalized into inventory 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liability 

Inventory purchases included in accrued liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 109 

Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 , and is headquartered in Foster City, California. The Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the identification, acquisition, development and commercialization of novel therapies for debilitating rare and orphan diseases. The Company s product LIVMARLI (maralixibat) oral solution Livmarli ), was approved for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with Alagille syndrome ALGS one year of age and older in the United States in September 2021 and for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months and older in Europe in December 2022. The Company s development pipeline consists of two clinical-stage product candidates, Livmarli and volixibat. The Company commenced significant operations in November 2018. The Company views its operations and manages its business as operating segment. The Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. Liquidity The Company has a limited operating history, has incurred significant operating losses since its inception, and the revenue and income potential of the Company s business and market are unproven. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million and cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and investments of million. The Company believes that its unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and investments of million as of December 31, 2022, provide sufficient capital resources to continue its operations for at least twelve months from the issuance date of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. T he consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management expects to continue to incur additional substantial losses in the foreseeable future as a result of the Company s research and development activities. 

The Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect the Company s estimates of the impact of the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment, including the impact of inflation, higher interest rates, foreign exchange rate fluctuations and the COVID-19 pandemic. The duration and the scope of these conditions cannot be predicted; therefore, the extent to which these conditions will directly or indirectly impact the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, is uncertain. The Company is not aware of any specific event or circumstance that would require an update to its estimates, judgments and assumptions or a revision of the carrying value of the Company s assets or liabilities as of the date of this filing. 

Restricted cash equivalents 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash equivalents 

customer that accounted for approximately 23 and zero, respectively, of accounts receivable. For the years ended 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have revenue attributable to any one customer in excess of 10 of sales. 
 at the date of purchase and which mature at, or less than twelve months from the balance sheet date, are classified as a current asset. Investments are recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. The Company periodically evaluates whether declines in fair values of its available-for-sale securities below their cost basis are other-than-temporary and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. This evaluation consists of several qualitative and quantitative factors regarding the severity and duration of the unrealized loss as well as the Company s ability and intent to hold the available-for-sale security until a forecasted recovery occurs. Additionally, the Company assesses whether it has plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not it will be required to sell any available-for-sale securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization and accretion, as well as interest and dividends, are included in interest income. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are also included in interest income (loss). To date, the Company has t identified any other than temporary declines in fair value of its investments. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their useful lives or the related lease term. As of December 31, 2022, property and equipment consisted primarily of leasehold improvements of million and furniture and equipment of million. As of December 31, 2021, property and equipment consisted primarily of leasehold improvements of million and furniture and equipment of million. Accumulated depreciation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense was million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 impairments of long-lived assets for any of the periods presented. 

() 

Intangible assets - Satiogen acquisition 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Gross Carrying Value 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
 Net Carrying Amount 

Intangible asset - commercial milestone payments 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, the remaining weighted-average amortization period of the Company s intangible assets was years. The remaining weighted-average amortization periods of the commercial milestone payments and the Satiogen Pharmaceutical, Inc. Satiogen acquisition intangible assets were years and years, respectively. Amortization expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in cost of sales on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Amount 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

months or less are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s leases do not contain any residual value guarantees. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized as rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments include lease operating expenses. 

The Company enters into collaborative arrangements with partners and analyzes the collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within the scope of Collaborative Arrangements (Topic 808) Topic 808 and determine whether such arrangements involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. This assessment is performed throughout the life of the arrangement based on changes in the responsibilities of all parties in the arrangement. The accounting for some of the activities under collaboration arrangements may be subject to Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Topic 606 for distinct units of account that are reflective of a vendor-customer relationship. For other elements of collaboration arrangements, such as reimbursements of certain development costs, the Company generally records reimbursements received as a reduction of research and development expenses. In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized under Topic 606 as the Company fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements, the Company performs the following steps: (i) identification of the contracts with customers; (ii) determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) determination and measurement of the transaction price, including any constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. The terms of the Company s license and collaborative research and development agreements include upfront license fees, research, development and other funding or reimbursements, milestone and other contingent payments for the achievement of defined collaboration objectives and certain development, regulatory and sales-based events, as well as royalties on sales of commercialized products. Arrangements that include upfront payments may require deferral of revenue recognition to a future period until the Company satisfies performance obligations under these arrangements. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service and is the unit of accounting in Topic 606. A contract s transaction price is allocated among each distinct performance obligation based on relative standalone selling price and recognized as revenue when, or as, the applicable performance obligation is satisfied. If a license to the Company s intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, the Company recognizes revenues attributed to the license when the license is transferred to the customer and the customer is able to use and benefit from the license. At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments, the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being achieved and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price as variable consideration using the most likely amount method or expected value method, depending on the nature of the contingency and the variable payments. If it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized for the contract would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the control of the Company or the licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not generally considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. Given the high degree of uncertainty around the occurrence of these events, the Company generally determines the milestone and other contingent amounts to be fully constrained until the uncertainty associated with these payments is resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of any development milestones, and if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the transaction price. Any such adjustments would be recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenues and earnings in the period of adjustment. For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level of sales, the Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when or as the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). Accounting for these arrangements requires the Company to develop assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation identified in the contract. The Company has never sold the performance obligations in its collaborative arrangements separately; therefore, an observable stand-alone selling price does not exist. Accordingly, the Company estimates a stand-alone selling price through maximizing the use of observable inputs such as market data, project cost estimates, and targeted margins. Cost of Product Sales Prior to receiving approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in September 2021 to sell Livmarli in the United States, the Company expensed all costs incurred related to the manufacture of Livmarli as research and development expense because of the inherent risks associated with the development of a drug candidate, the uncertainty about the regulatory approval process and the lack of history for the Company of regulatory approval of drug candidates. Subsequent to receiving FDA approval, when commercialization was considered probable and the future economic benefit was expected to be realized, the Company began capitalizing inventory costs incurred. Cost of product sales consist of manufacturing costs, transportation and freight, amortization of capitalized intangible assets, royalties and indirect overhead costs associated with the manufacturing and distribution of Livmarli. Cost of product sales may also include period costs related to certain manufacturing services and inventory adjustment charges. 
 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 whether the tax benefit will more likely than not be realized is based upon the technical merits of the tax position as well as consideration of the available facts and circumstances. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, are recorded as a component of income tax expense. 

() 

Add: Change in fair value of Holdback Indemnification liability 

() 

Add: Change in fair value of Contingent Milestone liability 

() 

Net loss, diluted 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Weighted-average Holdback-Indemnification shares issuable 

Weighted-average contingent shares 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, diluted 

Net loss per share, basic 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, diluted 

() 

() 

Common stock subject to repurchase 

Employee stock purchase plan contingently issuable 

Total 

2016-13, the FASB issued ASU 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses . This ASU does not change the core principle of the guidance in ASU 2016-13, instead these amendments are intended to clarify and improve operability of certain topics included within the credit losses guidance. The FASB also subsequently issued ASU No. 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Financial Instruments (Topic 842), which did not change the core principle of the guidance in ASU 2016-13 but clarified that expected recoveries of amounts previously written off and expected to be written off should be included in the valuation account and should not exceed amounts previously written off and expected to be written off. In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-3, Codification Improvements to Financial Instruments which makes narrow-scope improvements to various financial instruments topics, including the new credit losses standard and clarifies the following areas (i) the contractual term of a net investment in a lease should be the contractual term used to measure expected credit losses; (ii) when an entity regains control of financial assets sold, an allowance for credit losses should be recorded. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019 for public business entities, excluding smaller reporting companies. For smaller reporting companies, the guidance will be effective during the first quarter of 2023. The Company does not expect the new standard to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In October 2021, the FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers , which requires an entity (acquirer) to recognize and measure contract assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. The Company does not expect the new standard to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

U.S. treasury bills 

Commercial paper 

U.S. government bonds 

Total financial assets 

Financial liabilities: 

Contingent milestone liability 

Derivative liability 

Indemnification holdback 

Total financial liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Financial assets: 

Money market fund 

Commercial paper 

U.S. government bonds 

Total financial assets 

Financial liabilities: 

Derivative liability 

Total financial liabilities 

The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximate their related fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. Money market funds and U.S. treasury bills are highly liquid investments and are actively traded. The pricing information on these investment instruments is readily available and can be independently validated as of the measurement date. This approach results in the classification of these securities as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. U.S. government agency bonds, U.S. government bonds and commercial paper, are measured at fair value using Level 2 inputs. The Company reviews trading activity and pricing for these investments as of each measurement date. The carrying amount of the revenue interest liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximates its fair value and is based on the Company s contractual repayment obligation to the Purchasers, based on the current estimates of future revenues, over the life of the RIPA. The derivative liability and Indemnification Holdback liability (each as defined below) are each considered a Level 3 input based on the three-level hierarchy. At time of issuance, the Contingent Milestone liability at fair value was recognized using Level 3 inputs as no observable inputs were available at the time in the market. At December 31, 2022, the Contingent Milestone liability has been reclassified as a Level 1 input as the significant inputs were known and observable. Derivative Liability The debt pursuant to the RIPA (refer to Note 6 Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement for further information) contains an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation as a single compound derivative instrument. The Company estimated the fair value of the derivative liability using a with-and-without method. The with-and-without methodology involves valuing the whole instrument on an as-is basis and then valuing the instrument without the individual embedded derivative. The difference between the entire instrument with the embedded derivative compared to the instrument without the embedded derivative was the fair value of the derivative liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The estimated probability and timing of underlying events triggering the exercisability of the put option contained within the RIPA, forecasted cash flows and the discount rate are significant unobservable inputs used to determine the estimated fair value of the entire instrument with the embedded derivative. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the discount rate used for valuation of the derivative liability was , respectively. 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Indemnification Holdback and Contingent Milestone Liabilities In May 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Satiogen (refer to Note 7 Asset Acquisitions for further information), the Company recorded at fair value liabilities related to the Company s common stock issuable upon satisfaction of certain purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations that may arise during the 12 month period following the asset acquisition date Indemnification Holdback and contingent consideration upon achievement of a certain milestone Contingent Milestone ). The fair value of the Indemnification Holdback and the Contingent Milestone was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and was estimated based upon the value of the Company s common stock price. The fair value of the Indemnification Holdback was additionally determined based on management s estimate of the probability of indemnification obligations being incurred during the one year following the acquisition date, while the fair value of the Contingent Milestone was additionally determined based upon management s estimate of the probability of the milestone being met. The fair value of the Indemnification Holdback and Contingent Milestone was initially measured on May 20, 2022, the date on which the Company completed the acquisition of Satiogen. The Company assesses the fair value of the Indemnification Holdback and Contingent Milestone each reporting period until resolution of the related contingency and changes in fair value are recorded in other income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the contingency for the Contingent Milestone was resolved and the fair value of the liability was determined based solely upon the closing price of the Company s common stock. 

Initial recognition 

Change in fair value 

() 

() 

Transfer out of Level 3 fair value hierarchy 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Indemnification Holdback and Contingent Milestone liabilities are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. The change in fair value was recorded in Other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 

U.S. treasury bills 

() 

Commercial paper 

U.S. government bonds 

() 

Total cash equivalents and investments 

() 

Classified as: 

Cash equivalents 

Cash equivalents - restricted 

Short-term investments 

Total cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and investments 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gain 

Unrealized Loss 

Estimated Fair Value 

Cash equivalents and investments: 

Money market fund 

Commercial paper 

U.S. government bonds 

() 

Total cash equivalents and investments 

() 

Classified as: 

Cash equivalents 

Cash equivalents - restricted 

Short-term investments 

Long-term investments 

Total cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and investments 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there have been significant realized gains or losses on available-for-sale investments, investments have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months, and the Company did t recognize any other-than-temporary impairment losses on these securities. 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued compensation and related benefits 

Accrued clinical trials 

Accrued professional service fees 

Accrued rebates payable 

Accrued contract manufacturing and non-clinical costs 

Accrued royalties payable 

Accrued collaboration funding 

Total accrued expenses 

I n December 2020, the Company entered into the RIPA, as amended in September 2021, with Mulholland SA LLC, an affiliate of Oberland Capital LLC, as agent for the Purchasers, and the Purchasers to obtain financing for the commercialization and further development of Livmarli and other working capital needs. Pursuant to the RIPA, the Company has received million consisting of an upfront payment of million in December 2020 and million in April 2021 associated with the acceptance for filing by the FDA of a New Drug Application for Livmarli for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS, less certain transaction expenses . The Company was entitled to receive an additional million upon FDA approval of Livmarli, which it elected to forgo. The Company was also entitled to receive up to approximately million at the option of the Purchasers to finance in-licenses or other acquisitions on or prior to December 31, 2022, which the Company did not request. As consideration for such payments, the Purchasers have the right to receive certain revenue interests (the Revenue Interests from the Company based on annual product sales, net of Livmarli, which will be tiered payments (the Revenue Interest Payments based on whether such annual product sales, net are (i) less than or equal to million Tier 1 ), (ii) exceeding million and less than or equal to billion Tier 2 ), or (iii) exceeding billion Tier 3 ). The Revenue Interest Payments will initially be (at Tier 1) and (at Tier 2 and Tier 3) of such annual net sales. If the Purchasers have received Revenue Interest Payments in an amount equal to or greater than 110.0 of the total payments actually made by the Purchasers to the Company, exclusive of transaction expenses (the Cumulative Purchaser Payments ), on or prior to December 31, 2026, the Revenue Interests shall be reduced to at Tier 1 and at Tier 3 for all subsequent calendar years beginning on January 1, 2027. If the Purchasers have not received Revenue Interest Payments in an amount equal to or greater than of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments on or prior to December 31, 2026, the Revenue Interests shall be increased for all subsequent calendar years beginning on January 1, 2027 to a single defined rate (with no separate tiers) that would have provided the Purchasers with an amount equal to 110.0 of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments on or prior to December 31, 2026 had such rate applied to Tier 1 of initial Revenue Interest Payments. The Purchasers rights to receive the Revenue Interest Payments shall terminate on the date on which the Purchasers have received Revenue Interest Payments of of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments, unless the RIPA is terminated earlier. Under the RIPA, the Company has an option (the Call Option to terminate the RIPA and repurchase future Revenue Interests at any time upon advance written notice. Additionally, the Purchasers have an option (the Put Option to terminate the RIPA and to require the Company to repurchase future Revenue Interests upon enumerated events such as a bankruptcy event, an uncured material breach, a material adverse effect or a change of control, or upon the 12 th anniversary of the first payment made by Purchasers. If the Put Option is exercised prior to the first anniversary of the closing date by the Purchasers (except pursuant to a change of control), the required repurchase price will be of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments (minus all payments Company has made to the Purchasers in connection with the Revenue Interests). In all other cases, if the Put Option or the Call Option are exercised, the required repurchase price will be of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments (minus all payments Company has made to the Purchasers in connection with the Revenue Interests), if such option is exercised prior to the third anniversary of the closing date, and of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments (minus all payments Company has made to the Purchasers in connection with the Revenue Interests) if such option is exercised thereafter. In addition, the RIPA contains various representations and warranties, information rights, non-financial and financial covenants, indemnification obligations and other provisions that are customary for a transaction of this nature. The Purchasers obligations to fund the scheduled installments are subject to certain customary conditions as set forth in the RIPA. Concurrently with the RIPA, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement CSPA with certain affiliates of Oberland, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. The million upfront payment received pursuant to the RIPA and million received pursuant to the CSPA was allocated between the resulting financial instruments on a relative fair value basis, with million allocated to the debt under the RIPA and million allocated to the common stock issued under the CSPA. The Put Option under the RIPA that is exercisable by Purchasers upon certain contingent events was determined to be an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation and separately accounted for as a single compound derivative instrument. The Company recorded the initial fair value of the derivative liability of million as a debt discount, which is amortized to interest expense over the expected term of the debt using the effective interest method. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, was recorded as a revenue interest liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company imputes interest expense associated with this liability using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate is calculated based on the rate that would enable the debt to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement. The interest rate on this liability may vary during the term of the agreement depending on a number of factors, including the level of forecasted product sales, net. The Company evaluates the interest rate quarterly based on its current product sales, net forecasts utilizing the prospective method. A significant increase or decrease in product sales, net will materially impact the revenue interest liability, interest expense and the time period for repayment. The Company recorded interest expense related to this arrangement of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company incurred million of issuance costs in connection with the RIPA, which are being amortized to interest expense over the estimated term of the debt. Revenue Interest Payments made as a result of the Company s product sales, net reduce the revenue interest liability. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made payments of million in connection with the RIPA. 

Proceeds from purchaser payments 

Interest expense recognized 

Capitalized issuance costs 

() 

Revenue interest payments 

() 

Revenue interest liability at December 31, 2021 

Interest expense recognized 

Revenue interest payments 

() 

Revenue interest liability at December 31, 2022 

product candidates, Livmarli and volixibat. As part of the Shire Agreement, the Company was assigned license agreements held by Shire with Satiogen, Pfizer Inc. Pfizer and Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH Sanofi ). The Company has the right to sublicense under the Shire Agreement and additionally has the right to sublicense under the Satiogen, Pfizer and Sanofi licenses subject to the terms of those license agreements. The Company is obligated to pay Shire up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of certain clinical development and regulatory milestones for Livmarli in certain indications and an additional million upon regulatory approval of Livmarli for each and every other indication. In addition, the Company is required to pay up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of certain clinical development and regulatory milestones for volixibat solely for the first indication sought. Upon commercialization, the Company is obligated to pay Shire product sales milestones on total licensed products up to an aggregate of million. The Company is also obligated to pay tiered royalties with rates ranging from low double-digits to mid-teens based upon annual worldwide net sales for all licensed products; however, these royalties are reduced in part by royalties due under the Satiogen and Sanofi licenses, as discussed below, related to Livmarli and volixibat, as applicable. The Company s royalty obligations will continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the later to occur of the expiration of the last valid claim in a licensed patent covering the applicable licensed product in such country, expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in a country and ten years after the first commercial sale of a licensed product in such country. As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued million for a regulatory milestone associated with approval of Livmarli by the European Commission for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months of age and older. No additional milestones have been accrued as there were no potential milestones yet considered probable. There were million of Livmarli development or regulatory milestones achieved during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were volixibat development and regulatory milestones achieved during the year ended December 21, 2022, compared to million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Satiogen License Through the Shire Agreement, the Company was assigned a license agreement with Satiogen pursuant to which the Company obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain patents and know-how, with the right to sublicense to a third party subject to certain financial considerations. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, the Company is obligated to pay to Satiogen up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of certain milestones, of which million was for initiation of certain development activities, million for the completion of regulatory approvals and million for commercialization activities. Additionally, the Company will be required to pay a low single-digit royalty on net sales. The Company s royalty obligations continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the last valid claim in a licensed patent covering the applicable licensed product in such country. Royalty obligations under the Satiogen license are creditable against the royalty obligations to Shire under the Shire Agreement. The Company has not paid milestone payments pursuant to this agreement for the periods presented. In May 2022, the Company completed the merger and acquisition of Satiogen for total consideration of approximately million. At acquisition, Satiogen s assets consisted of cash and intangible assets related to developed technology. The purchase consideration consisted of shares of the Company s common stock issued upon the closing of the acquisition and cash consideration of million, excluding million of stock option exercise prices deemed to have been paid immediately prior to the acquisition, in respect of an equivalent amount of cash on the books of Satiogen, with up to an additional shares of common stock that would have been issued upon the closing of the acquisition except the parties agreed to such shares being held back by the Company for 12 months from the acquisition date to satisfy certain purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations that may arise during this period. Specifically, purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations that arise will reduce the number of shares issuable by the Company at settlement in accordance with the terms of the definitive acquisition agreement. The purchase consideration also included issuance of up to an additional shares of the Company s common stock, contingent upon the achievement of a certain milestone by June 30, 2025, subject to adjustment to satisfy certain purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations that may arise. In December 2022, with the approval of Livmarli by the European Commission for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS two months of age and older, the milestone was achieved. The Company issued shares of common stock in January 2023. Through the transaction, the Company obtained all Satiogen licensing payments and Satiogen-owned intellectual property relating to Livmarli and volixibat. The transaction resulted in a reduction of total licensing royalty obligations for Livmarli and volixibat. The Company accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition as the set of acquired assets did not constitute a business and substantially all the fair value of the gross assets acquired was concentrated in a group of similar identifiable assets, namely, the Satiogen intangible assets comprised of intellectual property. The Company evaluated that the intellectual property assets acquired were deemed to be commercially viable and the cost of the acquisition was recorded as an intangible asset in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. There was no gain or loss recognized from settlement of the preexisting contractual relationship with Satiogen as the pre-existing contract was determined to be at fair value on the date of acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no significant expenses incurred that were approved for settlement against the Indemnification Holdback. As the number of shares potentially issuable upon the resolution of the Indemnification Holdback and the Contingent Milestone is variable, they were recorded as liabilities at their respective fair values on the date of acquisition using the Company s common stock price. The fair value of the Indemnification Holdback was additionally determined based on management s estimate of the probability of indemnification obligations being incurred during the one year following the acquisition date, while the fair value of the Contingent Milestone was additionally determined based upon management s estimate of the probability of the milestone being met until the contingency was resolved in December 2022. The fair value of the Indemnification Holdback liability and the Contingent Milestone liability are remeasured at each reporting period until settled, with resulting changes in the fair value recorded in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Cash consideration 

Indemnification Holdback 

Contingent consideration settled in common stock 

Transaction costs 

Total purchase consideration 

Assets acquired: 

Intangible assets - developed technology 

Cash consideration 

Total assets acquired 

Pfizer License Through the Shire Agreement, the Company was assigned a license agreement with Pfizer pursuant to which the Company obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain Pfizer know-how with a right to sublicense. Upon commercialization of any product utilizing the licensed product, the Company will be required to pay to Pfizer a low single-digit royalty on net sales of product sold by the Company, its affiliates or sublicensees. The Company s royalty obligations continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the eighth anniversary of the first commercial sale of such licensed product anywhere in the world. Sanofi License Through the Shire Agreement, the Company was assigned a license agreement with Sanofi pursuant to which the Company obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain patents and know-how with the right to sublicense to a third party subject to certain financial considerations. The Company is obligated to pay up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of certain regulatory, commercialization and product sales milestones. Additionally, upon commercialization, the Company is required to pay tiered royalties in the mid to high single-digit range based upon net sales of licensed products sold by the Company and sublicensees in a calendar year, subject to adjustments in certain circumstances. The Company s royalty obligations continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the later to occur of the expiration of the last valid claim in a licensed patent covering the applicable licensed product in such country and after the first commercial sale of a licensed product in such country. Royalty obligations under the Sanofi license are creditable against the royalty obligations to Shire under the Shire Agreement . The Company has not paid milestone payments pursuant to this agreement for the periods presented. As of December 31, 2022, milestones had been accrued as there were no potential milestones considered probable. 

 Taiwan). In connection with the agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of million, which, upon satisfaction of the performance obligation and receipt by CANbridge of the right to use and benefit from the license, was recorded as license revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, the Company is eligible to receive up to million in research and development funding, and up to million for the achievement of future regulatory and commercial milestones, with double-digit tiered royalties based on product net sales. The Company concluded at inception of the agreement that the transaction price should not include the variable consideration related to unachieved developmental and regulatory milestones as this consideration was considered to be constrained as it is probable that the inclusion of such variable consideration could result in a significant reversal in cumulative revenue. The Company will recognize any consideration related to sales-based payments when the related sales occur, as the Company has determined that these amounts relate predominantly to the license granted and therefore will be recognized at the later of (i) when or as the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). The Company re-evaluates the transaction price at each reporting period as uncertain events are resolved and other changes in circumstances occur. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded research and development funding of million and million, respectively, payable by CANbridge to the Company which is reflected as a reduction of research and development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, such research and development funding of million and million, respectively, was recorded as a receivable which was included in accounts receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In January 2022, CANbridge achieved a regulatory milestone, triggering a milestone payment to the Company of million, which was recorded as license revenue on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. License and Collaboration Agreement with GC Biopharma In July 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive license and collaboration agreement with GC Biopharma. Under the terms of the agreement, GC Biopharma has obtained the exclusive right to develop and commercialize Livmarli within South Korea for ALGS, PFIC, and BA. In connection with the agreement, the Company received a million upfront payment, which, upon satisfaction of the performance obligation and receipt by GC Biopharma of the right to use and benefit from the license, was recorded as license revenue in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no license revenue recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company is entitled to certain research and development funding and up to million for the achievement of future regulatory and commercial milestones, with double-digit tiered royalties based on product net sales. At inception of the agreement, the Company concluded that the transaction price should not include the variable consideration related to unachieved developmental and regulatory milestones as this consideration was considered to be constrained as it is probable that the inclusion of such variable consideration could result in a significant reversal in cumulative revenue for this contract when the uncertainty is resolved in the future. The Company will recognize any consideration related to sales-based payments (including milestones and royalties) when the related sales occur, as the Company has determined that these amounts relate predominantly to the license granted and therefore will be recognized on the later to occur of satisfaction of the performance obligation or the occurrence of the related sales. The Company will re-evaluate the transaction price at each reporting period as uncertain events are resolved and other changes in circumstances occur. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, adjustments were made to the transaction price. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded research and development funding of and million, respectively, payable by GC Biopharma to the Company which is reflected as a reduction of research and development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, such research and development funding of and million, respectively, was recorded as a receivable which was included in prepaids and other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In February 2023, GC Biopharma achieved a regulatory milestone under this agreement triggering a milestone payment to the Company of million. Licensing Agreement with Takeda In September 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Takeda for the development and commercialization of Livmarli in Japan for ALGS, PFIC, and BA. Under the terms of the agreement, Takeda will be responsible for regulatory approval and commercialization of Livmarli in Japan. Takeda will also be responsible for development, including conducting clinical studies in cholestatic indications. The Company is responsible for commercial supply to Takeda. In exchange, the Company is eligible to receive a percentage of Takeda s annualized net sales, which range from high double digits declining to mid double digits over the first four years from commercial launch and thereafter remains at mid double digits. The Company fully constrained all revenues upon transfer of control of the license to Takeda, which occurred when Takeda could use and benefit from the license, and will recognize any consideration related to sales-based payments when the related sales occur, as the Company has determined that these amounts relate predominantly to the license granted and therefore will be recognized on the later to occur of satisfaction of the performance obligation or the occurrence of the related sales. Option, License and Collaboration Agreement with Vivet In April 2021 , the Company entered into an Option, License and Collaboration Agreement Vivet Collaboration Agreement with Vivet Therapeutics SAS Vivet ). Pursuant to the Vivet Collaboration Agreement, Vivet granted the Company the exclusive option, at the Company s discretion, to develop and subsequently commercialize Vivet s two proprietary AAV gene therapy programs for PFIC, subtypes 3 and 2. Under the terms of the Vivet Collaboration Agreement, the Company paid an upfront fee of million and agreed to provide funding to support certain research and development costs associated with the two gene therapy programs through July 2023. In December 2021, the Company elected not to exercise its option, terminating the agreement. The Company made a final payment of million in January 2022 under the terms of the agreement, which was reflected in accrued expenses at December 31, 2021 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Vivet Collaboration Agreement, the Company recorded research and development expense of million on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

 square feet (the Initial Lease ). s with an option to extend the term for one term, which at the time was not reasonably assured of exercise and therefore, not included in the lease term. The lease contained a tenant improvement allowance of million, which has been recorded as leasehold improvements in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets with a corresponding reduction of the ROU asset at inception of the lease. Rent payments commenced in August 2019. In November 2019, the Company amended the operating lease agreement (the Amended Agreement to extend the term of the Initial Lease through March 2025. This extension was accounted for as a lease modification and the Company recorded an increase to the ROU asset and lease liability of million at the time of the amendment. Additionally, pursuant to the Amended Agreement, the Company expanded the office space by square feet for a term expiring in (the Expanded Space ). The Company accounted for the Expanded Space as a separate contract as there were material additional rights of use that were not included in the Initial Lease. The Amended Agreement contained a tenant improvement allowance of million in connection with the expanded space, which has been recorded as leasehold improvements within property and equipment, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets with a corresponding reduction of the ROU asset at inception of the lease for the expanded space. In June 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet of office space in Switzerland. The Company recorded a ROU asset and lease liability of million at inception of the lease. The ROU and corresponding lease liabilities were estimated using a weighted-average incremental borrowing rate of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an aggregate ROU asset of million and an aggregate lease liability of million in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The weighted-average remaining lease term is years. 

2024 

2025 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liability 

Rent expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Variable lease payments for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million. Variable lease payments for the year ended December 31, 2021 were immaterial. 

million of the Company s securities. Also, in August 2020, the Company entered into a sales agreement Sales Agreement with SVB Leerink LLC SVB Leerink pursuant to which the Company may elect to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million under the Shelf Registration through SVB Leerink acting as the sales agent and/or principal. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not issue or sell any shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement at a weighted-average price of per share, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of million. The net proceeds for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the Company after deducting sales commissions to SVB Securities and other issuance expenses were approximately million. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has issued and sold an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of million. The remaining capacity under the Sales Agreement is approximately million as of December 31, 2022. In January and February 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement at a weighted-average price of per share, resulting in net proceeds of million. In December 2020, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of its common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration. The Company issued and sold shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, resulting in net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. In addition, the Company granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to additional shares of its common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. In January 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their option and purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, resulting in net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting discounts. In August 2022, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of its common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration. The Company issued and sold shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. In addition, the Company granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to additional shares of its common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, which the underwriters exercised in full. The underwritten public offering, including the underwriters exercise of their option, resulted in net proceeds to the Company of million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock, respectively, were subject to repurchase by the Company. The unvested stock liability related to these shares is immaterial to all periods presented. Common Stock Reserved for Issuance 

Reserved for future stock awards or option grants 

Reserved for employee stock purchase plan 

Common stock held back in connection with asset acquisition 

Common stock issuable as contingent consideration in connection with asset acquisition 

term of the 2019 Plan, beginning with and ending with , by an amount equal to of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s common stock on December 31st of the preceding calendar year or such lesser amount as determined by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. In March 2020, the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors approved and adopted the 2020 Inducement Plan (the 2020 Inducement Plan ). Under the 2020 Inducement Plan, the Company may grant nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to new employees entering into employment with the Company in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). At adoption, the 2020 Inducement Plan authorized shares of the Company s common stock for future issuance. In 2021 and 2020, the Company s board of directors authorized an additional and shares of the Company s common stock for future issuance, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2020 Inducement Plan. Stock Options 

Number of Shares 

Weighted- Average Exercise Price 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Canceled and forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the fair value of the common stock for the options that had exercise prices that were lower than the per share fair value of the common stock on the date of exercise. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested stock option awards granted was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The fair value of each employee and non-employee stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Due to the Company s limited operating history and a lack of company specific historical and implied volatility data, the expected stock price volatility was based upon the weighting of the Company s historical volatility and the historical volatility of a peer group of publicly traded companies. The historical volatility data was computed using the daily closing prices for the Company s and its peer companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards. Due to the lack of historical exercise history, the expected term of the Company s stock options for employees has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. - 
 
 - 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

() 

Unvested and Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

The fair value of restricted stock unit RSU awards made to employees and nonemployees is equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to restricted stock unit awards granted was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan In July 2019, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved and adopted the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The ESPP became effective on July 17, 2019. shares of common stock were approved to be initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In addition, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP will be automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year during the first of the term of the ESPP, beginning with and ending with , by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the outstanding number of shares of common stock on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, (ii) shares of common stock or (iii) such lesser amount as determined by the Company s board of directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares were issued under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares available for future issuance under the ESPP. The stock-based compensation related to the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million, respectively. Restricted Common Stock In November 2018, in connection with the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, the Company s founders agreed to modify their outstanding shares of common stock to include vesting provisions that require continued service to the Company in order to vest in those shares. As such, the modified shares of common stock became compensatory upon such modification. The modified shares have a vesting period and a measurement date fair value of per share. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares and shares vested, respectively. The total fair value of shares vested was million during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was recorded as stock-based compensation in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, all restricted shares were vested. 

Research and development 

Total 

Stock-based compensation of million and million was capitalized into inventory for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Capitalized stock-based compensation is recognized in cost of sales when the related product is sold. 

 million. In December 2021, the Company completed its sale of the PRV and received net proceeds of million, after deducting commission costs, which was recorded as a gain within other income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

U.S. loss before taxes 

() 

() 

Foreign income before taxes 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred taxes: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

The Company acquired Satiogen in a tax-free reorganization, whereby the Company did not receive a step-up in tax basis of the acquired intangible assets, resulting in a deferred tax liability of million. The deferred tax liability provided an additional source of taxable income to support the realization of the pre-existing deferred tax assets. As a result, a portion of the Company s valuation allowance was released and a million tax benefit was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

State tax 

Permanent differences 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Executive compensation 

() 

Global intangible low-taxed income 

() 

Tax credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total tax benefit 

() 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Capitalized research and development 

Stock-based compensation 

Intangibles 

Accrued expenses 

Interest limitation attributes 

Lease liability 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Fixed assets 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

The valuation allowance increased by million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The tax benefit of deductible temporary differences or carryforwards is recorded as a deferred tax asset to the extent that management assesses the realization is more likely than not. Future realization of the tax benefit ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the period available under the tax law. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has set up valuation allowances against all federal and state net deferred tax assets, because based on all available evidence, these deferred tax assets are not more than likely to be realizable. The Company had federal, California and other state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, million and million at December 31, 2022, and million, million and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. Federal losses do not expire, and California net operating and other state income net operating losses will begin to expire in and , respectively, if not utilized. The Company also has federal general business credit and California research and development credit carryforwards totaling million and million at December 31, 2022, and million and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. The federal research and development credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2039, unless previously utilized. The California research credits do not expire. In general, if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage point aggregate change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a Section 382 ownership change ), utilization of its pre-change NOL carryforwards and the research and development credit carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state laws. The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company s stock at the time of such ownership change, subject to certain adjustments, by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards before utilization and may be material. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it has not experienced an ownership change and determined that NOLs and tax credits are not subject to a limitation pursuant to Section 382. The Company recognizes the financial statements effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not, based on technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. 

(Decrease) related to prior year tax positions 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

Balance at end of year 

The Company has considered the amounts and probabilities of the outcomes that can be realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authorities and determined unrecognized tax benefits primarily related to credits should be established as noted in the summary roll-forward above. The Company s effective income tax rate would not be impacted if the unrecognized tax benefits were recognized in 2022 and 2021, as the Company is in a full valuation allowance position. The Company files federal, state and foreign income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. All of the Company s tax returns in all jurisdictions remain open to examination since inception. The Company s policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no significant accruals for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits or tax penalties. The Company has t provided U.S. income or foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, because it intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside of the U.S. If these foreign earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the related U.S. tax liability will be immaterial, due to the participation exemption put in place in the Tax Act. 

135 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). We maintain internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies and because we qualify as a non-accelerated filer (i.e., we do not qualify as either an accelerated filer or a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). 
 136 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 137 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item will be contained under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, Executive Officers, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, if any, in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Definitive Proxy Statement ), which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We maintain a Code of Conduct that applies to all our employees, officers and directors. This includes our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The full text of our Code of Conduct is posted on our website at www.mirumpharma.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Conduct or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct to any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or any person performing similar functions that are required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. Information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference herein, and you should not consider information on our website to be part of this Annual Report. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under the caption Executive Compensation in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under the captions Transactions With Related Persons and Indemnification and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under the caption Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated here by reference. 
 138 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) Financial statements 

The financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (2) Financial statement schedules 	 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted in this Annual Report because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions, or the information requested is set forth in the financial statements or related notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 139 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as currently in effect (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as currently in effect (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on July 8, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

4.2 
 
 Investors Rights Agreement, dated November 5, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Common Stock of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein) . 

10.1+ 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.2+ 
 
 Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.3+ 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on July 8, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.4+ 
 
 Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on July 8, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.5+ 
 
 Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on July 8, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.6+ 
 
 Forms of international grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.7+ 
 
 Forms of international director grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.8+ 
 
 Forms of international restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.9+ 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on July 8, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.10+ 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Terms and conditions Non-U.S. Participants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.11 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan 

140 

10.12+ 
 
 Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s From 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.13+ 
 
 Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s From 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.14+ 
 
 Forms of international grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.15+ 
 
 Forms of international restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Registrant and each director and executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on July 8, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.17+ 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Severance Benefit Plan and form of Participation Agreement thereunder (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.18+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Christopher Peetz, dated May 15, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.19+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Pamela Vig, Ph.D., dated December 1, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.20+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Lara Longpre, dated December 1, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.21+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Ian Clements, Ph.D., dated March 4, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.22+ 
 
 Transition, Separation and Consulting Agreement, dated January 7, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Ian Clements, Ph.D. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2023, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.23+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Peter Radovich, dated April 28, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.24# 
 
 License Agreement by and between Lumena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Satiogen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated February 8, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.25# 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement by and between Lumena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Satiogen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated February 8, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.26# 
 
 License Agreement by and between Lumena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Pfizer Inc., dated June 1, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.27# 
 
 License Agreement by and between Lumena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH, dated September 27, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.28# 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement by and between Shire Orphan and Rare Disease GmbH (successor in interest of Lumena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) and Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH, dated 

141 

June 26, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.29# 
 
 Assignment and License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Shire International GmbH, dated November 5, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-232251), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.30 
 
 Office Lease by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Center, LLC, dated January 22, 2019, as amended by First Amendment by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Center, LLC, dated June 1, 2019, and as further amended by Second Amendment by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Center, LLC, dated November 22, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-235825) filed with the SEC on January 6, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.31 
 
 Sales Agreement by and between the Registrant and SVB Leerink LLC, dated August 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-240290), filed with the SEC on August 3, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.32 
 
 Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, the Purchasers from time to time party thereto and Mulholland SA LLC, dated December 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 10, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.33 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Mulholland SA LLC and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 29, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended March 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 # Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted (indicated by [ ] because the Registrant has determined that the information is not material and is the type that the Registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 142 

Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC. 
 The information in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (including this Annual Report), unless the Registrant specifically incorporates the foregoing information into those documents by reference. 
 143 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MIRUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Peetz 

Christopher Peetz 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Christopher Peetz and Ian Clements, Ph.D. and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10 K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Christopher Peetz 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Christopher Peetz 

/s/ Ian Clements, Ph.D. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Ian Clements, Ph.D. 

/s/ Laura Brege 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Laura Brege 

/s/ Lon Cardon, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Lon Cardon, Ph.D. 

/s/ William C. Fairey 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

William C. Fairey 

/s/ Laurent Fischer, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Laurent Fischer, M.D. 

/s/ Michael Grey 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Michael Grey 

/s/ Patrick Heron 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Patrick Heron 

/s/ Niall O Donnell, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Niall O Donnell, Ph.D. 

/s/ Saira Ramasastry, M.S., M.Phil 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Saira Ramasastry, M.S., M.Phil 

144 

<EX-10>
 2
 mirm-ex10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.11 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 2020 Inducement Plan 
 Adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors: March 18, 2020 
 Amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors: December 16, 2020 
 Amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors: November 18, 2021 

1. General. 

(a) Eligible Award Recipients. The only persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan are individuals who satisfy the standards for inducement grants under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4) and the related guidance under Nasdaq IM 5635-1. A person who previously served as an Employee or Director will not be eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, other than following a bona fide period of non-employment. Persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan are referred to in this Plan as Eligible Employees . These Awards must be approved by either a majority of the Company s Independent Directors (as such term is defined in Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2)) or the Company s compensation committee, provided such committee comprises solely Independent Directors (the Independent Compensation Committee ), in order to comply with the exemption from the stockholder approval requirement for inducement grants provided under Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4), the related guidance under Nasdaq IM 5635-1 and any analogous rules or guidance effective after the date hereof are collectively referred to in this Plan as the Inducement Award Rules . 

(b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Awards: (i) Options, (ii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iii) Restricted Stock Awards and (iv) Restricted Stock Unit Awards. All Options shall be Nonstatutory Stock Options. 

(c) Purpose. The Plan, through the grant of Awards, is intended to provide (i) an inducement material for certain individuals to enter into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, (ii) incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and (iii) a means by which Eligible Employees may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards. 

2. Administration. 

(a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan; provided, however, that Awards may only be granted by either (i) a majority of the Company s Independent Directors or (ii) the Independent Compensation Committee. Subject to those constraints and the other constraints of the Inducement Award Rules, the Board may delegate some of its powers of administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). 

1 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan and the Inducement Award Rules: 

(i) To determine: (A) who will be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award will be granted; (C) what type of Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, an Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award; provided, however, that Awards may only be granted by either (i) a majority of the Company s Independent Directors or (ii) the Independent Compensation Committee. 

(ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 

(iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 

(iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof). 

(v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not materially impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Award without the Participant s written consent, except as provided in subsection (viii) below. 

(vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable consistent with the Inducement Award Rules, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or ensuring that the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law, listing requirements or the Inducement Award Rules, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 

(vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3. 

(viii) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion, and subject to any stockholder approval required under the Inducement Award Rules in connection with such amendment of an 

2 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

Award; provided, however, that a Participant s rights under any Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (B) to comply with other applicable laws, listing requirements or the Inducement Award Rules. 

(ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 

(x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Eligible Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). 

(c) Delegation to Committee. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be construed as being to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 

(d) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 

(e) Repricing; Cancellation and Re-Grant of Awards. Neither the Board nor any Committee will have the authority to reduce the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Option or SAR, unless the stockholders of the Company have approved such an action within twelve months prior to such an event. 

3. Shares Subject to the Plan. 

(a) Share Reserve. Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards from and after the Effective Date shall not exceed 2,500,000 shares. Shares may be issued under the terms 

3 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

of this Plan in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(3) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 

(b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve. If an Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired or retained by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on an Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of an Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. 

(c) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 

4. Eligibility. 

(a) Eligibility for Awards. Awards may only be granted to persons who are Eligible Employees described in Section 1(a) of the Plan, where the Award is an inducement material to the individual s entering into employment with the Company or an Affiliate within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules or is otherwise permitted pursuant to Rule 5635(c) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules; provided, however , that Awards may not be granted to Eligible Employees who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

(b) Approval Requirements. All Awards must be granted either by a majority of the Company s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee. 

5. Provisions relating to Options and SARs. 

Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be Nonstatutory Stock Options. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however , that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 	 4 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(a) Term. No Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement. 

(b) Exercise Price. The exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. 

(c) Purchase Price for Options. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: 

(i) by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company; 

(ii) pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds; 

(iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock; 

(iv) by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; provided, however , that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or 

(v) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR. To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess 

5 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. 

(e) Transferability of Options and SARs. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply: 

(i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 

(ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument. 

(iii) Beneficiary Designation. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. 

(f) Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of performance goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. 

(g) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a 

6 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date that is 90 days following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. 

(h) Extension of Termination Date. If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(i) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 

(j) Death of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the 

7 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 

(k) Termination for Cause. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR from and after the time of such termination of Continuous Service. 

(l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Award Agreements. 

6. Provisions of Awards Other than Options and SARs. 

(a) Restricted Stock Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock may be (x) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (y) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

8 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(i) Consideration. A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past or future services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 

(ii) Vesting . Shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 

(iii) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 

(iv) Transferability. Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 

(v) Dividends . A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. 

(b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

(i) Consideration. At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 

(ii) Vesting. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 

(iii) Payment. A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of 

9 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 

(iv) Additional Restrictions. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

(v) Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 

(vi) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 

7. Covenants of the Company. 

(a) Availability of Shares. The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Awards. 

(b) Securities Law Compliance. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency, as necessary, such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Awards; provided, however , that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act or other securities or applicable laws, the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable law. 

(c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the tax treatment or time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award. 

10 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

8. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 

(b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents. 

(c) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 

(d) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state or foreign jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is domiciled or incorporated, as the case may be. 

(e) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended. 

11 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(f) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that such Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. 

(g) Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; provided, however, that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 

(h) Electronic Delivery. Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). 

(i) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and 

12 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. 

(j) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 

(k) Clawback/Recovery . All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of an event constituting Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company. 

9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events. 

(a) Capitalization Adjustments. In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a) and (ii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 

(b) Dissolution . Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a Dissolution of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s 

13 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such Dissolution, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service; provided, however , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the Dissolution is completed but contingent on its completion. 

(c) Transaction. The following provisions shall apply to Awards in the event of a Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award. In the event of a Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board shall take one or more of the following actions with respect to Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Transaction: 

(i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Transaction); 

(ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); 

(iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Transaction), with such Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Transaction; 

(iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Award; 

(v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and 

(vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of Common Stock in connection with the Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or other contingencies. 

14 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of an Award. 
 (d) Change in Control. An Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Award Agreement for such Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. 

10. Termination or Suspension of the Plan. 

The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 11. Effective Date of the Plan. 

The Plan will come into existence on the Effective Date. No Award may be granted prior to the Effective Date. 
 12. Choice of Law. 

The law of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 13. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 

(a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 

(b) Award means an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Restricted Stock Award or a Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

(c) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. 

(d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(e) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding 

15 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 

(f) Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 

(g) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, (C) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by any individual who is, on the IPO Date, either an executive officer or a Director (either, an IPO Investor and/or any entity in which an IPO Investor has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting rights or participation in profits or capital contributions) of more than 50 (collectively, the IPO Entities or on account of the IPO Entities continuing to hold shares that come to represent more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities as a result of the conversion of any class of the Company s securities into another class of the Company s securities having a different number of votes per share pursuant to the conversion provisions set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; or (D) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting 

16 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur; 

(ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; provided, however , that a merger, consolidation or similar transaction will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities; 

(iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; provided, however , that a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the acquiring Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities; 

(iv) the stockholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company will otherwise occur, except for a liquidation into a parent corporation; or 

(v) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of the Plan, the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company and the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply. 
 	 17 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 

(i) Committee means a committee of one or more Independent Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). 

(j) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, having one vote per share. 

(k) Company means Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

(l) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 

(m) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. 

(n) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(ii) a sale or other disposition of more than 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company; 

18 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or 

(iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 

(o) Director means a member of the Board. Directors are not eligible to receive Awards under the Plan with respect to their service in such capacity. 

(p) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 

(q) Dissolution means when the Company, after having executed a certificate of dissolution with the State of Delaware (or other applicable state), has completely wound up its affairs. Conversion of the Company into a Limited Liability Company (or any other pass-through entity) will not be considered a Dissolution for purposes of the Plan. 

(r) Effective Date means March 18, 2020. 

(s) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 

(t) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 

(u) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(v) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the IPO Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 

19 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(w) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows: 

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 

(iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 

(x) IPO Date means the date of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock was priced for the initial public offering. 

(y) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 

(z) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any stock option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

(aa) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

(bb) Option means a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 

(cc) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(dd) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 

20 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

(ee) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership means a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 

(ff) Participant means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. 

(gg) Plan means this Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan. 

(hh) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). 

(ii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(jj) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). 

(kk) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(ll) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 

(mm) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(nn) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. 

(oo) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(pp) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct 

21 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 

(qq) Transaction means a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control. 

22 . 
 
 220738637 v6 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 mirm-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals AG, a company formed in Switzerland 
 Mirum Pharmaceuticals International B.V., a company formed in the Netherlands 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 mirm-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

A member firm of Ernst Young Global Limited 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-267357) of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-265210) of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-240290) of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-233502) pertaining to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, and 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and 

(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-238086, 333-254043 and 333-263397) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 2020 Inducement Plan of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

of our report dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Irvine, California 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 mirm-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christopher Peetz, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Peetz 

Christopher Peetz 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 mirm-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ian Clements, Ph.D., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ian Clements, Ph.D. 

Ian Clements, Ph.D. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 mirm-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Peetz 

Christopher Peetz 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 mirm-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ian Clements, Ph.D. 

Ian Clements, Ph.D. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 mirm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 mirm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 mirm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 mirm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 mirm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

