<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_944075_0000944075-23-000025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5893242</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>154112</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1058389</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2076836</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>948147</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1462196</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000944075-23-000025.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330181413
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000944075-23-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOCKET MOBILE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944075
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]
		IRS NUMBER:				943155066
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13810
		FILM NUMBER:		23782138

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40675 ENCYCLOPEDIA CIRCLE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538-2475
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5109333000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40675 ENCYCLOPEDIA CIRCLE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538-2475

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOCKET COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950418

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000944075-23-000025.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 k10-2022.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to _______. 

Commission file number

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal
executive offices including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone
number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: NONE 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES [ ] NO [X] 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES [ ] NO [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). YES [ X ] NO [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] [X] Smaller reporting company 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [ ] [X] 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock 0.001 par value) held by non-affiliates of the registrant
was based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Marketplace system. 

The number
of shares of Common Stock 0.001 par value) outstanding as of March 24, 2023: shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Items
10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 of Part III are incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on June 7, 2023.
Such Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 8 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 18 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 18 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 18 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 18 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 21 

Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 28 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 

Item
 9. 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 53 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 54 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 54 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 55 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 55 

Item
 12. 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 

Item
 13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 55 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 55 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 

SIGNATURES 
 57 

Index
 to Exhibits 
 58 

Table of Contents 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements include statements forecasting our future financial condition
and results, our future operating activities, market acceptance of our products, expectations for general market growth of mobile computing
devices, growth in demand for our data capture products, expansion of the markets that we serve, expansion of the distribution channels
for our products, and the timing of the introduction and availability of new products, as well as other forecasts discussed under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Words such as may, will, 
 predicts, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, 
 seeks, estimates, variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about our industry, management s
beliefs and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties;
therefore, actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially include, but are not limited to: volatility in the world economy
generally and in the markets we serve in particular, including the impact of Russia s military action against Ukraine; the risk
of delays in the availability of our products due to technological, market or financial factors including the availability of product
components and necessary working capital; our ability to successfully develop, introduce and market future products; our ability to effectively
manage and contain our operating costs; the availability of third-party hardware and software that our products are intended to work with;
product delays associated with new model introductions and product changeovers by the makers of products that our products are intended
to work with; continued growth in demand for barcode scanners; market acceptance of emerging standards such as RFID/Near Field Communications
and of our related data capture products; the ability of our strategic relationships to benefit our business as expected; our ability
to enter into additional distribution relationships; and other factors described in this Form 10-K including Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and recent Form 8-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update such forward-looking
statements or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. 

You
should read the following discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this report, and other
information contained in other reports and documents filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1. Business 

General 

We
are a leading provider of data capture and delivery solutions for enhanced productivity in workforce mobilization. Our data capture solutions
are incorporated into mobile applications used in point of sale (POS), commercial services (field workers), asset tracking, manufacturing
process and quality control, transportation and logistics (goods tracking and movement), event management (ticketing, entry, access control,
and identification), medical and education. 

We
were founded in March 1992 as Socket Communications, Inc. and reincorporated in Delaware in 1995 prior to our initial public offering
in June 1995. We have financed our operations since inception primarily from the sale of equity capital or convertible debt, receivables-based
revolving lines of credit and term loans with our bank. We began doing business as Socket Mobile, Inc. in January 2007 to better reflect
our market focus on the mobile business market and changed our legal name to Socket Mobile, Inc. in April 2008. Our common stock trades
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SCKT . Our principal executive offices are located at 40675 Encyclopedia Circle,
Fremont, CA 94538, and our phone number is (510) 933-3000. 

Our
Internet home page is located at http://www.socketmobile.com; however, the information on, or that can be accessed through, our home page
is not part of this Annual Report. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any
amendments to such reports are available free of charge on or through our internet home page as soon as reasonably practicable after we
electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Products 

Our
primary products are cordless data capture devices incorporating barcode scanning or RFID/Near Field Communications (NFC) technologies
that connect over Bluetooth. All products work with applications running on smartphones, mobile computers and tablets using operating
systems from Apple (iOS), Google (Android and Microsoft (Windows ). We offer an easy-to-use software developer
kit (CaptureSDK) to application providers, which enables them to provide their consumers with our advanced barcode scanning features.
Our products are integrated by the application providers and are marketed by the application providers or their resellers. The number
of application providers supporting our data capture solutions continues to grow. 

SocketScan
family . Our SocketScan family consists of the 700 Series (S700, S720, S730, S720, S740) companion scanners and 800 Series (S800,
S820, S840, S860) attachable scanners. 700 Series are available in multiple vivid colors: blue, green, red, white, yellow and black.
S720 reads both 1D and 2D barcodes on paper and screen. It s a drop-in replacement for our most sold S700 while adding QR code
functionality. 800 Series, 1D linear imaging (S800) and 2D (S820, S840, S860) are attachable to smartphones, tablets and other
mobile devices with an easily detachable clip or DuraCase, creating a one-handed solution. S860 includes MRZ (machine-readable zone)
support, making it capable of scanning passports, visas, and other travel documents in addition to barcodes. SocketScan 800 Series
scanners may be used stand-alone as well. S820, which was launched recently, provides a basic and affordable option for those who
wish to upgrade to 2D scanning. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

DuraScan 
Family . Our DuraScan family consists of 700 Series (D700, D720, D730, D740, D745, D750, D755, D760) companion scanners
and 800 Series (D800, D820, D840, D860) attachable scanners, which are designed to be durable barcode scanners with IP54-rated outer
casing to withstand tougher environments. D740 is priced competitively with a 1D barcode scanner, making it the affordable 2D option
available in the market. D820, which was launched recently, provides a basic and affordable option for those who wish to upgrade to
2D scanning. D745 and D755 are medical-grade, universal scanners. D760 and D860 include MRZ (machine-readable zone) support, making
it capable of scanning passports, visas, and other travel documents. D820 provides a basic and affordable option for those who wish
to upgrade to 2D scanning. 

DuraSled
Family . Our DuraSled (DS800, DS820, DS840, DS860) is a barcode scanning sled designed for durability. It combines a phone with a scanner
to create a one-handed solution. DuraSled protects phones from impact damage and provides a robust charging solution for all environments. It
is easy-to-use and ideal for delivery services, stock counting, ticketing and other App-driven mobile
solutions. The DuraSled products are compatible with Apple, Samsung and Windows devices. D S820 provides a basic and affordable
option for those who wish to upgrade to 2D scanning. 

Contactless
RFID/NFC reader writer. Our contactless product line includes D600, S550 and S370. The D600, an ergonomically handheld model
with IP54-rated outer casing, can read and write many different types of electronic SmartTags or transfer data with near-field communication.
The S550, a contactless membership card reader/writer, is designed to facilitate tap-and-go smart card and NFC applications. S370
supports both barcode scanning and Near Field Communication (NFC) reading and writing technologies. It provides App providers the ability
to read both QR code-based and NFC-based credentials, allowing App providers to accept multiple formats with one device. S370 can also
read credentials following ISO 18013-5, the Mobile Driver s License (mDL) standard being adopted in many states and countries. 

SocketCam
family . In Q1 2022, we announced our SocketCam product, C820, a software-based barcode scanner, which offers a free, flexible, quick,
and reliable data capture solution to our App partners who can include the C820 in their applications to provide free scanning to their
end-users. The SocketCam C820 is the first member of the SocketCam family and turns any mobile device into a high-performance barcode
scanner. App providers are challenged to service a wide range of customers with various data capture requirements, from price-sensitive
to performance-sensitive, and even multiple data types. The addition of the C820 seamlessly enables these diverse requirements. End-users
whose data capture requirements exceed the capabilities of the free camera-based scanners will have the choice of purchasing a Socket
Scanner or using an advanced version of the camera-based scanner which is expected to be available in 2023. 

Software
Developer Kit (CaptureSDK) . Our Software Developer Kit (CaptureSDK) supports all our data capture devices with a single
integration, making it easier for App providers to integrate our data capture capabilities into their applications. With the
installation of our data capture software, the App providers customers can choose any of our products that work best for
them. Our CaptureSDK enables the App providers to modify captured data, control the placement of the barcoded or RFID data in their
applications, and control the feedback to the user that the transaction and transmission were successfully completed. Our CaptureSDK
also supports the built-in camera in a customer s smartphone or tablet to be used for occasional or lower-volume data
collection requirements. The CaptureSDK uses tools integrated with software building environments such as Swift Package Manager,
Maven and NuGet, adds support for high-level frameworks such as MAUI, ReactNative, Java, JavaScript and Flutter, and adds other features to make it easier for App providers to integrate our data capture software into their
applications. 

We
design our own products and are responsible for all associated test equipment. We subcontract the manufacturing of all our product components
to independent third-party contract manufacturers located in the United States, Mexico, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia and China that have
the equipment, know-how and capacity to manufacture products to our specifications. We perform final product assembly, testing and packaging
at, and distribute our products from, our Fremont, California facility. We offer our products worldwide through two-tier distribution
enabling customers to purchase from large numbers of online resellers around the world including application providers who resell their
own solutions along with our data capture products. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

We
believe growth in mobile applications and the mobile workforce resulting from technical advances in mobile technologies, cost reductions
in mobile devices and the growing adoption by businesses of mobile applications for smartphones and tablets, builds a growing demand for
our products. Our data capture products address the need for speed and accuracy by today s mobile workers and by the systems supporting
those workers, thereby enhancing their productivity and allowing them to exploit time-sensitive opportunities and improve customer satisfaction. 

Our
Mission, Vision, and Core Values 

Our
 mission is to supply innovative and cost-effective data capture tools for businesses that use mobile platforms to conduct business
in mobile environments. 

Our
 vision is to manage the complexity of capturing and delivering data across a spectrum of data sources, network technologies, and
mobile systems so that our customers can concentrate on applications of the data. Our customers are application providers and their consumers
in need of data capture solutions. 

We
have embraced the following core values : 

Accountability : We
take ownership and responsibility for our actions and performance. We learn from our mistakes and celebrate our successes. 

Customer
Focus: We live by and for our customer's success. We want to earn their top-of-mind choice, enhance their final customer experience,
and create value through our relationship. 

Excellence: We
take pride in what we make and do and value the creativity, talent, ambition, and drive of each employee to be his or her best and to
achieve superior results. 

Integrity: We
are honest and ethical in all our dealings with each other, customers, business partners, suppliers, competitors, and other stakeholders.
We say what we mean and mean what we say. 

Mutual
Respect: We value people's differences and diverse opinions, and we treat each other fairly. 

Marketing
Dynamics 

Application
provider relationships . We actively support application providers to integrate our data capture solutions into their applications.
We provide an easy-to-use software developer kit (CaptureSDK) and training and technical support to our application providers. We support
the marketing activities of our application providers in promoting the applications that include our products. Once our data capture products
are integrated by the application provider, our products become an ingredient of the application solution and part of the application
provider s marketing program. We provide regular CaptureSDK updates including updates that support the latest operating system updates
provided by Apple, Google, and Microsoft. We spend extensive engineering time and resources to ensure that our cordless data capture products
are compatible with a wide variety of the most popular smartphones, tablets, and mobile computers running a variety of operating systems.
We comply with the standards set by the standard-setting bodies whose technologies are used in our products such as Bluetooth SIG, NFC
Forum, GS1, and AIM Global. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Mobile
Markets . Our revenues are primarily driven by sales of barcode scanners integrated into mPOS (mobile Point of Sale) applications used
with Apple tablets and other mobile devices. Many mPOS application providers develop software for smaller retailers using tablets as cash
registers. Other mobile markets addressed by application providers include commercial services (field workers), asset tracking, manufacturing
process and quality control, transportation and logistics (goods tracking and movement), event management (ticketing, entry, access control,
and identification), medical and education. We expect these markets to increase the use of mobile applications and the demand for barcode
scanners. 

Expanded
and improved product offerings. We offer a wide range of products that enable application providers and their consumers to design
their mobile systems to meet their specific requirements, and we encourage our distributors to support the full range of our products.
The goal is for customers to view Socket Mobile as a primary source for their mobile data capture needs. Our products include stand-alone
barcode scanners in both durable and standard cases, attachable barcode scanners, and RFID/NFC reader/writer. We provide a software developer
kit to application providers to enable our advanced data capture software to be easily integrated into applications. See Item 1
Business. The Company and its Products for a more detailed description of our products. 

We
design our products to comply with the regulations of the many worldwide agencies that regulate the safety, performance, and use of electronic
products. 

Competitive
pricing. We have designed our products to be priced competitively although we are subject to changes in component pricing by our suppliers.
We update our products from time to time and work with our vendors to achieve reductions in component pricing. 

Worldwide
product availability. We distribute our products through a worldwide distribution network that places products into geographic regions
to shorten purchasing time and provides a credit shield to us. Our largest distributors are Ingram Micro , ScanSource and Blue
Star, and they support a worldwide network of online resellers including Shopify , Amazon.com, and CDW . We also offer products
in our own online stores. 

Strong
Brand Name . We believe that our products make a difference in the daily work life of mobile workers and the people they serve.
We are building a brand image focused on business mobility. This image closely associates us with business mobility solutions and to
reflect this image, we began doing business as Socket Mobile, Inc. in January 2007 and changed our legal name to Socket Mobile, Inc.
in April 2008. We stress to customers the design of our products for the markets they serve, emphasizing quality and standards-based
connectivity. Mobility requires products that are compact and designed to be handled while mobile, with low power consumption to
extend the time between charges, and are easy to use. We strive to offer high-performance products at a wide range of competitive
prices. Through our developer support program, we work closely with application providers who are developing productivity-enhancing
applications for the mobile workforce. Our overall company brand identity and positioning goal is to be a leading provider of
easy-to-deploy business mobility data capture systems to the business mobility market. 

Competition
and Competitive Risks 

The
overall market for mobile handheld data capture solutions is both complex and competitive. Our barcode scanning hardware products compete
with similar hardware products in all our markets in the United States, Europe and Asia, and we differentiate our products with our software
developer kit and our underlying data capture software designed to work with smartphones, tablets, and other mobile computers running the
Apple, Android and Windows operating systems. Our longtime focus on creating innovative mobile solutions for the mobile workforce has
resulted in good brand name recognition and reputation. We believe that our brand name identifies our products as durable, dependable,
ergonomic, and easy to use, all features designed for a mobile worker while mobile, and the breadth of our product offerings, including
the extensively advanced features of our software and software developer kit, will continue to differentiate us relative to our competitors. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Cordless
Barcode Scanning. We offer a full range of handheld cordless barcode scanners connecting to smartphones, tablets, and other
computing devices over Bluetooth and SocketCam product, C820, a software-based barcode scanner. Our Software Developer Kit
(CaptureSDK) enables application providers to integrate the features of our Data Capture software into their applications and helps
differentiate our products. Our Cordless Barcode Scanners face competition from similar products from Koamtec, Code Corporation and
Opticon (Japan). Barcodes may also be scanned using the built-in camera in smartphones or tablets with applications from Scandit or
Manatee Works. Users may choose a barcode scanner that connects directly to an Apple tablet, iPhone or a computer such as offered by
Infinite Peripherals and Honeywell. Users also may choose more rugged barcode scanners as an alternative, some of which are
integrated into computing devices from manufacturers such as Datalogic, Honeywell , and Zebra Technologies. Many of these
devices are not Apple certified. Many connect to Apple devices over Bluetooth in keyboard emulation mode and do not offer extensive
tools for application providers such as our software developer kit (CaptureSDK) to integrate features of our sophisticated data
collection scanning software and hardware needed to meet the consumer s requirement. 

Contactless
RFID/NFC Reader/Writer . We developed and commenced sales in 2017 of a Contactless RFID/NFC Reader/Writer, D600 that can read and write many different types of electronic SmartTags used in many applications
today, like digital wallet applications for loyalty cards, identification cards, payment cards, coupons and event tickets. In 2020, we
launched a Contactless Membership Card Reader/Writer, S550 which enables us to expand our business into the emerging market for tap-and-go
solutions that have traditionally been limited to payment solutions, such as Apple Pay, but can now be used for ticketing, access, and
identification applications. The S550 was chosen as a finalist for the NFC Innovation Award i n
2022. In 2022, we also launched S 370, a universal NFC QR Code Mobile Wallet Reader to enable
our app partners to support eWallet-centric opportunities like mobile driver licenses and digital healthcare cards. We believe
we are an early entrant into this market and do not face significant head-to-head competition from alternative reader/writer devices. 

Proprietary
Technology and Intellectual Property 

We
have been granted U.S. patents and design patents and have other patent applications under review. We have registered trademarks
with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for the mark Socket , our logo, DuraScan, and SocketScan. 

We
have developed technological building blocks that enhance our ability to design new hardware and software products, offer products
that run on multiple software and hardware platforms, and manufacture and package products efficiently. 

We
own and control the design of our barcode scanners, enabling us to modify its features or software to meet specific customer requirements. 

We
have developed software programs that provide unique functions and features for our data collection products. For example, our data collection
software enables our barcode scanning products to scan a variety of barcodes and to route the data to many different types of data files
on operating systems used in Apple, Android, and Windows mobile devices. We use Bluetooth technology to provide a completely functional
Bluetooth solution enabling connections and data transfers between Bluetooth-enabled devices. Our companion applications assist Apple
iOS, Android and Windows users with the proper setup and use of our data capture products. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

We
rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, and confidentiality procedures to protect our proprietary
rights. As part of our confidentiality procedures, we generally enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, distributors
and strategic partners, and limit access to our software, documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these precautions,
it may be possible for a third-party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology without authorization, or to develop
similar technology independently. In addition, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights in certain foreign
countries. From time to time, we receive communications from third parties asserting that our products infringe, or may infringe, their
proprietary rights. Litigation could be brought against us that could result in significant additional expense or compel us to discontinue
or redesign some of our products. 

Personnel 

Our
future success will depend in significant part upon the continued service of certain of our key technical and senior management personnel,
and our continuing ability to attract, assimilate and retain highly qualified technical, managerial, and sales and marketing personnel.
Our total employee headcount was 56 and 53 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our employees are not represented by a union,
and we consider our employee relationships to be good. As of December 31, 2022, we had 15 persons in sales, marketing, and customer service,
16 persons in development engineering, 8 persons in finance and administration, and 17 persons in operations. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Ownership
of the Company s securities involves a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential investors should carefully consider the risks
and uncertainties described below and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission before deciding whether to invest in the Company s securities. The Company s business, financial condition
or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The risks described below are not the only ones
facing the Company. Additional risks that are currently unknown to the Company or that the Company currently considers immaterial may
also impair its business or adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. 

A
deterioration in global economic conditions may have adverse impacts on our business and financial condition in ways that we currently
cannot predict and may limit our ability to raise additional funds. 

If
global economic conditions continue to deteriorate, it may further impact our business and our financial condition. We may face significant
challenges if conditions in the financial markets worsen. The impact of such future developments on our business, including as a result
of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s military action against Ukraine, is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the overall
economy is negatively impacted for an extended period, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially
adversely affected. In addition, a severe prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to the business, including weakening
our ability to develop potential businesses and a decreased ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at
all. 

We
may not return to profitability. 

To
return to profitability, we must accomplish numerous objectives, including achieving continued growth in our business, providing ongoing
support to registered App providers whose applications support the use of our data capture products, and developing successful new products.
We cannot foresee with any certainty whether we will be able to achieve these objectives in the future. Accordingly, we may not generate
sufficient revenue or control our expenses enough to maintain ongoing profitability. If we cannot return to profitability, we will not
be able to support our operations from positive cash flows, and we would be required to use our existing cash to support operating losses.
If we are unable to secure the necessary capital to replace that cash, we may need to suspend some or all of our current operations. 

We
may require additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all, or on terms that would
not cause substantial dilution to investors stock holdings. 

We
may need to raise capital to fund our growth or operating losses in future periods. Our forecasts are highly dependent on factors beyond
our control, including market acceptance of our products and delays in deployments by businesses of applications that use our data capture
products. Even if we maintain profitable operating levels, we may need to raise capital to provide sufficient working capital to fund
our growth. If capital requirements vary materially from those currently planned, we may require additional capital sooner than expected.
There can be no assurance that such capital will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

In
order to maintain the availability of our bank lines of credit we must remain in compliance with the covenants as specified under the
terms of the credit agreements and the bank may exercise discretion in making advances to us. 

Our
credit agreements with our bank require us to remain in compliance with the covenants specified under the terms of the agreement. The
agreements also contain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability to, among
other things, grant liens, make investments, incur indebtedness, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, make acquisitions, pay dividends
or make distributions, repurchase stock, enter into transactions with affiliates and enter into restrictive agreements, in each case subject
to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. The agreements also contain customary events of default including,
among others, payment defaults, breaches of covenants, bankruptcy and insolvency events, cross defaults with certain material indebtedness,
judgment defaults, and breaches of representations and warranties. Upon an event of default, our bank may declare all or a portion of
our outstanding obligations payable to be immediately due and payable and exercise other rights and remedies provided for under the agreement.
During the existence of an event of default, interest on the obligations could be increased. The agreements may be terminated by us or
by our bank at any time. Upon such termination, our bank would no longer make advances under the credit agreement and outstanding advances
would be repaid as receivables are collected. All advances are at our bank s discretion and our bank is not obligated to make advances. 

If
application providers are not successful in their efforts to develop, market and sell the applications into which our software and products
are incorporated, we may not achieve our sales projections. 

We
are dependent upon App providers to integrate our scanning and software products into their applications designed for mobile workers
using smartphones, tablets and mobile computers, and to successfully market and sell those application products and solutions into
the marketplace. We focus on serving the needs of App providers as sales of our data capture products are application driven.
However, these providers may take considerable time to complete the development of their applications, may experience delays in
their development timelines, may develop competing applications, may be unsuccessful in marketing and selling their application
products and solutions to customers, or may experience delays in customer deployments and implementations, which would adversely
affect our ability to achieve our revenue projections. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and stock price. 

We
have evaluated and will continue to evaluate our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires an annual management assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from
time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related
to revenue recognition and access to assets, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent
financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed,
investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our stock could drop significantly. 

Despite
security protections, our business records and information could be hacked by unauthorized personnel. 

We
protect our business records and information from access by unauthorized personnel and are not aware of any instances where such data
has been compromised. We maintain adequate segregation of duties in safeguarding our assets and related records and monitor our systems
to detect any attempts to bypass our controls and procedures which we evaluate and update from time to time. We are aware that unauthorized
efforts to access our business records and information with sophisticated tools could bypass our controls and procedures and we remain
alert to that possibility. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Deferred
tax assets comprise a significant portion of our assets and are dependent upon future tax profitability to realize the benefits. 

We
have recorded deferred tax assets on our balance sheet because we believe that it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient
tax profitability in the future to realize the tax savings that our deferred tax assets represent. If we do not achieve and maintain sufficient
profitability, the tax savings represented by our deferred tax assets may never be realized and we would need to recognize a loss for
those deferred tax assets. 

We
may be unable to manufacture our products because we are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers for our components. 

Several
of our component parts are produced by one or a limited number of suppliers. Shortages or delays could occur in these essential components
due to an interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. Suppliers may choose to restrict credit terms or require advance
payment causing delays in the procurement of essential materials. If we are unable to procure certain component parts, we could be required
to reduce our operations while we seek alternative sources for these components, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
results. To the extent that we acquire extra inventory stocks to protect against possible shortages, we would be exposed to additional
risks associated with holding inventory, such as obsolescence, excess quantities, or loss. 

If
we fail to develop and introduce new products rapidly and successfully, we will not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to
generate sufficient revenues will be negatively affected. 

The
market for our products is prone to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and short product life cycles. If we are
unsuccessful at developing and introducing new products and services on a timely basis that include the latest technologies, conform to
the newest standards, and that are appealing to end users, we will not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate significant
revenues will be seriously harmed. 

The
development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation. The development process is also
lengthy and costly. Short product life cycles for smartphones and tablets expose our products to the risk of obsolescence and require
frequent new product upgrades and introductions. We will be unable to introduce new products and services into the market on a timely
basis and compete successfully if we fail to: 

invest significant resources
 in research and development, sales and marketing, and customer support; 

identify emerging trends,
 demands and standards in the field of mobile computing products; 

enhance our products
 by adding additional features; 

maintain superior or
 competitive performance in our products; and 

anticipate our end users 
 needs and technological trends accurately. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

We
cannot be sure that we will have sufficient resources to make adequate investments in research and development or that we will be able
to identify trends or make the technological advances necessary to be competitive. 

We
may not be able to collect receivables from customers who experience financial difficulties . 

Our
accounts receivables are derived primarily from distributors. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial
conditions but generally require no collateral from our customers. Reserves are maintained for potential credit losses, and such losses
have historically been within such reserves. However, many of our customers may be thinly capitalized and may be prone to failure in adverse
market conditions. Although our collection history has been good, from time to time a customer may not pay us because of financial difficulty,
bankruptcy or liquidation. If global financial conditions have an impact on our customer s ability to pay us in a timely manner,
consequently, we may experience increased difficulty in collecting our accounts receivable, and we may have to increase our reserves
in anticipation of increased uncollectible accounts. 

We
could face increased competition in the future, which would adversely affect our financial performance. 

The
market in which we operate is very competitive. Our future financial performance is contingent on a number of unpredictable factors, including
that: 

some of our competitors
 have greater financial, marketing, and technical resources than we do; 

we periodically face
 intense price competition, particularly when our competitors have excess inventories and discount their prices to clear their inventories;
 and 

certain manufacturers
 of tablets and mobile phones offer products with built-in functions, such as Bluetooth wireless technology or barcode scanning, that compete
 with our products. 

Increased
competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins, and loss of market share. Our failure to compete
successfully against current or future competitors could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

If
we do not correctly anticipate demand for our products, our operating results will suffer. 

The
demand for our products depends on many factors and is difficult to forecast as we introduce and support more products, and as competition
in the markets for our products intensifies. If demand is lower than forecasted levels, we could have excess production resulting in higher
inventories of finished products and components, which could lead to write-downs or write-offs of some or all of the excess inventories,
and reductions in our cash balances. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity at our third-party
manufacturers and in our failure to meet minimum purchase commitments, each of which may lower our operating results. 

If
demand increases beyond forecasted levels, we will have to rapidly increase production at our third-party manufacturers. We depend on
suppliers to provide additional volumes of components, and suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough to meet unexpected
demand. Even if we were able to procure enough components, our third-party manufacturers might not be able to produce enough of our devices
to meet our customer demand. In addition, rapid increases in production levels to meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs
for manufacturing and supply of components and other expenses. These higher costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production
is increased rapidly, manufacturing yields could decline, which may also lower operating results. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

We
rely primarily on distributors to distribute our products, and our sales would suffer if any of these distributors stops distributing
our products effectively. 

Because
we distribute and fulfill resellers orders for our products primarily through distributors, we are subject to risks associated
with channel distribution, such as risks related to their inventory levels and support for our products. Our distribution channels may
build up inventories in anticipation of growth in their sales. If such growth in their sales does not occur as anticipated, the inventory
build-up could contribute to higher levels of product returns. The lack of sales by any one significant participant in our distribution
channels could result in excess inventories and adversely affect our operating results and working capital liquidity. During the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Ingram Micro and BlueStar together represented approximately 50 and 53 , respectively,
of our worldwide sales. We expect that a significant portion of our sales will continue to depend on sales to a limited number of distributors. 

Our
agreements with distributors are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated on short notice by them without cause. Our distributors
are not within our control, are not obligated to purchase products from us, and may offer competitive lines of products simultaneously.
Sales growth is contingent in part on our ability to enter into additional distribution relationships and expand our sales channels. We
cannot predict whether we will be successful in establishing new distribution relationships, expanding our sales channels or maintaining
our existing relationships. A failure to enter into new distribution relationships, expand our sales channels, or maintain our existing
relationships could adversely impact our ability to grow our sales. 

We
allow our distribution channels to return a portion of their inventory to us for full credit against other purchases. In addition, in
the event we reduce our prices, we credit our distributors for the difference between the purchase price of products remaining in their
inventory and our reduced price for such products. Actual returns and price protection may adversely affect future operating results and
working capital liquidity by reducing our accounts receivable and increasing our inventory balances, particularly since we seek to continually
introduce new and enhanced products and are likely to face increasing price competition. 

We
depend on alliances and other business relationships with third parties, and a disruption in these relationships would hinder our ability
to develop and sell our products. 

We
depend on strategic alliances and business relationships with leading participants in various segments of the mobile applications market
to help us develop and market our products. Our strategic partners may revoke their commitment to our products or services at any time
in the future or may develop their own competitive products or services. Accordingly, our strategic relationships may not result in sustained
business alliances, successful product or service offerings, or the generation of significant revenues. Failure of one or more of such
alliances could result in delay or termination of product development projects, failure to win new customers or loss of confidence by
current or potential customers. 

We
have devoted significant research and development resources to design products to work with a number of operating systems used in mobile
devices including Apple (iOS), Google (Android and Microsoft (Windows ). Such design activities have diverted
financial and personnel resources from other development projects. These design activities are not undertaken pursuant to any agreement
under which Apple, Google or Microsoft is obligated to collaborate or to support the products produced from such collaboration. Consequently,
these organizations may terminate their collaborations with us for a variety of reasons, including our failure to meet agreed-upon standards
or for reasons beyond our control, such as changing market conditions, increased competition, discontinued product lines, and product
obsolescence. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Our
intellectual property and proprietary rights may be insufficient to protect our competitive position. 

Our
business depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret
laws, and other restrictions on disclosure to protect our proprietary technologies. We cannot be sure that these measures will provide
meaningful protection for our proprietary technologies and processes. We cannot be sure that any patent issued to us will be sufficient
to protect our technology. The failure of any patents to provide protection for our technology would make it easier for our competitors
to offer similar products. In connection with our participation in the development of various industry standards, we may be required to
license certain of our patents to other parties, including our competitors that develop products based upon the adopted standards. 

We
also generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, distributors, and strategic partners, and generally control access
to our documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third-party to copy or otherwise
obtain and use our products, services, or technology without authorization, develop similar technology independently, or design around
our patents. 

Additionally,
effective copyright, trademark, and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries. 

We
may become subject to claims of intellectual property rights infringement, which could result in substantial liability. 

In
the course of operating our business, we may receive claims of intellectual property infringement or otherwise become aware of potentially
relevant patents or other intellectual property rights held by other parties. Many of our competitors have large intellectual property
portfolios, including patents that may cover technologies that are relevant to our business. In addition, many smaller companies, universities,
and individuals have obtained or applied for patents in areas of technology that may relate to our business. The industry is moving towards
aggressive assertion, licensing, and litigation of patents and other intellectual property rights. 

If
we are unable to obtain and maintain licenses on favorable terms for intellectual property rights required for the manufacture, sale,
and use of our products, particularly those products which must comply with industry standard protocols and specifications to be commercially
viable, our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

In
addition to disputes relating to the validity or alleged infringement of other parties rights, we may become involved in disputes
relating to our assertion of our own intellectual property rights. Whether we are defending the assertion of intellectual property rights
against us or asserting our intellectual property rights against others, intellectual property litigation can be complex, costly, protracted,
and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and key technical personnel. Plaintiffs
in intellectual property cases often seek injunctive relief, and the measures of damages in intellectual property litigation are complex
and often subjective or uncertain. Thus, any adverse determinations in this type of litigation could subject us to significant liabilities
and costs. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

New
industry standards may require us to redesign our products, which could substantially increase our operating expenses. 

Standards
for the form and functionality of our products are established by standards committees. These independent committees establish standards,
which evolve and change over time, for different categories of our products. We must continue to identify and ensure compliance with evolving
industry standards so that our products are interoperable and we remain competitive. Unanticipated changes in industry standards could
render our products incompatible with products developed by major hardware manufacturers and software developers. Should any major changes,
even if anticipated, occur, we would be required to invest significant time and resources to redesign our products to ensure compliance
with relevant standards. If our products are not in compliance with prevailing industry standards for a significant period of time, we
would miss opportunities to sell our products for use with new hardware components from mobile computer manufacturers and OEMs, thus affecting
our business. 

Undetected
flaws and defects in our products may disrupt product sales and result in expensive and time-consuming remedial action. 

Our
hardware and software products may contain undetected flaws, which may not be discovered until customers have used the products. From
time to time, we may temporarily suspend or delay shipments or divert development resources from other projects to correct a particular
product deficiency. Efforts to identify and correct errors and make design changes may be expensive and time-consuming. Failure to discover
product deficiencies in the future could delay product introductions or shipments, require us to recall previously shipped products to
make design modifications, or cause unfavorable publicity, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

The
loss of one or more of our senior personnel could harm our existing business. 

A
number of our officers and senior managers have been employed for more than twenty years by us, including our President, Chief Financial
Officer, Vice President of Operations and Vice President of Engineering/Chief Technical Officer. Our future success will depend upon the
continued service of key officers and senior managers. Competition for officers and senior managers is intense, and there can be no assurance
that we will be able to retain our existing senior personnel. The loss of one or more of our officers or key senior managers could adversely
affect our ability to compete. 

The
expensing of options and restricted stocks will continue to reduce our operating results such that we may find it necessary to change
our business practices to attract and retain employees. 

We
have been using stock options and restricted stocks as key components of our employee compensation packages. We believe that stock options
and restricted stocks provide an incentive to our employees to maximize long-term stockholder value and, through the use of vesting, encourage
valued employees to remain with us. The expensing of employee stock options and restricted stocks adversely affects our net income and
earnings per share, will continue to adversely affect future quarters, and will make profitability harder to achieve. In addition, we
may decide in response to the effects of expensing stock options and restricted stocks on our operating results to reduce the number of
stock options or restricted stocks granted to employees or to grant to fewer employees. This could adversely affect our ability to retain
existing employees or attract qualified candidates, and also could increase the cash compensation we would have to pay to them. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

If
we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled sales and marketing and product development personnel, our ability to develop and market
new products and product enhancements will be adversely affected. 

We
believe our ability to achieve increased revenues and to develop successful new products and product enhancements will depend in part
upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled sales and marketing and product development personnel. Our products involve a number
of new and evolving technologies, and we frequently need to apply these technologies to the unique requirements of mobile products. Our
personnel must be familiar with both the technologies we support and the unique requirements of the products to which our products connect.
Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain such key personnel. In addition, our ability to
hire and retain such key personnel will depend upon our ability to raise capital or achieve increased revenue levels to fund the costs
associated with such key personnel. Failure to attract and retain such key personnel will adversely affect our ability to develop and
market new products and product enhancements. 

Our
operating results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with export sales. 

Our
operating results are subject to the risks inherent in export sales, including: 

longer payment cycles; 

unexpected changes
 in regulatory requirements, import and export restrictions and tariffs; 

difficulties in managing
 foreign operations; 

the burdens of complying
 with a variety of foreign laws; 

greater difficulty
 or delay in accounts receivable collection; 

potentially adverse
 tax consequences; and 

political and economic
 instability (such as Russia s military action against Ukraine). 

Our
export sales are primarily denominated in Euros for our sales to European distributors and in British pounds for our sales to UK
distributors. Accordingly, an increase in the value of the United States dollar relative to the Euro or British pound could make our
products more expensive and therefore potentially less competitive in European markets. Declines in the value of the Euro or pound
relative to the United States dollar may result in foreign currency losses relating to the collection of receivables denominated if
left unhedged. 

Our
facilities or operations could be adversely affected by events outside our control, such as natural disasters or health epidemics. 

Our
corporate headquarters is located in a seismically active region in Northern California. If major disasters such as earthquakes occur,
or our information system or communications network breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may
be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. In addition, we may be affected by health
epidemic or pandemics, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic, or geopolitical instability, such as Russia s military action against
Ukraine. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on
our business, operating results and financial condition. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has affected and could continue to have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and the results of
operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our workforce and operations and those of our customers, partners, vendors and
suppliers, and the unfavorable impacts we may experience include: 

Reductions or volatility in demand for one or
 more of our products which may be caused by the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, business closures,
 or financial hardship; and shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher-priced products to lower-priced products. If prolonged,
 such impacts can further increase the difficulty in planning our operations, which may adversely impact our results, liquidity, and financial
 condition. 

Inability to meet our customers needs due
 to disruptions in our manufacturing operations. 

Failure of third parties on which we rely, including
 our suppliers, contract manufacturers, and distributors, to meet their obligations to the Company, or significant disruptions in their
 ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties, which may adversely impact our operations, liquidity,
 and financial condition. 

We
modified our business and workforce practices in response to COVID-19, including with respect to flexible work and social distancing measures,
and we may take further actions as required by government regulations or in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and
suppliers. These and other measures have caused and may in the future cause us to incur incremental expenses and costs. 

The
extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance and our ability to timely execute our business
strategies may continue to be difficult to measure and predict. The impact of COVID-19 can also exacerbate other risks discussed in these
risk factors. 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We
expect to experience quarterly fluctuations in operating results in the future. Quarterly revenues and operating results depend on the
volume and timing of orders received, which sometimes are difficult to forecast. Historically, we have recognized a substantial portion
of our revenue in the last month of the quarter. This subjects us to the risk that even modest delays in orders or in the manufacture
of products relating to orders received, may adversely affect our quarterly operating results. Our operating results may also fluctuate
due to factors such as: 

the demand for our products; 

the size and timing of
 customer orders; 

unanticipated delays
 or problems in our introduction of new products and product enhancements; 

the introduction of new
 products and product enhancements by our competitors; 

the timing of the introduction
 and deployment of new applications that work with our products; 

changes in the revenues
 attributable to royalties and engineering development services; 

product mix; 

timing of software enhancements; 

changes in the level
 of operating expenses; 

competitive conditions
 in the industry including competitive pressures resulting in lower average selling prices; 

timing of distributors 
 shipments to their customers; 

delays in supplies of
 key components used in the manufacturing of our products; and 

general economic conditions
 and conditions specific to our customers industries. 

Because
we base our staffing and other operating expenses on anticipated revenues, unanticipated declines or delays in the receipt of orders can
cause significant variations in operating results from quarter to quarter. As a result of any of the foregoing factors, or a combination,
our results of operations in any given quarter may be below the expectations of public market analysts or investors, in which case the
market price of our common stock would be adversely affected. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

The
sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could adversely affect the market price for our common stock.
The market price of our common stock could also decline if one or more of our significant stockholders decided for any reason to sell
substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market. 

As
of March 24, 2023, we had 7,123,999 shares of common stock outstanding. Substantially all of these shares are freely tradable in the
public market, either without restriction or subject, in some cases, only to S-3 prospectus delivery requirements and, in other cases,
only to the manner of sale, volume, and notice requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 

As
of March 24, 2023, we had 1,267,528 shares of common stock subject to outstanding options under our stock option plans, 1,070,435
shares of restricted stock outstanding, and 424,212 shares of common stock available for
future issuance under the plans. We have registered the shares of common stock subject to outstanding options and restricted stock
and reserved them for issuance under our stock option plans. Accordingly, the shares of common stock underlying vested options and
unvested restricted stock will be eligible for resale in the public market as soon as the options are exercised or the restricted
stock vests, as applicable. 

Volatility
in the trading price of our common stock could negatively impact the price of our common stock. 

During
the period from January 1, 2022 through the date of the report, our common stock price fluctuated between a high of 35.00 and a low of
 0.76. We have experienced low trading volumes in our stock, and thus relatively small purchases and sales can have a significant effect
on our stock price. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors, some of which
are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and the outlook of securities analysts and investors on our industry. In
addition, the stock markets in general, and the markets for high technology stocks in particular, have experienced high volatility that
has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the
trading price of our common stock. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

In
February 2022, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement for an approximately 35,913 square-foot facility in Fremont, California
where we moved our office and manufacturing operations. The lease agreement is for a base term of 87 months and a monthly rent obligation
of 50,278, subject to annual increases of 3 . The lease commenced on May 1, 2022 and the Company was provided with three months of free
rent. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are currently not a party to any material legal proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Common
Stock 

The
Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Marketplace under the symbol SCKT. 

On
March 24, 2023, the closing sales price for our common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Marketplace
 was 1.96. We have not paid dividends on our common stock, and we currently intend to retain future earnings for use in our business
and do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The
information required by this item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item
12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

Shares
repurchase activity during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

Periods 
 
 Total
 Number of Shares Purchased 
 
 Average
 Price Paid Per Share 
 
 Approximate
 Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 
 
 April
 11, 2022 to May 4, 2022 

Open
 market purchases 
 90,913 
 
 4.16 

July
 1, 2022 to August 10, 2022 

Open
 market purchases 
 90,029 
 
 3.06 

October
 1, 2022 to December 30, 2022 

Open
 market purchases 
 85,349 
 
 2.06 

Total
 
 266,291 

829,563 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Performance
Graph 

The
performance graph shown below shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any
filing of Socket Mobile, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The performance graph below shows a five-year
comparison of cumulative total stockholder return, calculated on a dividend reinvestment basis and based on a 100 investment, from December
31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 comparing the return on the Company's common stock with the Russell 2000 Index and the NASDAQ Computer
 Data Processing Index. No dividends have been declared or paid on the common stock during such period. Historical stock price performance
is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

None. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

The
following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, and the financial statements and the notes thereto in Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share) 
 
 2018 
 
 2019 
 
 2020 
 
 2021 
 
 2022 
 
 Income Statement Data: 

Revenues 

16,454 

19,253 

15,700 

23,199 

21,238 

Gross profit 

8,456 

10,101 

8,335 

12,436 

10,366 

Operating expenses 

9,042 

9,494 

12,686 

9,739 

10,812 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

(715) 

506 

(3,330) 

2,564 

(621) 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 

144 

(219) 

51 

1,903 

708 

Net income (loss) 

(571) 

287 

(3,279) 

4,466 

87 

Net
 income (loss) per share: 
 Basic 

(0.09) 

0.05 

(0.51) 

0.58 

0.01 

Diluted 

(0.09) 

0.05 

(0.51) 

0.48 

0.01 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

6,095 

5,984 

6,036 

6,991 

7,185 

Diluted 

6,095 

6,208 

6,036 

8,923 

7,533 

At
 December 31, 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

1,085 

959 

2,122 

6,096 

3,624 

Total assets 

19,148 

20,009 

15,609 

25,575 

28,598 

Bank line of credit 

1,317 

1,413 

Term loan 

833 

333 

625 

125 

Related party convertible notes payable 

1,272 

1,201 

1,231 

Convertible notes payable 

170 

144 

147 

Operating lease 

1,511 

1,134 

741 

258 

3,737 

Total stockholders equity 

12,956 

13,785 

11,173 

20,046 

20,322 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
primary sources of liquidity and capital resources have been cash provided from operations and financing activities. Our primary requirements
for liquidity and capital arise from employee-related expenditures, inventory purchases, capital expenditures, leasing of facilities,
general operating expenses, and interest and principal repayments related to our outstanding indebtedness. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 0.11 million for 2022 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 2.1 million in
2021. 

In
2022 and 2021, we invested approximately 1.2 million and 0.7 million, respectively, in computer software development, website development,
and manufacturing tooling. We expect to continue our investing activities, including planned capital expenditures. 

Net
cash used in financing activities during 2022 was approximately 1.2 million, compared to approximately 2.5 million of net cash
provided by financing activities during 2021. Financing activities in 2022 consisted primarily of approximately 830,000 repurchase
of treasury stock, and 500,000 repayment of CalCap loan, partially offset by the proceeds from the exercise of stock options in the
amount of approximately 152,000. Financing activities in 2021 consisted primarily of 1.9 million in proceeds from the exercise of
stock options and a net borrowing of 625,000 on the CalCap Loan. 

We
can also borrow under the existing 2.5 million revolving credit facility that matures on January 31, 2025. On December 31, 2022,
the Company had no outstanding drawings against the revolving credit facility. 

The
primary factors that influence our liquidity include the amount and timing of our revenues, cash collections from our customers, cash
payments to our suppliers, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and share repurchases. We believe that our existing balances of cash, and
capital resources, inclusive of available borrowing capacity on the revolving credit facility and funds generated from operations, are
sufficient to meet anticipated capital requirements, fund our operations and support our growth. Our cash requirements, however, are subject
to change as business conditions change. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
significant accounting policies are described in Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to
Financial Statements included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The application of these
policies requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on a combination of historical experience and reasonable
judgment applied to other facts. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial
statements. In addition, the use of different assumptions or judgments may result in different estimates. We believe our critical accounting
policies that are subject to these estimates are: Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable Reserves, Inventory Valuation, Stock-Based
Compensation, and Income Taxes. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Use
of Estimates 

 The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements. 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share 

 The
basic computation of earnings (loss) per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period presented
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . The computation
of diluted earnings per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period plus the common stock
equivalents which would arise from the exercise of stock options and warrants outstanding using the treasury stock method and the average
market price per share during the period. Common stock equivalents are not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation
when their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Revenue
Recognition and Deferred Revenue 

 On
January 1, 2017, we adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and implemented a new revenue recognition
policy. Under the new policy, we recognize revenue on sales to distributors when shipping of product is completed and the title
transfers to the distributor, less a reserve for estimated product returns (sales and cost of sales). The reserves are based on
estimates of future returns calculated from actual return history, primarily from stock rotations, plus knowledge of pending returns
outside of the norm. As of December 31, 2022, the deferred revenue and deferred cost on shipments to distributors were approximately
 595,000 and 266,000, respectively, compared to approximately 407,000 and 159,000, respectively, as of December 31,
2021. 

We
generally recognize revenues on sales to customers other than distributors upon shipment provided that contract with the customer is identified,
performance obligations in the contract are satisfied, and the price is determined. Most of our customers other than distributors do not
have a right of return except under warranty. 

We
earn revenue from an extended warranty service program offered on select products. Revenues from the extended warranty service program
are recognized ratably over the life of the extended warranty contract. The amount of unrecognized warranty service revenue is classified
as deferred service revenue and presented on our balance sheet in its short and long-term components. 

We
also earn revenue from services performed in connection with consulting and engineering development arrangements. For those contracts
that include contract milestones or acceptance criteria we recognize revenue as such milestones are achieved or as such acceptance occurs.
In some instances, the acceptance criteria in the contract require acceptance after all services are complete and all other elements
have been delivered, in which case revenue recognition is deferred until those requirements are met. 

Accounts
Receivable Allowance 

 We
estimate the amount of uncollectible receivables at the end of each reporting period based on the aging of the receivable balance, historical
trends, and communications with our customers. If actual bad debts are significantly different from our estimates our operating results
will be affected. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Inventory
Valuation 

 Our
inventories primarily consist of component parts used to assemble our products after we receive orders from our customers. We
purchase or have manufactured the component parts required by our engineering bill of materials. The timing and quantity of our
purchases are based on order forecasts, the lead time requirements of our vendors, and economic order quantities. At the end of each
reporting period, we compare our inventory on hand to our forecasted requirements for the next twelve-month period and reserve the
cost of any inventory that is a surplus, less any amounts that we believe we can recover from the disposal of goods or that we
specifically believe will be saleable past a nine-month horizon. Our sales forecasts are based upon historical trends,
communications from customers, and marketing data regarding market trends and dynamics. Surplus or obsolete inventory can also be
created by changes to our engineering bill of materials. Charges for the amounts we record as surplus or obsolete inventory are
included in the cost of revenue. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

 We
account for share-based awards to employees, including grants of employee stock options and restricted stocks, in our financial statements
based on the grant date fair values of the share-based awards. We use a binomial lattice valuation model to estimate the fair value of
stock option grants. The binomial lattice model incorporates calculations for expected volatility, risk-free interest rates, employee
exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior, and these factors affect the estimate of the fair value of the stock
option grants. 

Intangible Assets 

 Our intangible assets consist of completed technologies
and acquired license rights. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives based upon the estimated economic value
derived from the related intangible assets. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

 We review long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future net undiscounted cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did
not recognize any impairment loss of its long-lived assets. 

Income
Taxes 

 The
Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method under ASC 740, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method,
the Company determined deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect
of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making
such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable
temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the Company determines
that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, it would make an adjustment
to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

The
Company recorded uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) the Company determines
whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2)
for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit
that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

Results
of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

 Revenue
for 2022 was 21.2 million, a decrease of 8 compared to revenue of 23.2 million for 2021. Revenue of SocketScan series products
represented 80 of our 2022 revenue and decreased by 4 compared to 2021. Our DuraScan series products, which are weatherproof and
ruggedized and primarily targeted at commercial, industrial, warehousing, and outdoor application and their associated customers,
represented about 14 of 2022 revenue and decreased 22 compared to 2021. The decrease in revenue was due to weak demand,
particularly in retail, which is our primary revenue driver. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Gross
Margins 

Annual
gross margins on revenue decreased to 48.8 in 2022 from 53.6 in 2021. The decrease in gross margin was driven by significant inflation
and persistent higher component costs as well as the allocation of manufacturing overhead costs across lower production volumes. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred approximately 4.4 million and 4.0 million, respectively, of research and development
expenses, an increase of approximately 398,000, or 10 . The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase
of approximately 310,000 in payroll-related costs due to the impact of annual salary increase and headcount growth. 

Research
and development expenses as a percentage of revenue were 21 in 2022 and 17 in 2021. We believe that a continued commitment to Research
and Development activities is essential to maintain or achieve a leadership position for our existing products, to provide innovative
new product offerings, and to provide engineering support for key customers. In addition, we consider our ability to accelerate time to
market for new products to be critical to our revenue growth. Therefore, we expect to continue to make significant Research and Development
investments in the future. The investment percentage is impacted by revenue levels and investing cycles. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

 Sales
and marketing expenses in 2022 were approximately 3.6 million, an increase of approximately 21 compared to 3.0 million in 2021.
The increase in expenses in 2022 was primarily due to the impact of our annual salary increase and the increase in the number of
employees. We expect our compensation expense to increase as we selectively add new talent and adjust compensation to market
conditions. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

 General
and administrative expenses in 2022 was 2.81 million, an increase of approximately 40,000 or 1 compared to 2.77 million in 2021. 

Interest
Expense, net of Interest Income 

 Interest
expense and other, net of interest income and other, was approximately 175,000 in 2022 compared to approximately 199,000 in 2021. Interest
expense in both 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to the subordinated convertible notes (see Note 4, Secured Subordinated Convertible
Notes Payable, of the Notes to Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information) and interest
on the bank term loan. 

Interest
income reflects the interest earned on cash balances. Interest income was nominal in each of the comparable periods. 

Income
Taxes 

 We
recorded an income tax benefit of 708,000 (an effective tax rate of 114.1 in 2022, compared to 1.9 million (an effective tax
rate of negative 45.6 in 2021. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA ), which was signed into U.S. law in December
2017, eliminated the option to immediately deduct research and development expenditures in the year incurred under Section 174
effective January 1, 2022. The amended provision under Section 174 requires us to capitalize and amortize these expenditures over
five years (for U.S.-based research). As of December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase in taxable income of 3.95 million
and an increase in net deferred tax asset of 1.1 million. We are monitoring legislation for any further changes to Section 174 and
the potential impact on our financial statements in 2023. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

The
2021 effective tax was primarily attributed to the income tax benefit of 1.9 million resulting from the disqualifying disposition
of incentive stock options. 

Our
net operating loss carry-forwards will expire at various dates from 2023 through 2033. The Company s deferred tax asset, primarily
representing future income tax savings from the application of net operating loss carry-forwards, was valued at 8.67 million and 7.96
million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Quarterly
Results of Operations 

 The
following table sets forth a summary of quarterly statements of operations data for each of the quarters in 2021 and 2022. This
unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the annual information presented elsewhere herein, and, in
our opinion, includes all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring entries) necessary for a fair presentation of the
information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any
future period. 

Quarter
 Ended (unaudited) 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Mar
 31, 
 2021 

Jun
 30, 
 2021 

Sep
 30, 
 2021 

Dec
 31, 
 2021 

Mar
 31, 
 2022 

Jun
 30, 
 2022 

Sep
 30, 
 2022 

Dec
 31, 
 2022 
 
 Summary
 Quarterly Data: 

Revenue 

4,813 

5,953 

6,319 

6,114 

6,293 

6,046 

3,728 

5,171 

Cost
 of revenue 

2,239 

2,698 

2,896 

2,929 

3,165 

3,010 

2,073 

2,623 

Gross
 profit 

2,574 

3,255 

3,423 

3,185 

3,128 

3,036 

1,655 

2,548 

Operating
 expenses: 

Research
 and development 

931 

972 

1,014 

1,047 

1,054 

1,121 

1,096 

1,091 

Sales
 and marketing 

660 

734 

788 

820 

900 

964 

865 

909 

General
 and administrative 

741 

735 

667 

630 

710 

761 

641 

700 

Total
 operating expenses 

2,332 

2,441 

2,469 

2,497 

2,664 

2,846 

2,602 

2,700 

Extinguishment
 of debt income and other income 

10 

55 

Interest
 expense, net 

(49) 

(51) 

(50) 

(49) 

(46) 

(45) 

(43) 

(41) 
 
 Income
 tax (expense) benefit 

1,864 

(260) 

299 

(76) 

(40) 

116 

708 

Net
 income (loss) 

203 

2,627 

644 

993 

342 

104 

(874) 

515 

Basic
 net income (loss) per share 

0.03 

0.34 

0.08 

0.13 

0.04 

0.01 

(0.11) 

0.06 

Fully
 diluted net income (loss) per share 

0.03 

0.27 

0.07 

0.11 

0.04 

0.01 

(0.11) 

0.06 

Our
quarterly revenue and operating results depend on the volume and timing of orders received, which are difficult to forecast.
Historically, we have recognized a substantial portion of our revenue in the last month of the quarter. Operating results may also
fluctuate due to factors such as the demand for our products, the size and timing of customer orders, the introduction of new
products and product enhancements by us or our competitors, product mix, the timing of software enhancements, manufacturing supply
shortages, changes in the level of operating expenses, and competitive conditions in the industry. Because our staffing and other
operating expenses are based on anticipated revenue, a substantial portion of which is not typically generated until the end of each
quarter, delays in the receipt of orders can cause significant variations in operating results from quarter to quarter. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Contractual
Obligations 

Our
contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 are outlined in the table shown below: 

Payments Due by Period 

Contractual
 Obligations 

Total 
 
 1 year 

2
 to 3 
 years 

4
 to 5 
 years 

More
 than 
 5
 years 

Unconditional purchase obligations with contract manufacturers 

8,674,000 

8,409,000 

265,000 

Operating leases 

4,415,000 

621,000 

1,290,000 

1,365,000 

1,139,000 

Total contractual obligations 

13,089,000 

9,030,000 

1,555,000 

1,365,000 

1,139,000 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

 See
Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Financial Statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the status of recent accounting pronouncements. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Interest
Rate Risk 

Our
exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our bank term loan and credit line facilities. Amounts
outstanding under the term loan bear interest at the lender's prime rate (minimum of 4.25 plus 0.75 . Our bank credit line
facilities of up to 2.5 million have variable interest rates based upon the lender's prime rate (minimum of 4.25 plus 0.75 , for
both the domestic line (up to 2.0 million) and the international line (up to 0.5 million). Accordingly, interest rate increases
could increase our interest expense on outstanding term loans and credit line balances. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

A
substantial majority of our revenue, expense and purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, we require our European
distributors to purchase our products in Euros and we pay the expenses of our European employees in Euros and British pounds. We may enter
into selected future purchase commitments with foreign suppliers that may be paid in the local currency of the supplier. Based on a sensitivity
analysis of our net foreign currency denominated assets and expenses at the beginning, during and at the end of the quarter ended December
31, 2022, an adverse change of 10 in exchange rates would have resulted in a decrease in our net income for the fourth quarter 2022 of
approximately 24,000 if left unprotected. For the fourth quarter of 2022, the total net adjustment for the effects of changes in foreign
currency on cash balances, collections, payables, and derivatives used to hedge foreign currency risks, was a net gain of 15,400. We
will continue to monitor, assess, and mitigate through hedging activities, our risks related to foreign currency fluctuations. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
supplementary information required by this item is included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Socket
Mobile, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Socket Mobile, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matter communicated below
is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Deferred
Tax Asset Valuation Allowance Assessment 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As described in note 9 to the financial
statements, the Company is in a net deferred tax asset position before valuation allowance. The deferred tax assets consist principally
of net operating loss carryforwards. The future 

 realization of the tax benefits from existing
temporary differences and tax attributes ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income. In assessing the realization
of the deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized through the preparation of an undiscounted projected future cash flow analysis. 

We identified the evaluation of the deferred
tax asset valuation allowance assessment as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management used
in the undiscounted cash flow analysis. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions
required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures consisted of the
following: 

Testing
 management s process for developing the accounting estimate for the allowance. 

Evaluating
 the appropriateness of the undiscounted cash flow model used by management. 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the undiscounted cash flow model. 

Evaluating
 the significant assumptions used by management related to revenues, gross margin, other operating
 expenses, and income taxes to discern whether they are reasonable considering (i) the current
 and past performance of the entity; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry
 data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other
 areas of the audit. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

March
30, 2023 

 Auditor
Firm ID: 

30 

 Table of Contents 

SOCKET MOBILE, INC. 
 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deferred cost on shipments to distributors 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment: 

Machinery and office equipment 

Computer equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Property and equipment,
 net 

Intangible assets, net 

Other long-term assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Deferred revenue on shipments to distributors 

Short term portion of deferred service revenue 

Notes payable current portion 

Subordinated convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Subordinated convertible notes payable, net of discount-related
 party 

Operating lease current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term portion of note payable 

Long-term portion of operating lease 

Long-term portion of deferred service revenue 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Common
 stock, par value: Authorized shares, Issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and
 shares at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total stockholders 
 equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

SOCKET
 MOBILE, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 
 
 Other income 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Income tax benefit 

Net income 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Fully diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Fully diluted 

See
accompanying notes. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

SOCKET MOBILE, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Additional 

Total 

Common Stock 
 
 Paid-In 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity 
 
 Balance on December 31, 2020 

() 

Vesting of restricted stocks 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cancellation of restricted stock 

() 

() 

Conversion of convertible note 

Issuance of common stock for intangible assets 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance on December 31, 2021 

() 

Vesting of restricted stocks 

() 

Restricted stock retired for tax withholding 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Treasury shares purchased 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

Balance on December 31, 2022 

7,089,676 

266,291 

() 

() 

See
accompanying notes. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

SOCKET MOBILE, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income
 to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred tax benefits 

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of operating lease ROU asset 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Inventories 

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 
 
 Other assets 

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

() 

Net deferred revenue on shipments to distributors 

() 
 
 Deferred service revenue 

() 
 
 Net change in operating
 lease liability 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided
 by operating activities 

() 

Investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used
 in investing activities 

() 

() 
 
 Financing activities 

Common stocks repurchased and related expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from note payable 

Repayments of note payable 

() 

() 
 
 Stock options exercised 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities 

Payroll tax liability for retired restricted stock 

Property acquired under operating lease 

Conversion of note payable 

Acquisition of intangible assets 

See
accompanying notes. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

compared to a net loss of
 in 2021. 

2021 

40,651 

Finished goods 

Inventory reserves 

() 

() 
 
 Inventory, net 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Product certification costs 

Prepaid inventory purchases 

Prepaid maintenance contracts and other prepaid expenses 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

and , respectively. 

and ,
respectively. 

Ingram Micro Inc. 

Nippon Primex, Inc. 

ScanSource, Inc. 

Customer accounted for less
 than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balances 

Concentration
of Suppliers 

 Several
of the Company s component parts are produced by a sole or limited number of suppliers. Shortages could occur in these essential
materials due to increased demand, or to an interruption of supply. Suppliers may choose to restrict credit terms or require advance
payments causing delays in the procurement of essential materials. If the Company were unable to procure certain of such materials, it
could have a material adverse effect upon its results. As of December 31, 2022, of
the Company s accounts payable balances were concentrated with top two suppliers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
top two suppliers accounted for 
of inventory purchases. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and respectively, compared to approximately and , respectively,
as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Company also earns revenue from its SocketCare services program which provides for extended warranty and accidental breakage coverage
for selected products. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the SocketCare revenue was approximately and , respectively.
Service purchased at the time of product purchase provides coverage in three-year and five-year terms. The Company additionally offers
comprehensive coverage and program term extensions. Revenues from the SocketCare services program are recognized ratably over the life
of the extended warranty contract. The amount of unrecognized SocketCare service revenue is classified as deferred service revenue and
presented on the Company s balance sheet in its short-term and long-term components. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balances
of unrecognized SocketCare service revenue were and , respectively. 

million and million, respectively, compared to approximately
 million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

() 

2021 

() 

for both periods. The amount of unamortized capitalized software costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
was 7,262 and 50,833, respectively. 

and , in advertising costs during 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We
recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such
a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences,
projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to realize
our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

 We
record uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) we determine whether it is more
likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions
that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent
likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

Net income allocated to restricted
 stock award 

() 

() 
 
 Adjusted net income for basic earnings
 per share 

Convertible note interest 

Adjusted net income before interest
 for diluted earnings per share 

Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding used in computing net
 income per share: 

Basic 

Fully
 diluted 

Net income per share applicable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

Fully
 diluted 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
2022, the shares used in computing diluted net income per share do not include stock options, 844,976 shares of restricted stocks
and 958,904 shares for convertible notes as their effects are anti-dilutive. In 2021, the shares used in computing diluted net income
per share do not include dilutive stock options and shares of restricted stocks as the effect is anti-dilutive. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

 The
Company has incentive plans that reward employees with stock options and shares of restricted stocks. The amount of compensation cost
for these stock-based awards is measured based on the fair value of the awards as of the date that the awards are issued. The fair values
of stock options are generally determined using a binomial lattice valuation model which incorporates assumptions about expected volatility,
risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and expected life. Compensation cost for stock-based awards is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the vesting period. 

Europe 

Asia and rest of world 

Total 

Export
revenues are attributable to countries based on the location of the Company s customers. The Company does not hold long-lived assets
in foreign locations. 

BlueStar, Inc. 

ScanSource, Inc. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Under
the 2021 Technology Transfer Agreement, the Company acquired an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, unlimited,
unrestricted, royalty-free, fully paid-up right and license to SpringCard s Contactless Technology Package for use in the Company s
Contactless Reader/Writer products, D600 and S550. SpringCard received 184,332 shares of the Company s common stock, subject to
a collar, and a 10-year warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock at the price of 10.85
per share in four equal lots of 12,500 shares each, with each lot exercisable on or after January 1st of 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively,
until the expiration date of the warrant. The common stock was issued on March 29, 2021. The fair value of intangible assets acquired
is based on the closing stock price of 7.65 on March 29, 2021. On April 20, 2021, the Company agreed to pay SpringCard the sum of 192,293
to resolve all issues that have arisen due to clerical issues in the implementation of the 2021 Technology Transfer Agreement. The Company
and SpringCard both agreed that, with this payment, the Company shall have no further financial obligation to SpringCard under the 2021
Technology Transfer Agreement. 

The
Condensed Balance Sheets include the intangible assets of the acquired technology at the carrying amount, net of amortization of 
as of December 31, 2022. 

The
SpringCard intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives of fifteen years on a straight-line basis, which commenced
on April 1, 2021. The estimated future amortization of intangible assets is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million
revolving facility and a million nonformula loan. The 1.0 million nonformula loan was enrolled in the CalCap Collateral Support
Program (the CalCap Loan and advanced on February 16, 2021. The Company will make a principal reduction payment of 125,000,
plus all accrued but unpaid interest on the 30th day of each of April, July, October and January. The Financing Agreement also extended
the maturity date of both the Domestic Line of Credit and EXIM Line of Credit to . 

First
Business Financing Modification Agreement 

 On
February 9, 2022, the Company entered into the First Business Financing Modification Agreement with the Bank. The Bank consented to the
share repurchase program of up to 1.8 million. Future audit of accounts receivables will be performed once every twelve months. The Bank
increased the credit limit for business credit cards to 250,000. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Second
Business Financing Modification Agreement and Waiver of Defaults 

 On
January 25, 2023, the Company entered into the Second Business Financing Modification Agreement and Waiver of Defaults with the Bank which
extended the maturity date of the Company s revolving lines of credit to January 31, 2025. 

Amounts
outstanding under the CalCap Loan as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

CalCap Loan 

Interest
expense on the CalCap Loan for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was . Accrued interest payable related to the amounts outstanding
under the CalCap Loan as of December 31, 2022 was . 

There
were no amounts borrowed at year end on the Company s bank credit lines as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

, including from officers,
directors, and family members. Because the Financing involved such parties related to the Company, a special committee of the Board comprising
the Board s disinterested directors approved the Financing. 

The
funds raised are used to increase the Company s working capital balances. The notes have a three-year term that accrue interest
at per annum and mature on August 30, 2023. The interest on the notes is payable quarterly in cash. The holder of each note may require
the Company to repay the principal amount of the note plus accrued interest at any time after August 31, 2021. The principal amount of
each note is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price
of per share, which was the market closing price of the common stock on Friday, August 28, 2020, the closing date of the financing.
The notes did not contain a beneficial conversion feature because the conversion price is higher than the market closing price on the
date of the notes payable. The notes are secured by the assets of the Company and are subordinated to amounts outstanding under the Company s
working capital bank line of credit with Western Alliance Bank. Total issuance costs associated with the financing is , and the
costs are presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the notes payable balance of as a contra-liability. The
issuance costs are amortized over three years, the term of the notes payable, and the amortization expense is reported as interest expense. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company and the requisite holders of the outstanding notes entered into a Secured Subordinated Convertible Note
Extension Agreement (the Extension Agreement ), extending the maturity date of the notes from August 30, 2023 to August 30,
2024. All other terms and conditions of the notes remain in full force and effect. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
amortization of debt discount was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining debt discount of
 will be amortized through August 30, 2023. 

Total
interest expenses recognized related to the convertible note were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, two noteholders elected to convert note principal of 130,000 into shares of the Company s common
stock, 0.001 par value per shares, at the conversion price. 

million and million, respectively,
compared to approximately million and million, respectively, on December 31, 2021. 

The
operating lease expense under existing agreement was allocated in cost of goods sold and operating costs based on department headcount
and amounted to and for the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Cash
payments included in the measurement of our existing operating lease liabilities were and for the twelve-month periods
ended December 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Future
minimum lease payments under the existing operating lease as of December 31, 2022 are shown below: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum payments 

Less: Present value factor 

() 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 

Less: Current portion of operating
 lease 

() 
 
 Long-term portion of operating
 lease 

. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Stock-based compensation expenses 

As
of December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized stock-based compensation expense was and is expected to be amortized over a
weighted average period of years. 

Stock
Options Stock option awards have an exercise price equal to the closing price on the date of grant, expire in ten years
from the date of grant and vest over a four-year period at 25 per year. The Company calculates the value of each stock option grant,
estimated on the date of grant, using binomial lattice option pricing model. The weighted-average estimated fair value of stock options
granted during 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, using the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Volatility factor 

Expected option life (years) 

The
risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant; the dividend yield is calculated as the ratio
of dividends paid per share of common stock to the stock price on the date of grant; the expected life is based on historical and expected
exercise behavior; and volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock price over the expected life of the
option. 

The
table below presents the information related to stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Cash received from stock option exercises 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
following summarizes stock option activity under the 2004 Plan as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Outstanding
 Options 

Number 
 of
 Shares 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise
 Price Per Share 
 Remaining
 Contractual Term (in years) 

Intrinsic 
 Value 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

) 

Canceled 

) 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised

) 

Canceled 

) 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

5.33 
 
 148,165 
 
 Exercisable 

4.83 
 
 147,896 
 
 Unvested 

8.17 
 
 269 
 
 Outstanding, Remaining contractual term (in years) 

Outstanding, Intrinsic Value 

Exercisable, Remaining Contractual term (in years) 

Exercisable, Intrinsic Value 

Unvested, Remaining contractual term (in years) 

Unvested, Intrinsic Value 

Stock
options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 are summarized below: 

Options
 Outstanding 
 
 Options
 Exercisable 

Range
 of 
 Exercise 
 Prices 

Number
 of 
 Options
 Outstanding 
 
 Weighted
 Average Remaining Life (Years) 

Weighted 
 Average
 Exercise Price 

Number
 of Options Exercisable 

Weighted
 Average Exercise Price 
 
 0.95
 - 1.25 
 
 150,338 
 
 2.50 
 
 1.06 
 
 150,338 
 
 1.06 
 
 1.50
 - 1.90 
 
 207,825 
 
 4.42 

1.85 
 
 198,851 
 
 1.85 
 
 2.00
 - 2.32 
 
 349,196 
 
 5.75 
 
 2.30 
 
 304,286 
 
 2.29 
 
 2.40
 - 2.75 
 
 138,775 
 
 4.42 
 
 2.63 
 
 138,775 

2.63 
 
 2.93
 - 2.95 
 
 107,824 
 
 5.75 
 
 2.93 
 
 100,324 
 
 2.93 
 
 3.05
 - 4.22 
 
 160,690 
 
 5.50 
 
 3.82 
 
 130,690 

3.99 
 
 4.49
 - 8.58 
 
 182,074 
 
 8.42 

6.39 
 
 73,117 
 
 6.23 
 
 0.95
 - 8.58 
 
 1,296,722 
 
 5.33 
 
 2.93 
 
 1,096,381 
 
 2.61 

Restricted
stock The Company issues restricted stocks to employees and consultants and holds shares of such stock in escrow until
the shares vest on the schedule of 15 after year one, 20 after year two, 25 after year three and 40 after year four, subject to the
employees and consultants being a continuing service provider on the vesting dates. If the service or employment is terminated, unvested
shares revert to the Company. Shares are registered at grant, so share owners may vote at the annual stockholder meeting. Shares of restricted
stocks are granted at zero cost basis. Compensation cost of the shares of restricted stocks issued by the Company is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the 4-year vesting period. 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
following summarizes information related to restricted stock activity under the 2004 Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Number of Restricted Stocks 
 
 Weighted Average Price Per Share 

Unvested
 as of December 31, 2020 

442,200 

1.58 

Granted 

312,112 

2.89 

Vested 

(59,659) 

1.65 

Forfeited 

(48,528) 

2.00 

Unvested
 as of December 31, 2021 

646,125 

2.18 

Granted 

330,700 

3.82 

Vested 

(111,719) 

2.11 

Forfeited 

(20,130) 

2.29 

Unvested
 as December 31, 2022 

844,976 

2.84 

Secured subordinated convertible notes (see Note 4) 

Stock warrants issued to SpringCard SAS (see Note 2) 

Reserved for future grants (including 266,291 treasury shares) 

2,759,424 

2,595,707 

49 

 Table of Contents 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

() 
 
 State 

() 

() 
 
 Total Deferred 

() 

() 
 
 Income tax benefit 

() 

() 

A
reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company's effective tax rate is as follows: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

- 

Valuation allowance 

Stock compensation 

- 

- 

NOL true up 

- 

Tax credits 

- 

Other 

- 

Provision for taxes 

The
principal components of deferred tax assets and (liabilities) are as follows for the period ended: 

Tax credits 

Accruals reserves 

Lease liabilities 

Depreciation 

Share-based compensation 

Capitalized Research Costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Amortization 

() 

() 
 
 ROU assets 

() 

() 
 
 Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. Federal net operating loss carryforwards of million which includes 15.7 million that
expire at various dates from 2023 through 2033, and 6.8 million that have an unlimited carryforward period. As of December 31, 2021,
the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of million that will expire at various dates from 2029 through 2040. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. Federal research and development credit carryforwards of million that begin to expire
at various dates through 2042. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state research and development credit carryforwards of million
that have an unlimited carryforward period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company is in a net deferred tax asset position before valuation allowance. The deferred tax assets consist
principally of net operating loss carryforwards. The future realization of the tax benefits from existing temporary differences and tax
attributes ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets,
the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
Company also considers past operating results, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
As of December 31, 2022, after consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, the Company continues to maintain
a full valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets related to U.S. federal R D tax credits because they are
more likely than not to expire unused. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
was a decrease of less than 0.1 million and an increase of less than 0.1 million, respectively. 

On
August 9, 2022 and August 16, 2022, the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) and the Inflation Reduction Act
(IRA) were signed into law by the US President, respectively. The new legislation contains many tax provisions, however none had an impact
to the Company's financials. 

The
future realization of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may also be limited by the change in ownership
rules under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Under Section 382, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (as defined),
the corporation s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset income may be limited.
The Company has not completed a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership
changes. 

The
following table summarizes the activity related to the Company's unrecognized tax benefits: 

Increases (decreases) for current year tax provisions 

Increases (decreases) for prior year tax provisions 

) 

Decreases for expiration of statute of limitations 

Settlements 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Increases (decreases) for current year tax provisions 

Increases (decreases) for prior year tax provisions 

) 

Decreases for expiration of statute of limitations 

Settlements 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

SOCKET
MOBILE, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in California, and is therefore subject to tax examination by two
taxing authorities. The Company is not currently under examination and is not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its tax positions. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years
in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities
to the extent utilized in a future period. As of December 31, 2022, the tax years from 2019 to present remain open to examination by relevant
taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. However, to the extent the Company utilizes net operating losses from years prior
to 2019, the statute remains open to the extent of the net operating losses or other credits that are utilized. 

The
calculation and assessment of the Company's tax exposures generally involve the uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and
regulations for federal and state jurisdictions. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely
than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation, on the basis
of the technical merits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of unrecognized
tax benefits. Of the 1.0 million as of December 31, 2022, 1.0 million if recognized would affect the effective tax rate. In addition,
the Company believes it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits will not change significantly within the next twelve
months. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not accrued any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The
Company has elected to recognize accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in tax expense in its financial
statements. 

shares of restricted stocks at a weighted
average price of 2.45 per share have been granted from the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan subsequent to December 31, 2022. The shares include
annual refresher grants to all continuing employees with a weighting reflecting the level of responsibility and performance of the employee
and initial grants to two newly hired employees. 

The Company has issued shares of common stock
for the exercise of stock options. 

shares of common stock were repurchased from
the market at the average price of 2.25. 

On March 13, 2023, the Company entered into an ICS Deposit Placement Agreement
with IntraFi Network LLC through its own bank, Bridge Bank, a division of Western Alliance Bank. The ICS program offers its customers 
demand or savings products with access to unlimited FDIC insurance, thereby helping the Company retain the full amount of the deposit
on its balance sheet. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure
that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. There are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurances with respect to financial statement preparation. Further,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

We
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued in 2013. This assessment included review of the documentation of controls, testing of operating effectiveness
of controls and a conclusion on this assessment. 

Based
on our assessment using those criteria, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which exempts non-accelerated filers from Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter covered by this Annual Report
on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting
of stockholders to be held on June 7, 2023. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting
of stockholders to be held on June 7, 2023. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Certain
information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting
of stockholders to be held on June 7, 2023. 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 about our common stock that may be issued under the Company s existing
equity compensation plans. For additional information about the stock-based compensation plans see Note 6, Stock-Based Compensation Plan,
of the Notes to Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Number
 of 
 securities
 to be issued 
 upon
 exercise of 
 outstanding
 options 

Weighted
 average 
 exercise
 price of 
 outstanding
 options 

Number
 of securities 
 remaining
 available 
 for
 future issuance 
 under
 equity 
 compensation
 plans 

Equity
 compensation plans approved 
 by
 security holders (1) 

1,296,722 

2.93 

453,798 

(1) 
 Consists of the 2004
 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to an affirmative vote by security holders in June 2004, an annual increase in the number of shares authorized
 under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is added on the first day of each fiscal year equal to the least of (a) 400,000 shares, (b) four
 percent of the total outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on that date, or (c) a lesser amount as determined by the
 Board of Directors. As a result, a total of 283,587 shares became available for grant under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan on January
 1, 2023, in addition to those set forth in the table above. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain
information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting
of stockholders to be held on June 7, 2023. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Certain
information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting
of stockholders to be held on June 7, 2023. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this report: 

1. 
 All financial statements. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 29 

Balance Sheets 
 
 31 

Statements of Income 
 
 32 

Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 
 33 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 34 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 35 

2. 
 Financial statement schedules. 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the required information is included
in the financial statements or notes herein. 

3. 
 Exhibits. 

See
Index to Exhibits on page 58. The Exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part
of this report. 

(b)
Exhibits: 

See
Index to Exhibits on page 58. The Exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part
of this report. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOCKET MOBILE,
 INC. 

Registrant 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Kevin
 J. Mills 

Kevin J. Mills 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Kevin J. Mills Kevin J. Mills 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Charlie Bass Charlie Bass 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Lynn Zhao Lynn Zhao 

Vice
 President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Bill Parnell Bill Parnell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Brenton E. MacDonald. Brenton E. MacDonald 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 David W. Dunlap David W. Dunlap 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Ivan Lazarev Ivan Lazarev 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Laura Weinstein Laura Weinstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Index
to Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 (1) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate, as filed June 20, 2013. 

3.3 (2) 
 Bylaws, as amended February 17, 2008. 

4.1 (3) 
 Form of Secured Subordinated Convertible Note issued August 31, 2020. 

10.1 (4) 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Company and its directors
 and officers. 

10.2 (5) 
 2004 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder. 

10.3 (6) 
 Form of Management Incentive Variable Compensation Plan between the Company and
 certain eligible participants. 

10.4 (7) 
 Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease by and between Del Norte Farms,
 Inc. and the Company dated October 24, 2006 (assigned to Newark Eureka Industrial Capital, LLC September 17, 2007). 

10.5 (8) 
 Second Amendment to Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Lessee Lease Net
 dated August 30, 2010. 

10.6 (9) 
 Third Amendment to Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease Net
 dated December 28, 2012. 

10.7 (10) 
 Warrants for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock Issued November 19, 2010 to
 the Investor and the Placement Agent in connection with a private placement. 

10.8 (11) 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated February 27, 2014 by and between the Company
 and Bridge Bank, National Association. 

10.9 (12) 
 Form of Employment Agreement dated May 1, 2017 between the Company and the officers
 of the Company. 

10.10 (13) 
 Business Financing Modification Agreement dated February 26, 2016 by and between
 the Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.11 (14) 
 Business Financing Modification Agreement dated March 20, 2017 by and between the
 Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.12 (15) 
 Business Financing Modification Agreement dated January 31, 2018 by and between
 the Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.13 (16) 
 Tender Offer Statement to purchase up to 1,250,000 shares of common stock at a
 price not greater than 4.25 nor less than 3.75 per share. 

10.14 (17) 
 Business Financing Modification Agreement dated June 4, 2018 by and between the
 Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.15 (18) 
 Business Financing Modification Agreement dated January 8, 2020 by and between
 the Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.16 (19) 
 Amended and Restated Business Financing Agreement dated January 29, 2021 by and
 between the Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.17 
 First Business Financing Modification Agreement dated February 9, 2022 by and between
 the Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.18 (20) 
 Second Business Financing Modification Agreement and Waiver of Defaults dated January
 25, 2023 by and between the Company and Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation. 

10.19 (21) 
 2021 Technology Transfer Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and between
 the Company and SpringCard SAS 

10.20 (22) 
 Secured Subordinated Convertible Note Extension Agreement, effective as of November
 16, 2022 

11.1 
 Computation of Earnings per Share (see Statements
 of Operations in Item 8). 

14.1 (23) 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

23.1 
 Consent of Sadler Gibb Associates, LLC,
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 Inline XBRL Document. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File. 

_________ 

Executive compensation plan or arrangement. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2009 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2008. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2020. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2012. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix C filed
 with the Company s Form DEF 14A filed on April 29, 2004 and Item 4 on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2013 reporting extension of the
 Plan to April 23, 2024. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix B filed
 with the Company s Form DEF 14A filed on March 16, 2011. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2006. 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2010. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2013. 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2010. 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2014. 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2017. 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2016. 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2017. 

(15) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018. 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Schedule TO filed on February 2, 2018. 

(17) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2018. 

(18) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2020. 

(19) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021. 

(20) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2023. 

(21) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021. 

(22) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2022. 

(23) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
 the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2006. 

<EX-23>
 2
 k10ex23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit
23.1 

Registered
with the Public Company 

 Accounting
Oversight Board 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors 

 Socket
Mobile, Inc. 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of Socket Mobile, Inc. of our report dated March 30,
2023, relating to the financial statements of Socket Mobile, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2022, and for
the years then ended, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2022: 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 and Form S-3/A
(No. 333-100754) pertaining to the 4,844,797 (post reverse split 484,480) shares of common stock of the Company; 

 Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-87348) pertaining to the 500,104 (post reverse split 50,010) shares of common stock of the Company; 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-96231) pertaining to the 2,662,638 (post reverse split 266,263) shares of common stock of
the Company; 

 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-159923) pertaining to the 645,981 shares of common stock of the Company; 

 Registration Statements on Form S-3 and Form S-3/A (No. 333-171267) pertaining to the 1,310,398 shares of common stock of the
Company; 

 Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-220043, 333-214612, 333-199599, 333-180055, 333-172950, 333-165984, 333-157975,
333-149688, 333-141587, 333-132345, and 333-123396) pertaining to the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan; 

 Registration Statement on Form
S-3 (No. 333-172948) pertaining to the 282,485 shares of common stock of the Company. 

 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No.
333-220042) pertaining to the 972,884 shares of common stock of the Company. 

 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-249873)
pertaining to the 1,047,942 shares of common stock of the Company. 

 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-255186) pertaining
to the 10,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. 

/s/
Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC 

Draper,
UT 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 k10ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Kevin J. Mills, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Socket Mobile, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
 in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin J. Mills 

Name: 
 Kevin
 J. Mills 

Title: 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 k10ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Lynn Zhao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Socket Mobile, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
 in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March
30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lynn Zhao 

Name: 
 Lynn
 Zhao 

Title: 
 Vice
 President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 k10ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Kevin J. Mills, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Socket Mobile,
Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial
condition and results of operations of Socket Mobile, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/
 Kevin J. Mills 

Name: 
 
 Kevin
 J. Mills 

Title: 
 
 President and Chief Executive
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 
 March 30,
 2023 

I, Lynn Zhao, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Socket Mobile, Inc.
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition
and results of operations of Socket Mobile, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/
 Lynn Zhao 

Name: 
 
 Lynn
 Zhao 

Title: 
 
 Vice President of Finance
 and Administration and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sckt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sckt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sckt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sckt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

