<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1843205_0001213900-23-024902.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4567557</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>545932</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>926993</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>952017</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1047256</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>976345</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024902.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330212438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024902
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jaws Hurricane Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843205
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40479
		FILM NUMBER:		23782756

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 WASHINGTON AVENUE, SUITE 800
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-695-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 WASHINGTON AVENUE, SUITE 800
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024902.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_jawshurri.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not Applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: 

 Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant HCNEU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 HCNEW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons
who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the Class A common stock on June
30, 2022, as reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market LLC Nasdaq ), was (based on the Nasdaq closing sales price
of the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022 of 9.71). 

As of March 30, 2023, shares of Class A common stock
and shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 65 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 65 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 65 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 65 

PART II 
 
 66 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 66 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 67 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 68 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 73 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 74 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 74 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 75 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 75 

PART III 
 
 76 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 76 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 85 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 86 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 87 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 88 

PART IV 
 
 90 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statements Schedules 
 90 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 91 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

Founders are to Barry S. Sternlicht and Matthew Walters; 

founder shares are to our shares of Class B common stock initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior
to our initial public offering and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares
of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class A common stock
will not be public shares 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the
closing of our initial public offering and that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to our shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether
they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent
our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management
team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants that are sold to third parties
that are not initial purchasers or officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business
combination; 

sponsor are to Hurricane Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and affiliate of JAWS Estates Capital LLC JAWS ), the public and private direct investing focused single family office of Barry S. Sternlicht; and 

we, us, our, Company, our Company or JAWS Hurricane 
are to JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report, including, without limitation, statements
under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements
that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and are based on
management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to,
the following risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other factors: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business
or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the amount of redemptions by our public stockholders; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from general economic and political conditions
such as recessions, interest rates, international currency fluctuations and health epidemics and pandemics (including the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic), inflation, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and acts of war (including the military conflict that started between
the Russian Federation, Belarus and Ukraine in February 2022) or terrorism; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity, volatility and trading; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors
described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors 
may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution
you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments
in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments
may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

SUMMARY OF RISK
FACTORS 

The following is a summary of the principal risks
described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Report. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors 
section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely
affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read
in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Report. 

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in us. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with
the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise
of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, after approval of our board, our initial stockholders and management
team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential
business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us
to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
your stock. 

Our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination. 

Financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services
to us after our initial public offering. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering
may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have to conduct
due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to
complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
and complete an initial business combination. 

iv 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be
materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering,
in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
Additionally, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for
distribution to public stockholders and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their
affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the
public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore,
to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in
our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, related to the Company s accounting
for complex financial instruments. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us
and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult
for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time
period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account
are insufficient to allow us to operate for 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we may be unable to complete our
initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain
circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 

v 

PART I 

ITEM 1.
BUSINESS 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination.
We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our
initial business combination. Our sponsor, Hurricane Sponsor LLC, is an affiliate of JAWS. 

On January 19, 2021, our sponsor purchased 7,187,500
shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On June 15, 2021, the sponsor purchased 4,162,500 private placement
warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 8,325,000. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one
share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. In addition, on June 10, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization
with respect to Class B common stock of 718,750 shares thereof, resulting in the Company s initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 7,906,250 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the Company by the sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. 

On June 15, 2021, the Company consummated its initial
public offering of 31,625,000 units, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 4,125,000
units to cover over-allotments, at 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds of 316,250,000. Each unit consists of one share
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and one-fourth (1/4) of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

JAWS Hurricane is named after the Hawker Hurricane,
a maneuverable, small fighter aircraft that helped propel the Allies to victory at the Battle of Britain. Like the Hurricane, our JAWS
Hurricane SPAC has been purposefully built to be smaller so that it is efficient and nimble in its initial business combination. We intend
to focus our efforts on identifying a prospective target business with either all or a substantial portion of its activities in North
America. We expect to focus on consumer technology and related technology businesses that have attractive growth-oriented characteristics
and strong underlying demand drivers. As we focus our efforts in identifying a prospective target company or business, we will seek to
capitalize on our Founders multiple decades of combined investment experience, particularly in the consumer and consumer internet
and technology sectors. We do not intend to target industries that are competitive with Starwood Capital, which includes real estate,
lodging, oil and gas and energy infrastructure. Our Founders have a vast proprietary network of executives, investors and advisors. Particularly,
each Founder maintains close relationships with key founders, investors, and contacts in Silicon Valley, Silicon Alley, and other similar
regions with growth technology companies. The Founders will employ a disciplined and highly selective investment process and expect to
add value to a target company through add-on acquisitions, capital structure optimization and operational improvements. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our efforts on identifying a prospective target company or business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic
region. 

We believe there are many potential targets within
the space that are both attractive acquisition opportunities and positioned to deliver substantial value to stockholders. We estimate
there to be a significant number of businesses with valuations appropriate for our Company that reside in our target sectors, with valuations
in excess of 1 billion. Such high growth technology companies are positioned in sub-sectors that have large total addressable markets
(TAM) previously underserved by incumbents, which have allowed technologically advantaged companies to capture a significant portion of
the TAM. Many traditional consumer businesses that have not previously fully embraced e-commerce are finding it difficult to compete,
while tremendous value has been created by consumer technology companies over the last decade as they race to build the next generation
of technology. Consumer technology businesses, or traditional businesses with a large technology component, simply have the benefit of
lower customer acquisition and marketing costs, lower adoption hurdles and a better product fit. 

1 

We believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has proven
to be a catalyst for growth in the consumer technology and related sectors, pulling forward digital consumer trends and adoption across
several consumer categories. For example, according to IBM s U.S. Retail Index, the pandemic has accelerated the shift away from
physical stores to digital shopping by roughly five years. We believe that consumer habits formed during the pandemic are likely to carry
over into the post-COVID recovery, across all generations, not just millennials and Gen Z. As a result, the consumer technology and related
sectors have grown substantially, with myriad businesses experiencing hyper growth, which we expect to continue. We believe that in order
to effectively address new and sustained demand levels, companies and businesses in these sectors need to access the public markets in
a timely manner, which may not be possible through a traditional initial public offering or spin-off. 

Finally - our Founders are proven stewards of investor
capital and have a track record of investing in strong business models that operate in favorable gross-margin industries with long term
contracts and customers, all of which are key criteria for selecting a suitable business. 

Barry S. Sternlicht, our Chairman, is a well-known
entrepreneur and operator with an extensive deal-making history. He founded Starwood Capital in 1991 and currently serves as Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. Starwood Capital is a private alternative investment firm focused on global real estate, hotel management,
oil and gas, and energy infrastructure with 115 billion of assets under management as of January 31, 2022. Through the Starwood Capital
platform, Mr. Sternlicht has created several multi-billion dollar public market companies, ranging from traditional real estate to branded
hospitality. He has also executed several marquee public market transactions to enhance the scale of his core platform - including the
creation and expansion of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), the consolidation of Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide (formerly
NYSE: HOT), the spin-off and growth of Invitation Homes (NYSE: INVH), and the formation of Equity Residential (NYSE: EQR). Similarly,
he has been involved in numerous private market consumer businesses as an early investor. 

Mr. Sternlicht currently serves as the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of STWD, a leading, diversified real estate finance company with 7 billion in market capitalization and one
of the first mortgage REITs launched post-crisis. Since inception in 2009, Mr. Sternlicht has guided STWD through a steady evolution with
 83 billion in deployed capital, evolving from a pure-play commercial lender to a diversified commercial REIT with residential lending,
commercial mortgage servicing, property ownership, and infrastructure lending. Mr. Sternlicht also has deep operating expertise, serving
as the Chairman, from January 1995 through May 2005, and as the Chief Executive Officer, from January 1995 through September 2004, of
HOT, a period in which the share price appreciated at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 16 . Over his tenure as Chief Executive
Officer, Mr. Sternlicht grew the total market capitalization of HOT to approximately 10 billion. As Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sternlicht
executed several key acquisitions, including Westin Hotels, Patriot American, and ITT Corp., and led the development of the W Hotel concept. 

Additionally, Mr. Sternlicht currently serves as
Chairman of two public SPACs, JAWS Mustang Acquisition Corporation (NYSE: JWSM; JAWS Mustang ), which successfully conducted
its initial public offering in February 2021, and JAWS Juggernaut Acquisition Corporation (Nasdaq: JUGG; JAWS Juggernaut ),
which successfully conducted its initial public offering in June 2021. Mr. Sternlicht previously served as Chairman of JAWS Acquisition
Corp., through its business combination with Cano Health, which closed on June 3, 2021. Mr. Sternlicht is currently a member of the board
of directors of Cano Health. Cano Health is a primary care-centric, technology-powered healthcare delivery and population health platform.
The combined company operates as Cano Health, and is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol CANO . Mr. Sternlicht also
previously served as Chairman of JAWS Spitfire Acquisition Corporation JAWS Spitfire ), through its business combination
with Velo3D, Inc. Velo3D ), which closed on September 29, 2021. Upon closing of the business combination, Mr. Sternlicht
resigned as the Chairman of the board of directors. Velo3D is a leader in additive manufacturing for high value metal parts. The combined
company operates as Velo3D and is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol VLD . Mr. Sternlicht also served as a director
of Vesper Healthcare Acquisition Corp. which, on May 4, 2021, consummated a business combination with Hydrafacial and changed its name
to The Beauty Health Company (Nasdaq: SKIN). Mr. Sternlicht is also a member of the board of directors of INVH, The Est e Lauder
Companies Inc. (NYSE: EL), and A.S. Roma S.p.A. (MIB: ASR). 

2 

Matthew Walters, our Chief Executive Officer and
director, is also a Managing Director at JAWS and the Chief Operating Officer of JAWS Mustang. He directs the private investment strategy
with a particular emphasis on the consumer and technology sectors for JAWS. JAWS representative investments include Artsy, Away Luggage,
Color Genomics, Delos Living, Didi, Domino s China, Flaschenpost, Flipkart, Hyperloop, Illumio, Pre-IPO Lyft, Oscar Health, Oyo
Rooms, Parachute Home, Qualia, Sarcos Robotics, Sweetgreen, Third Love and Wish. Mr. Walters also previously served as Chief Executive
Officer and director of JAWS Spitfire through its business combination with Velo3D. Mr. Walters is currently a member of the board of
directors of Velo3D. Prior to joining JAWS, Mr. Walters spent his entire career at L Catterton, the largest, most global consumer-focused
private equity firm, where he worked on sourcing and investment strategy for both the buyout and growth oriented funds. Mr. Walters sits
on the board of Sempre Life and is a board observer at Bluestone Lane and Parachute Home. Mr. Walters received a B.A. from the University
of Virginia and an M.S. in Finance from Fairfield University. 

Andy Appelbaum serves on our board of directors.
He is the Managing Partner of RiverPark Ventures, a venture capital firm focusing on high growth, early stage businesses. RiverPark Ventures
is part of the RiverPark family of funds, a multi-strategy portfolio management firm. Mr. Appelbaum is a career entrepreneur with a focus
on creating marketplaces and disrupting inefficient supply chains. The companies he has co-founded have spanned a broad diversity of industries,
including technology, energy, food services, e-commerce, media and real estate. Mr. Appelbaum is the co-founder of Seamless (formerly
Seamless Web), Cleaner Options, mdenergy, Blue Ribbon Partners and domino Media Group. Prior to founding RiverPark Ventures, he was an
active angel investor. Mr. Appelbaum received a BA in Philosophy and Political Science, summa cum laude from SUNY Binghamton in 1988 and
a JD from New York University School of Law in 1991. From 1991 through 1992, he was an associate with the New York office of Latham 
Watkins, specializing in corporation transactions and restructuring. Mr. Appelbaum serves on the Board of Directors and Executive Committee
of the JCC of Manhattan and is a member of New York Angels. 

Benjamin Weprin serves on our board of directors.
Mr. Weprin also has previously served as a director of JAWS Acquisition from May 2020 until the completion of its business combination
with Cano Health on June 3, 2021. In October 2008, he founded AJ Capital Partners, a private real estate company based in Chicago, Illinois,
and has served as the Chief Executive Officer since its creation. AJ Capital Partners acquires, develops and operates hospitality assets
and businesses with a focus on luxury lodging investments. Mr. Weprin also founded Adventurous Journeys LP in 2008 and has served as its
Chief Executive Officer since its creation. He is also the founder of Graduate Hotels and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since
its creation in 2014. Mr. Weprin received an M.B.A. from Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management and a B.A. in Business Administration
from University of Tennessee-Knoxville. 

Sanjan Dhody serves on our board of directors. From
2016 to 2021, Mr. Dhody worked as a Managing Director for Alex. Brown. Prior to Alex. Brown, he served as Managing Director at Deutsche
Bank since 2005. Mr. Dhody advises some of the wealthiest families in the United States, Europe, and Latin America. He was ranked by Barron s
as the number 1 advisor in Florida in 2013 and one of the top 10 advisors in the United States in 2014. Before Deutsche Bank, Mr. Dhody
was at Lehman Brothers in fixed income financial engineering, where he worked on complex structured transactions and collaborated with
the firm s counterparties on sophisticated investments. He then joined Lehman Brothers Private Client Group where he built a significant
institutional and ultra-high net worth family office advisory practice complemented by a focus on equity, fixed income, and structured
solutions. He started his career at Citicorp Global Emerging Markets Group in London. Mr. Dhody received his M.B.A. from Richmond College,
London -UK and a B.B.A. (Hons) from St. Xavier s College, Calcutta University India. He has also served on the New York Committee
of Human Rights Watch. 

We believe that our management team is well positioned
to identify attractive business combination opportunities with a compelling industry backdrop and an opportunity for transformational
growth. Our objectives are to generate attractive returns for our stockholders and enhance value through improving operational performance
of the acquired company. We expect to favor potential target companies with certain industry and business characteristics. Key industry
characteristics include compelling long term growth prospects, attractive competitive dynamics, consolidation opportunities and low risk
of technological obsolescence. Key business characteristics include high barriers to entry, significant streams of recurring revenue,
opportunity for operational improvement, attractive steady-state margins, high incremental margins and attractive free cash flow characteristics. 

3 

With respect to the above, past experience or performance
of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute
a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record
of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of future performance. Our management team and their respective affiliates
have been involved with a large number of public and private companies in addition to those identified above, not all of which have achieved
similar performance levels. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary
or contractual obligations to other entities, including SPACs. See Risk Factors General Risk Factors Past performance
by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Business Strategy 

Our business strategy is to identify and complete
our initial business combination with a company that complements the experience of our Founders and can benefit from their operational
and investment expertise. Our selection process leverages Mr. Sternlicht s and Mr. Walters broad and deep relationship network,
unique industry experiences and deal sourcing capabilities to access a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities. This network has
been developed through our Founders demonstrated success both investing in and operating businesses across a variety of industries,
developing a distinctive combination of capabilities including: 

a track record of creating and growing multi-billion dollar platforms in the public markets; 

extensive mergers and acquisitions experience, including driving transformational transactions; 

close relationships with key founders, investors, and contacts of venture capital and private equity backed companies, ranging from
seed to late stage; 

ability to enhance and advise management teams as they transition from private to public markets; 

experience driving capital allocation decisions at the corporate level; 

understanding of public market performance and requirements; 

history of sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses; 

deep relationships with sellers, financing providers and target management teams; and 

an extensive history of accessing the capital markets across various business cycles, including financing businesses and assisting
companies with transition to public ownership. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We use these
criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with
a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We do not intend to target industries that are competitive with Starwood
Capital, which includes real estate, lodging, oil and gas and energy infrastructure. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that
we believe: 

are growth-oriented, market-leading companies within their industries and target North American consumer and technology businesses; 

have a strong and competitive industry position, with demonstrated competitive advantages to maintain barriers to entry; 

would benefit from the Founders network or expertise such as additional management expertise, capital structure optimization,
acquisition advice or operational changes to drive improved financial performance; 

are fundamentally sound companies that are underperforming their potential; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital and a need for capital to achieve the company s
growth strategy, that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review; 

will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders, potential upside from growth in the target business and an improved
capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks; and 

can benefit from being publicly traded, are prepared to be a publicly traded company and can utilize access to broader capital markets. 

4 

These criteria and guidelines are not intended to
be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem
relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above
criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents
or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

In addition to any potential business candidates
we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets
or divisions. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial
and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning
experience. 

Each of our directors and officers directly or indirectly
owns founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, such officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary
duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to such officer s and director s
fiduciary duties under Delaware law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may
be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of the Company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Any other special
purpose acquisition company may also have terms that are the same or different than our terms, including terms that are more favorable
to its investors and/or potential target businesses. 

Our Founders, officers and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

5 

Initial Business Combination 

So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq,
our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at
least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest
earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our
board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target
business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business,
there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is
at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other
specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any
opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless
such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not
anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy
statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination
so that the post-business combination company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests
or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business
combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives
of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even
if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to
the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of
new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target business, or issue a substantial
number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a
100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial
business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by
the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for
purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test
will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business
combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

6 

Other Considerations 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, Founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our Founders, officers or directors, we, or
a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or
an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not
required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

In addition, certain of our Founders, officers and
directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a
result, if any of our Founders, officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law,
he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity,
before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing
the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of the Company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Any other special purpose acquisition company
may also have terms that are the same or different than our terms, including terms that are more favorable to its investors and/or potential
target businesses. 

Certain of our directors and officers are affiliated
with other special purpose acquisition companies and our sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing
or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations,
prior to us completing our initial business combination. For example, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring two other blank
check companies, JAWS Mustang and JAWS Juggernaut, and such affiliates expect to sponsor additional blank check companies in the future.
JAWS Mustang is focusing on North American and/or European companies in any particular industry for a business combination. JAWS Juggernaut
is focusing on wireless communications and related technology/product/service businesses in any location for a business combination. However,
neither of these blank check companies is limited to a particular industry or geographic region in its search for its own business combination
and may seek opportunities with consumer technology and related technology businesses with either all or a substantial portion of its
activities in North America. Additionally, Mr. Sternlicht is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JAWS Mustang and JAWS Juggernaut,
Mr. Walters is the Chief Operating Officer of JAWS Mustang and Mr. Racich is the Chief Financial Officer of JAWS Juggernaut. Mr. Sternlicht
owes fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law to JAWS Mustang and JAWS Juggernaut, Mr. Walters owes fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law to JAWS Mustang and Mr. Racich owes fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law to JAWS Juggernaut. Any such companies may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However,
we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. 

In addition, our Founders, officers and directors
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
Also, Mr. Sternlicht, as Chairman, shall not have day-to-day control of our affairs. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive
business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional
initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners
of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock
(or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration
to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method
to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly
longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public
offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business
combination with us. 

7 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have
negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for
acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers
and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management
team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank
check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business
combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates
equaled or exceeded 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year or the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the
prior June 30. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business combination
in the amount of 91,039 as of December 31, 2022, after payment of offering costs, including the 11,068,750 in deferred underwriting
fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete
our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs
and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to
us. 

8 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our equity,
debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which
would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection
with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our shares of Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business
combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust
account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions
on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to
any arrangement or understanding with any third-party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the
incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Target business candidates are brought to our attention
from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants,
accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result
of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may
be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are
targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they
become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending
trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise
necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate
engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may
engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation
to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent
our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders
approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment
of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held
in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates
be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay our sponsor
a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services and to reimburse our sponsor
for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigation and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers
and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination.
The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. 

9 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, Founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our Founders, officers or directors, we, or
a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or
an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not
required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

As more fully discussed in the section of this Report
entitled Management - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination
opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take
priority over their duties to us. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our
Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial
and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning
experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business
combination transaction. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with,
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The Company will not pay any consulting fees to members
of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

10 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management
Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the
necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team,
if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our
management team will remain with the combined Company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure
you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined Company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined Company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek to
recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and bylaws. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or
we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation
of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law
for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the Company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the Company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the Company with a target 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder
approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number or voting power of our common stock then-outstanding
(other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and
the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding shares of common stock or voting power of
5 or more; or 

issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

11 

The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by law will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is
either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the Company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result
in other additional burdens on the Company; 

the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the Company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect
to Our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any
time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic
information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and
others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination
or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have
not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public
shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when
they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would
be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We
do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange
Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at
the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

The purpose of any such transaction could be to
(i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination,
(ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval
in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us
to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such
requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our shares of Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our
securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a
national securities exchange. 

12 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately
negotiated transactions by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders
(in the case of shares of Class A common stock) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial
business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction,
they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares
for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already
submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general
meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select
which stockholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem
relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the
other federal securities laws. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We
expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem
its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further,
we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public stockholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business
combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination and a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock
the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock. 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes
or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event
the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted
for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

13 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In
the case of a stockholder meeting, such election must be made, unless extended by us in our sole discretion, no later than two business
days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. The decision as to whether we
will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require
us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would
not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we
issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require
stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target business in a manner that requires stockholder
approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently
intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other
legal reasons. 

If we hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial
business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the
solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval of
our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with
the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock
of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote
at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares
purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of
the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 11,859,376, or 37.5 
(assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,976,563, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing
a quorum are voted), of the 31,625,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming
all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. We will give at least 10 days prior written
notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and
voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial
business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the
proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of a business combination. 

14 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same
financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of
the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established
in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted
to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have off offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete
such initial business combination. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial
Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe
this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use
their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to
purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability
to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing
condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 

However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender
Offer or Redemption Rights 

As described above, we intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian DWAC system, prior to
the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up
to two business days prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination is initially to be
held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking
redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the initially
scheduled vote in which the name and other identifying information of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder
would have up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials,
or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender
its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other
procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short
exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

15 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost
on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may
be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder
of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the
applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares
will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial
Business Combination 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have
agreed that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete our initial business combination.
If we have not completed our business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of
creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to
our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the 24-month time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
our initial public offering. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period. 

16 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or with respect to any other provision relating
to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. However, we may not
redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from the 279,211 held outside of the
trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If those funds are not sufficient to
cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in
the trust account not required to pay franchise and income taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request
the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and
without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon
our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims
of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution
must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are
sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust
account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute
such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third
party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose
particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree
to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Credit Suisse Securities
(USA) LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account.
In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order
to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims
by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective
target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to
below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our
taxes, including franchise and income taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek
access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not
independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our Company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

17 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no
indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors
to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption
price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other
than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will
also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of approximately 91,039 held outside of the trust
account with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently
estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve
for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by
creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such stockholder.
In the event that our non-reimbursed offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the
funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease
by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the non-reimbursed offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,000,000,
the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under
Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes
reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period
before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

18 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and
such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims
of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we have not completed our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, including
franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our
intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by
them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are
a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses
to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target
businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that
any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the
extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of
the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes, and will
not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our
public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors
and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for
these reasons. 

Our public stockholders are entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only
in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the
right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with respect to
any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we
have not consummated our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable
law. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

19 

Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with
Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination. 

The following table compares the redemptions and
other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and
if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering: 

Redemptions in 
Connection 
with Our Initial Business 
Combination 
 
 Other Permitted 
Purchases 
of Public Shares by Our 
Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if We Fail 
to 
Complete an Initial 
Business Combination 
 
 Calculation of redemption or purchase price 
 Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. 
 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 
 
 If we have not completed our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law. 

20 

Redemptions in 
Connection 
with Our Initial Business 
Combination 
 
 Other Permitted 
Purchases 
of Public Shares by Our 
Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if We Fail 
to 
Complete an Initial 
Business Combination 

Impact to remaining stockholders 
 The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and interest withdrawn in order to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes payable (to the extent not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the trust account). 
 
 If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. 
 
 The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial stockholders, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses
seeking strategic acquisitions. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased
compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience
with completing business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human
and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This
inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash
in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business
combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 1601
Washington Avenue, Suite 800, Miami Beach, FL 33139. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will
pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two executive officers. These
individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as
they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any
time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business
combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Also, Mr. Sternlicht, as Chairman, shall not have day-to-day control of our affairs and shall not be involved in our day-to-day operations. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units, shares of Class A
common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements
audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

21 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to stockholders.
These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances,
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate
will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will
be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements
cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are neither a large accelerated filer
nor an accelerated filer as of December 31, 2022, and we are not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with
the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under
the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

22 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References
herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates
equaled or exceeded 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year or the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the
prior June 30. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this
Report and the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of
the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our
public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to
approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will
seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business
combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

23 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you were
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only
opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination
with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory
authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations. 

Our sponsor, Hurricane
Sponsor LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company. The sponsor currently owns 7,856,250 shares of Class B common stock and 4,162,500
private placement warrants. The sponsor is controlled by Barry S. Sternlicht, who is a U.S. citizen. The sponsor is not controlled 
(as defined in 31 CFR 800.208) by a foreign person, such that the sponsor s involvement in any initial business combination would
be a covered transaction (as defined in 31 CFR 800.213). However, it is possible that non-U.S. persons could be involved
in our initial business combination, which may increase the risk that our initial business combination becomes subject to regulatory review,
including review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), and that restrictions, limitations
or conditions will be imposed by CFIUS. If our initial business combination with a U.S. business is subject to CFIUS review, the scope
of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive,
non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business.
FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings.
If our potential business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required
to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with an initial business combination without
notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing an initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay
our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination
or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit
the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be
beneficial to us and our stockholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination
may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have
similar foreign ownership issues. A failure to notify CFIUS of a transaction where such notification was required or otherwise warranted
based on the national security considerations presented by an investment target may expose the sponsor and/or the combined company to
legal penalties, costs, and/or other adverse reputational and financial effects, thus potentially diminishing the value of the combined
company. In addition, CFIUS is actively pursuing transactions that were not notified to it and may ask questions regarding, or impose
restrictions or mitigation on, an initial business combination post-closing. 

Moreover, the process of government review, whether
by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we cannot complete
an initial business combination by June 14, 2023 because the transaction is still under review or because our initial business combination
is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, stockholders of
record may only receive their pro rata portion of funds available in the Trust Account. This will also cause you to lose the investment
opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined
company. 

24 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, after approval of our board, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our initial stockholders own 20 of our outstanding
shares of common stock immediately following the completion of our initial public offering. Our initial stockholders and management team
also may from time to time purchase shares of Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business
combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder
shares. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 11,859,375, or 37.5 (assuming all issued
and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,976,563, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted),
of the 31,625,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to
have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, after
approval of our board, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination
and our quorum threshold will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business
combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their
shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for
us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination or such
greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related
business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and,
thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted
for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who
properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and after such redemptions,
the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. 

25 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful,
you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination
within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination and may limit the time we have to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach
our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for
our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable
to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described
above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that
we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

Recent increases in inflation and
interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Recent
increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly
traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in,
and other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that adversely affects the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the
ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable
to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination
and our ability to successfully consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of new variants of COVID-19 and the continued actions
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue
for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we
ultimately consummate a business combination, may be adversely affected in a material way. 

26 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a
result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us
or at all. 

Should the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic,
epidemic, or similar public health threat, and any associated supply chain disruption, labor market impact, recession, or depression continue
for a prolonged period, these risks could be exacerbated, causing further impact on our business, and search and consummation of our initial
business combination. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting
from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status
of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. 

U.S. and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022.
In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to
eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions
and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial
institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries,
including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the
ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting
measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union
and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies.
Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to
market disruptions, including significant volatility in energy and other commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as
supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global
economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine
and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for an initial business combination and any target business with which we
may ultimately consummate an initial business combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions
and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue
for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions
may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described elsewhere in this Report. If these disruptions or other matters
of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate an initial business combination, or the operations
of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, the recent invasion of Ukraine by
Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased cyber-attacks
against U.S. companies. 

27 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata
portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business
and complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and
the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to develop in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent
of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination,
including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms
acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. Financial
markets may also be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflicts (including the military conflict between Ukraine,
the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022, as described above under Our search for a business
combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected
by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related
individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. ),
terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events . If we have not completed
our initial business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

If we have not completed an initial business combination
within the 24-month period, we may seek an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the period of
time we have to complete an initial business combination beyond 24 months. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires
that such an amendment be approved by holders of 65 of our outstanding common stock. 

28 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants,
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock or
public warrants. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants or a combination thereof,
in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination,
although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
public shares or warrants in such transactions. See Item 1 Business Effecting Our Initial Business
Combination Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how
our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase
securities from in any private transaction. 

Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees
not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares
in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted
a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The price per share paid in any such transaction
may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our
initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to (1) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such
warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (2) satisfy
a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing
of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants
outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business
combination. 

It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply
to purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect
to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. 

29 

Any such purchases of our securities may
result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be
reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. Additionally, in the event our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares or
warrants from public stockholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the
Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following: 

our
registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares, rights or warrants from public stockholders outside the
redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; 

if
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, they
would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process; 

our
registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our
securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not be voted in favor of approving
the business combination transaction; 

our
sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities
or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and 

we
would disclose in a Current Report on Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the
following material items: 

the
amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of
their affiliates, along with the purchase price; 

the
purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; 

the
impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood
that the business combination transaction will be approved; 

the
identities of our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not
purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive
officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and 

the
number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

30 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to
redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer
rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules,
if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware
of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise
their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute
proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with
these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

See Item
1 Business Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Strategy
Combination Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection With a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from
the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your
public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders are entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only
in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the
right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with respect to
any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we
have not consummated our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable
law and as further described herein. In addition, if we have not completed an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing
stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be
forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering before they receive funds from our trust account. In no
other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your
investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However,
because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,001 upon the successful completion of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact,
we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors
will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that since our units were immediately
tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if
our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held
in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an
initial business combination. 

31 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of
our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination, in conjunction with a stockholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target businesses will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If
we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time frame, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we have not completed our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to
complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have
not completed our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less
in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

32 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for 24 months from
the closing of our initial public offering, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders
may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The funds available to us outside of the trust
account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, assuming that our
initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon the closing of our initial public offering, the
funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of
the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of
the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses
from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect
to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of
intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds
(whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence
with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be
less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for 24 months from
the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a
business combination, to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes, and to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 91,039
in cash held outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would
need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our
sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances.
Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial
business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and waive all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not completed
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, on our redemption of our public
shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share
on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk
factors below. 

33 

We may be subject to the 1 excise tax
included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business
combination and hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal
1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions and economically similar transactions) of stock by publicly traded U.S.
corporations on or after January 1, 2023. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are trading on Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation 
within the meaning of the IR Act. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased
(although it may reduce the amount of cash distributable in a current or subsequent redemption). The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased, determined at the time of the repurchase. Corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances by such corporation against the fair market value of stock repurchases (or deemed repurchases)
during the same taxable year to reduce or eliminate the amount of excise tax that would otherwise apply. In addition, certain exceptions
apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has authority to provide regulations and other
guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the excise tax. 

On December 27, 2022, the
Treasury published Notice 2023-2 as interim guidance until the publication of forthcoming proposed regulations
on the excise tax. Nevertheless, it remains uncertain whether, and/or to what extent, the excise tax could apply to redemptions of our stock, including any
redemptions in connection with a business combination, or in the event we do not consummate a business combination. 

Because
the application of the excise tax is not entirely clear, any share redemption or other share repurchase may be subject to the excise
tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax will depend on a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption
is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the excise tax, (ii) the fair market value of the redemptions treated as repurchases
in connection with a business combination, (iii) the structure of a business combination and whether any such transaction closes, (iv)
the nature and amount of any private investment in public equity PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a
business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year of a
business combination), (v) whether we consummate a business combination, and (vi) the content of regulations and other guidance issued
by the Treasury. Because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment
of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could reduce the cash available to complete a business combination to our stockholders
and inhibit our ability to complete a business combination. 

34 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a
target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues in relation to a particular
target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors
outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later
write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses.
Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize
in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate
impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our
securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result
of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any
stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not
protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. The underwriters of our initial public offering will not execute an agreement
with us waiving such claims to the monies in the trust account. 

35 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed
our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination,
we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years
following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per public
share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm
and the underwriters of our initial public offering) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with
which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not
apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in
the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 

While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that
our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular
instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account
available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

36 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification
claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors
to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except
to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood
of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and
our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer
insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of
directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination.
In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business
combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors
and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability
to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their
fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

37 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes
of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely
restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment
company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company. 

As described in the SEC s new SPAC Proposed
Rules (as defined below) (see The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain
of the procedures that we, a business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase
our costs and the time needed to complete a business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business
combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate
at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. ), the SPAC Proposed Rules relate, among other matters, to the circumstances
in which special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as the Company could potentially be subject to the Investment
Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Proposed Rules would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition
of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria,
including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC
Proposed Rules would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company
for a Business Combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for the Initial Public Offering
(the IPO Registration Statement ). The Company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later
than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements.
We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act,
we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able
to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business
combination and instead liquidate the company. Were we to liquidate, our stockholders would lose the investment opportunity associated
with an investment in the combined company, including any potential price appreciation of our Class A common stock. As described below,
we may implement measures to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company
Act (see To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company
Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account
in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our
liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest on the
funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive in connection with any redemption
or liquidation of the Company ). 

38 

To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment
company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account
and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation
of an initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we
would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders
would receive in connection with any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

The funds in the Trust Account have, since our
Initial Public Offering, been held in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act.
However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section
3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee
with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account
and thereafter to maintain the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier
of the consummation of our initial Business Combination and liquidation of the company. Interest on such deposit account is currently
approximately 2.5 3.0 per annum, but such deposit account carries a variable rate and the company cannot assure you that such
rate will not decrease or increase significantly. Following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest on the funds held
in the Trust Account. 

However, interest previously earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to 

pay our taxes or certain of our dissolution expenses. As a result,
the decision to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash an interest-bearing
demand deposit account is likely to reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders could receive in connection with any redemption or
liquidation of the company. 

In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. For more information, see If
we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities
so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead
liquidate the Company. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations
or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we
may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the company. 

39 

The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose
acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection
with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances
under which we could complete a Business Combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the
funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued certain proposed
rules (the SPAC Proposed Rules relating, among other items, to disclosures in business combination transactions between
SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving
shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential
liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to
regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment
company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The
SPAC Proposed Rules have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional
regulatory requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake
in connection with the SPAC Proposed Rules, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Proposed Rules, may increase the
costs of negotiating and completing a Business Combination and the time required to consummate a transaction, and may constrain the circumstances
under which we could complete a Business Combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the
funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose To mitigate the risk that
we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the
investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit
account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
of investments in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce
the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive in connection with any redemption or liquidation of the company. ).
Were we to liquidate, our stockholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including
any potential price appreciation of our common stock. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree
of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements,
to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as
successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve
our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that
we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control
or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of our initial public offering in the event we
do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the procedures set forth in Section 280 of the
DGCL. 

40 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However,
because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with
respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders
upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed
to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after
the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until
after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes
of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may
not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus,
we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us
to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting
an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities
in any industry, sector or geographic area, except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted
to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because
we have not yet negotiated the acquisition of a target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate
the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial
condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot
assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete
due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately
prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target.
Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or
if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as
applicable) relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

41 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies
evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could
increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose
acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies
have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for
an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms.
Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions including
between the U.S. and China and between Russia and Ukraine, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations
or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability
to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination
on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or
sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside
of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers
an attractive acquisition opportunity for our Company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We
also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our securities
than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition
outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation
or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant
to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not
meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of
our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our
general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for
us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition,
if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain
stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial
business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in
certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not
need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. 

42 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash
flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues, cash flows, or earnings, we may
be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues,
cash flows or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source
that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our business combination with
an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting
firm that the price we are paying is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will
be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the
financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related
to our initial business combination. 

Financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have
potential conflicts of interest in rendering any additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example,
in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may engage any of the underwriters or one of
their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, identifying
potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing.
We may pay any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined
at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriters or their affiliates
and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date
that is 60 days from the date the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters 
compensation in connection with our initial public offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are
conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriters or their affiliates financial
interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing
any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial
business combination. 

43 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial public offering,
we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any
indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held
in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while
the debt is outstanding; 

our
inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate
purposes; 

limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution
of our strategy; and 

other
disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with up to 305,181,250 that we may use to complete our initial business
combination (after taking into account the 11,068,750 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated
expenses of our initial public offering). 

44 

We may effectuate our business combination with
a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to
effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex
accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results
and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industr ies
or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry.
Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversifica tion may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs
and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is
not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our business combination strategy,
we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists
about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on
the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

45 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a
target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new
management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure a business combination so that
the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of
a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet
such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to
the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of target business, or issue
a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would
acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately
prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In
addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger
share of the Company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not
be able to maintain control of the target business. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on a business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the
same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer
rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board, or International Financial Reporting Standards, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets
may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy
rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing our initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting beginning with this Annual Report. We are neither
a large accelerated filer nor an accelerated filer as of December 31, 2022 and are not required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company
makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because
a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control over financial reporting of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

46 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority
of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though
a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the
tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common
stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any
shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search
for an alternate business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors and the director
designees of our sponsor, to approve our initial business combination, which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a business
combination that our public stockholders would consider favorable. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors and
the director designees of our sponsor, to approve our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is unlikely that we will be able to
enter into an initial business combination unless our sponsor s members find the target and the business combination attractive.
This may make it more difficult for us to approve and enter into an initial business combination than other blank check companies and
could result in us not pursuing an acquisition target or other board or corporate action that our public stockholders would find favorable. 

In order to effectuate our initial business combination,
we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier
for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including
their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption
thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend
our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

47 

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold
than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our
initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified
circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 
of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from
our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to
vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively
beneficially own 20 of our common stock following the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which govern our pre-business
combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination
with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or with respect to any other provision relating
to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. These agreements are
contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to,
or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor,
officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue
a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

48 

Certain agreements related to our initial public offering
may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related to our initial public
offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without
stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, sponsor,
officers and directors; the registration and stockholder rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the private placement
warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement between us and our sponsor. These agreements
contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting
agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and other securities held
by our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable
parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate
our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior
to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to
its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the
consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in
a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.
For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier
than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business
combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular
transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we
may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment has made it especially difficult for companies to obtain
acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we
may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have
a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination. 

49 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the
trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust account will be
invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S.
government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent
years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal
Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we
are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any
interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000
of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received
by public stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our securities are currently listed on Nasdaq.
Although after giving effect to our initial public offering we expect to continue to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing
standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future
or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. Generally, we must maintain
a minimum stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

For instance, in order for our shares to be listed
upon the consummation of our business combination, at such time our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share,
our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 5.0 million, and we would be required to have at minimum of 300 round
lot stockholders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We may not be
able to meet those listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exc hange,
we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: 

a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity for our securities; 

a
determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock
to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our
securities; 

a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants
are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud,
and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these
powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were
no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which
we offer our securities. 

50 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the
ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial
public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares
exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at
a loss. 

We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not
be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except
on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We are not registering the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms
of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing
of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering
the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business
days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current
prospectus relating to those shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if,
for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement
or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC
issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with
the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number
of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount
of shares equal to 0.361 shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares
upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in
effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant,
or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares
underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon
exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired
their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock
included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants
to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units
sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and
officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the shares of common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our
public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying shares of common stock. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class
A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if
the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

51 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for
a security other than the shares of Class A common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this
time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not
the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the shares of
Class A common stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you
may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within
twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders
may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the
market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights
agreement, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A common stock into which founder
shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private
placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and holders of warrants that
may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public
market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights
may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business
may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the
market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private
placement warrants, holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock
to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at
the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 undesignated shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are
172,500,000 and 13,125,000 authorized but unissued Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance,
which amount does not take into account Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable
upon conversion of Class B common stock. Our Class B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock at the time of
our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. There are no shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Our Class B common stock is convertible into Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one
ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked
securities related to our initial business combination. Shares of Class B common stock are also convertible at the option of the holder
at any time. 

52 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock or upon conversion of the Class B common stock
at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among
other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle
the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business
combination or on any other proposal presented to stockholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination
or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate
a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoin g
provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may
significantly dilute the equity interest of investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the shares of
Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of
the shares of Class B common stock; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; 

may
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking
to obtain control of us; 

may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and 

may
not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened
and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the
purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement t o the
description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this Report, or defective provision, (ii) amending the
provisions relating to cash dividends on shares of common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii)
making any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing
market precedents for initial public offerings of special purpose acquisition companies underwritten by bulge bracket investment banks)
to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements; provided that this clause (iii) will not allow any
modification or amendment to the warrant agreement that would adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the public warrants,
including by increasing the exercise price of the warrants or shortening the exercise period, which shall require the vote or consent
as described below, (iv) removing any cap on the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon a cashless exercise, 
of the warrant agreement or amending the terms of the private placement warrants, to provide that the terms of the private placement
warrants will not change if transferred to persons other than permitted transferees or to conform the provisions of the private placement
warrants to the terms of the public warrants or (v) adding or changing any provisions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties
to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered
holders of the warrants in any material respect, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants approve of such amendment and, with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants, 50 of the number
of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of
at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things,
increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock
purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

53 

Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the
State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain
types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to
obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. 

If any action, the subject matter of which is within
the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants,
such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of
New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ),
and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing
price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon
exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described in Exhibit 4.2 of this Report for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day
period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other
conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set
forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you
(i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell
your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption
price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value
of your warrants. 

54 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the
outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals
or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant)
for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided
that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number
of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. The value received
upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a
later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including
because the number of shares of common stock received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment)
irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

None of the private placement warrants will be
redeemable by us as (except when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00) so long as they are held by our
sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 7,906,250 shares
of Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 4,162,500 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one
share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our
management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 750,000 private
placement warrants, at the price of 2.00 per warrant. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock in connection with our redemption
of our warrants. 

To the extent we issue shares of Class A common
stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business.
Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares
of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult
to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities
and recorded at fair value with changes in fair value each period included in earnings, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate
an initial business combination. 

We issued 7,906,250 warrants as part of the units
offered by our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued an aggregate of
4,162,500 private placement warrants to our sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment. We account for both the warrants underlying the units offered in our initial public offering and the private placement
warrants as a warrant liability. At each reporting period (1) the accounting treatment of the warrants will be re-evaluated for proper
accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of the public warrants and private placement warrants
will be remeasured and the change in the fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our income statement.
Changes in the inputs and assumptions for the valuation model we use to determine the fair value of such liability may have a material
impact on the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative liability. The share price of our common stock represents the primary underlying
variable that impacts the value of the derivative instruments. Additional factors that impact the value of the derivative instruments
include the volatility of our stock price, discount rates and stated interest rates. As a result, our consolidated financial statements
and results of operations fluctuate quarterly, based on various factors, such as the share price of our common stock, many of which are
outside of our control. In addition, we may change the underlying assumptions used in our valuation model, which could in result in significant
fluctuations in our results of operations. If our stock price is volatile, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on
our warrants or any other similar derivative instruments each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material.
The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, potential
targets may seek a special purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which
may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

55 

Because each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable
warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will
trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise,
round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different
from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have
established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business
combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each
contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless,
this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to complete an initial business combination. 

If (i) we issue additional common stock or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price of effective
issue price of less than 9.20 per common stock, (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by us
and, (i) in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our
sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance, and (ii) to the extent that such issuance is made to Oaktree or its
affiliates, without taking into account the transfer of founder shares or private placement warrants (including if such transfer is effectuated
as a surrender to us and subsequent reissuance by us) by our sponsor in connection with such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on
the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. This may make it
more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination with a target business. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting, related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments. If we are unable to develop
and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments. Additionally, our management
re-evaluated our application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to our accounting classification of public shares. Our management and our audit committee
concluded that it was appropriate to restate the Company s previously issued (i) audited balance sheet as of June 15, 2021, as initially
reported in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021; and (ii) unaudited interim financial statements
for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021, initially reported in the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021
and previously reported as revised in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021 filed
with the SEC on November 15, 2021 (the Original Q3 Form 10-Q and (iii) footnote 2 to the unaudited interim financial statements
and Item 4 of Part 1 included in the Company s Original Q3 Form 10-Q (collectively, the Affected Periods ), respectively,
to classify all public shares subject to possible redemption in temporary equity. 

56 

As a result, our management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments was not effective
for the Affected Periods. This material weakness resulted in a material misstatement of our warrant liabilities, change in fair value
of warrant liabilities, additional paid-in capital, accumulated deficit, change in the reclassification of public shares and related financial
disclosures for the Affected Periods. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary
for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weakness. These
remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended
effects. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able
to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and
adversely affect our business and operating results. 

A market for our securities may not develop, which would
adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The price of our securities may vary significantly
due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for
our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market
can be established and sustained. 

Risks Relating to our Management 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their
loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service
of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss
of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

57 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post- combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our business
combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions
following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While
we closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these
individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the
SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination
is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
Company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement, our sponsor,
upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our
board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and stockholder rights agreement, which is
described Exhibit 4.2 of this Report. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of
our stockholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our
initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited
due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

58 

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to
other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict
of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of
hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Also, Mr. Sternlicht,
as Chairman, shall not have day-to-day control of our affairs and shall not be involved in our day-to-day operations. If our executive
officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business
affairs, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 13 Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and certain
of them expect in the future to become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are,
and certain of them expect in the future to become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our officers and
directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which
they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties, including the special purpose acquisition companies noted below and any other special
purpose acquisition companies they may become involved with. 

Certain of our directors and officers are affiliated
with other special purpose acquisition companies and our sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing
or otherwise becoming involved with any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations,
prior to us completing our initial business combination. For example, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring two other blank
check companies, JAWS Mustang and JAWS Juggernaut, and such affiliates expect to sponsor additional blank check companies in the future.
Any such companies may pursue similar targets and compete with us for business combination opportunities. JAWS Mustang is focusing on
North American and/or European companies in any particular industry for a business combination. JAWS Juggernaut is focusing on wireless
communications and related technology/product/service businesses in any location for a business combination. However, neither of these
blank check companies is limited to a particular industry or geographic region in its search for its own business combination and may
seek opportunities with consumer technology and related technology businesses with either all or a substantial portion of its activities
in North America. Additionally, Mr. Sternlicht is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JAWS Mustang and JAWS Juggernaut, Mr. Walters
is the Chief Operating Officer of JAWS Mustang and Mr. Racich is the Chief Financial Officer of JAWS Juggernaut. Mr. Sternlicht owes fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law to JAWS Mustang and JAWS Juggernaut, Mr. Walters owes fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law to JAWS
Mustang and Mr. Racich owes fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law to JAWS Juggernaut. Any such companies may present additional conflicts
of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. Accordingly, our
officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal
obligation. Any other special purpose acquisition company may also have terms that are the same or different than our terms, including
terms that are more favorable to its investors and/or potential target businesses. 

59 

Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so.
We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types
conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing
a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target
business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination
are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders
which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
directors or initial stockholders. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such
affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Item 1 Business Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to our
Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with
our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial stockholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result,
the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their
entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they have acquired during
or may acquire after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On January 19, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000,
or 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 7,187,500 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001.
On June 10, 2021, we effected a share capitalization with respect to our Class B common stock of 718,750 shares thereof, resulting in
our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 7,906,250 founder shares. Each of our independent directors currently owns 25,000 of
the shares of Class B common stock noted above, which were transferred from our sponsor to them in March 2021 and June 2022. Prior to
the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price
of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the Company by the number of founder shares issued. 1,031,250
founder shares were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor (or its permitted transferees) because of the underwriters full exercise
of the over-allotment option, so our initial stockholders maintain ownership of 20 of our common stock after our initial public offering.
The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 4,162,500 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment, at a price of 2.00 per warrant 8,325,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the
closing of our initial public offering. If we do not consummate an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public
offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month
anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

. 

60 

Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Upon the closing of our initial public offering,
our initial stockholders own shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert
a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase
any of our securities in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would
be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock.
In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is divided into three classes, each of which
will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual
meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors
will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of
our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and prior to
the completion of our initial business combination, only our initial stockholders will be able to appoint or remove directors. In addition,
as long as our sponsor is controlled by our founders, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business
combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until
the completion of our business combination. 

The value of the founder shares following completion of
our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price
of our shares of Class A common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Upon the closing of our initial public offering,
our sponsor has invested in us an aggregate of approximately 8,350,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares
and the approximate 8,325,000 purchase price for the private placement warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation
of our initial business combination, the 7,906,250 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 79,062,500. Even if the trading
price of our shares of Class A common stock was as low as 1.09 per share, and the private placement warrants were worthless, the value
of the founder shares would be approximately equal to the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our sponsor is likely
to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public shares have lost significant
value. Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in our sponsor, may have an economic incentive that differs from that of
the public stockholders to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate and to return all of the cash
in the trust to the public stockholders, even if that business combination were with a riskier or less established target business. For
the foregoing reasons, you should consider our management team s financial incentive to complete an initial business combination
when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with the initial business combination. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we pursue a target business with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target company with operations or
opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting
due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

61 

If we effect our initial business combination with
such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting,
including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations
may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax
laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including the
military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

62 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such
combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

General Risk Factors 

We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have
no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We were formed in January 2021 and have no operating
results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective
of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our business combination.
If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management team is not indicative
of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by is presented
for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance of our management team is not a guarantee either: (i) tour ability
to successfully identify and excuse a transaction; or (ii) success respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should
not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team as being indicative of the future performance of an investment
in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including
information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated
and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or
the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As
an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such
occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to,
cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject
to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain
SEC and other legal requirements. It is possible that we will become subject to different or heightened rules or requirements promulgated
by the SEC, and we may become subject to heightened or increased scrutiny by the SEC. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws
and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also
change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations.
In particular, it is possible that we may become subject to different or heightened rules or requirements, or face increased regulatory
scrutiny, by the SEC. We may not have launched our Company had we been subject to these changes in laws, regulations or increased regulatory
scrutiny at the time of our initial public offering. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations . 

63 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less
attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our securities may be less attractive to investors and stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem
important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier,
including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before
that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates
equaled or exceeded 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year or the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the
prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements
with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series
of preferred stock, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve
payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

64 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be
initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with
our Company or our Company s directors, officers or other employees. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf
of our Company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our Company
to our Company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against
our Company or any director, or officer or employee of our Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director, or officer or employee of our
Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as to which the Court
of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable
party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (b) which
is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (c) for which the Court of Chancery does
not have subject matter jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any liability or duty created by (1) the Exchange Act, (2) the Securities Act or (3) any other claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions
is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of any stockholder,
such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the
State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action 
and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s counsel
in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company or its directors, officers or other
employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur
additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
1601 Washington Avenue, Suite 800, Miami Beach, FL 33139. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee
we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of
our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

65 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants
are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbol HCNEU , HCNE and HCNEW respectively. Our units commenced
public trading on June 11, 2021. Our shares of Class A common stock and warrants began separate trading on August 2, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

As of the date of this Annual Report, there was
one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our shares of Class A common stock, four holders of record of our shares of
Class B common stock and two holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

66 

Use of Proceeds 

For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see Item 7 of this Report. 

Working Capital Loans Related Party 

On February 23, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note
(the Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Hurricane Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ). The Note does not bear
interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination (a Business Combination ).
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Note shall not be repaid, and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven.
Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Sponsor shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance
of the Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated June 15, 2021,
by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 2.00 per private placement warrant. The
Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Note
and all other sums payable with regard to the Note becoming immediately due and payable. At December 31, 2022, 500,000 was outstanding
under this arrangement. 

On December 19, 2022,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to
our sponsor. The Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination.
If the Company does not complete a business combination, the Convertible Promissory Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under
it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a business combination, the sponsor shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert
the principal balance of the Convertible Promissory Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain
Warrant Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of
 2.00 per private placement warrant. The Convertible Promissory Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which
automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Convertible Promissory Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Convertible
Promissory Note becoming immediately due and payable. The Convertible Promissory Note was issued pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. At December 31, 2022, 100,000 was outstanding under this arrangement. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had an aggregate of 600,000 and 0, respectively, in outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [ RESERVED ] 

67 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on January
19, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities that have not yet selected. While we may pursue
an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector, or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement
our management s background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business. We may pursue
a transaction in which our stockholders immediately, prior to completion of our initial Business Combination, would collectively own a
minority interest in the post-Business Combination company. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the
proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

68 

The issuance of additional shares in a Business
Combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors
in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the shares of Class B Common Stock resulted in the
issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B Common Stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of Class A
Common Stock if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our shares of Class A Common Stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of
our shares of Class A Common Stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry
forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of
control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units,
shares of Class A Common Stock and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our
warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur
significant debt, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues
after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness
even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest,
if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if
the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our shares of Class A Common
Stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal
and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our shares of Class A Common Stock if declared, expenses,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting
to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic,
industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for
expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity through December 31, 2022 was
in preparation for an initial public offering, and since our initial public offering, our activity has been limited to the search for
a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business
Combination at the earliest. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

69 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
income of 12,180,586, which consisted of a 9,890,341 gain in the change of fair value of the derivative warrant liability and 4,506,334
of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account which was offset by 1,344,992 in general and administrative expenses,
 200,000 of franchise tax expenses and 871,097 for the provision for income taxes. 

For the period from January 19, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had 9,627,965 in net income and 31,979 in interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account,
which was offset by 974,579 in formation and operating costs and 499,469 in offering expenses related to warrant issuance. We also had
a gain in change in fair value of liabilities related to public warrants and private placement warrants of 11,073,488. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

Until the consummation of our Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B Common Stock by our Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. 

On June 15, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public
Offering of 31,625,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 4,125,000
Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 316,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 4,162,500 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of 2.00 per warrant,
generating gross proceeds of 8,325,000. Following our Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 316,250,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 17,860,301 in transaction costs,
consisting of 6,325,000 of underwriting fees, 11,068,750 of deferred underwriting fees and 466,551 of other offering costs in connection
with the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in operating activities was 788,172. Net income of 12,180,586 was impacted by interest income on investments held in trust account
of 4,506,334 and change in fair value of warrants of 9,890,341. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,427,917 of cash
for operating activities. 

For the period January 19, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 1,279,237. Net income of 9,627,965 was impacted by investment income on
the Trust Account of 31,979, unrealized loss on marketable securities of 3,454, a decrease in the fair value of warrant liabilities
of 11,073,488 and offering costs related to the issuance of the warrants of 499,469. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used
 304,657 of cash for operating activities. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting
commissions), to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay taxes, if any. Our annual
tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the
interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our taxes. To the extent that our equity
or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the
trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 91,039 held
outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses,
perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, properties or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

70 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 91,039
in cash and a working capital deficit of 370,896. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of its acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with
Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ,
as of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its current obligations. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations management has determined that that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity
needs, obtain approval for an extension of the deadline or complete a Business Combination by June 15, 2023, then the Company will cease
all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by the specified period. If a Business Combination is not consummated by June 15, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. These financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial Business Combination,
other than funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team. However, if our estimates of
the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial Business Combination are less
than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business
Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business
Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us
funds as may be required. If we complete our initial Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the
trust account released to us. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up
to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 2.00 per warrant at
the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The terms of such loans, if any, have not
been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination,
we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial Business Combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held
in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the Business
Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. If we have not
consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us,
we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

On February 23, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of 500,000 to the Sponsor (the Note ). The Note does not bear interest and is repayable
in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has drawn 500,000. 

On December 19, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note (the Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to the sponsor. The Note does not
bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The note is expected to
provide the Company liquidity for the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has drawn 100,000 on the note. 

Until the consummation of a Business Combination,
the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments
from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are
not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion,
to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. 

71 

If the Company is unable to raise additional capital,
it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the
issuance date of the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial, and administrative support services provided to the Company. We began incurring
these fees on June 15, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination
and the Company s liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 0.35 per Unit, or 11,068,750 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in
the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights
agreement entered into on June 15, 2021, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants
and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
and stockholder rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. However, the registration and stockholder rights agreement provides
that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable
lockup period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the "JOBS Act") was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting
requirements for qualifying public companies. 

We will qualify as an emerging growth company 
and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private
(not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may
not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging
growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee compensation.
These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer
an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

72 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures
to cash flow, market or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants,
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to Accounting Standards
Codification ("ASC") 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

We issued 7,906,250 public warrants to investors
in our Initial Public Offering and issued 4,162,500 Private Placement Warrants. All of our outstanding warrants are recognized as derivative
liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the
instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised,
and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject
to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including
common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as
stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject
to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income per Share of Common Stock 

Net income per share is computed by dividing the
net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. We apply the two-class method in calculating
earnings per shares. Accretion associated with redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
value approximates fair value. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently issued,
but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

73 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 16 of this
Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present
fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

We previously identified a material weakness in
2021 related to our internal control over financial reporting around the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. We designed and implemented new controls to remediate the control. We have expanded and improved our processes to ensure
that the nuances of such transactions were effectively evaluated in the context of increasingly complex accounting standards. Based on
the actions taken, as well as the evaluation of the design of the new controls, we concluded that the controls were operating effectively
as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

74 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities
and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification
of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with
the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

75 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report, our directors and
officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Barry S. Sternlicht 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Matthew Walters 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Michael Racich 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Andy Appelbaum 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Benjamin Weprin 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Sanjan Dhody 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

Barry S. Sternlicht serves as the Chairman
of the board of directors of JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation and is a well-known entrepreneur and operator with an extensive deal-making
history. He founded Starwood Capital in 1991 and currently serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Starwood Capital is a private
alternative investment firm focused on global real estate, hotel management, oil and gas, and energy infrastructure with 115 billion
of assets under management as of January 31, 2022. Through the Starwood Capital platform, Mr. Sternlicht has created several multi-billion
dollar public market companies, ranging from traditional real estate to branded hospitality. He has also executed several marquee public
market transactions to enhance the scale of his core platform - including the creation and expansion of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE:
STWD), the consolidation of Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide (formerly NYSE: HOT), the spin-off and growth of Invitation Homes
(NYSE: INVH), and the formation of Equity Residential (NYSE: EQR). Similarly, he has been involved in numerous private market consumer
businesses as an early investor. 

Mr. Sternlicht currently serves as the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of STWD, a leading, diversified real estate finance company with 7 billion in market capitalization; and
one of the first mortgage REITs launched post-crisis. Since inception in 2009, Mr. Sternlicht has guided STWD through a steady evolution
with 83 billion in deployed capital, evolving from a pure-play commercial lender to a diversified commercial REIT with residential lending,
commercial mortgage servicing, property ownership, and infrastructure lending. Mr. Sternlicht also has deep operating expertise, serving
as the Chairman, from January 1995 through May 2005, and as the Chief Executive Officer, from January 1995 through September 2004, of
HOT; a period in which the share price appreciated at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 16 . Over his tenure as Chief Executive
Officer, Mr. Sternlicht grew the total market capitalization of HOT to approximately 10 billion. As Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sternlicht
executed several key acquisitions, including Westin Hotels, Patriot American, and ITT Corp., and led the development of the W Hotel concept. 

Additionally, Mr. Sternlicht currently serves as
Chairman of two public SPACs, JAWS Mustang (NYSE: JWSM), which successfully conducted its initial public offering in February 2021, and
JAWS Juggernaut (Nasdaq: JUGG), which successfully conducted its initial public offering in June 2021. Mr. Sternlicht previously served
as Chairman of JAWS Acquisition, through its business combination with Cano Health, which closed on June 3, 2021. Mr. Sternlicht is currently
a member of the board of directors of Cano Health. Cano Health is a primary care-centric, technology-powered healthcare delivery and population
health platform. The combined company operates as Cano Health, and is listed on the NYSE under the new ticker symbol CANO .
Mr. Sternlicht also previously served as Chairman of JAWS Spitfire through its business combination with Velo3D, which closed on September
29, 2021. Upon closing of the business combination, Mr. Sternlicht resigned as the Chairman of the board of directors. Velo3D, Inc. is
a leader in additive manufacturing for high value metal parts. The combined company operates as Velo3D and is listed on the NYSE under
the ticker symbol VLD . Mr. Sternlicht also served as a director of Vesper Healthcare Acquisition Corp. which, on May 4,
2021, consummated a business combination with Hydrafacial and changed its name to The Beauty Health Company (Nasdaq: SKIN). Mr. Sternlicht
is also a member of the board of directors of INVH, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. (NYSE: EL), and A.S. Roma S.p.A. (MIB: ASR). 

76 

Outside of his public market experience, Mr. Sternlicht
has made a variety of investments in the consumer sector. Most notably, he has created a number of independent hotel brands, including
Baccarat Hotels, 1 Hotels and Treehouse Hotels, which are operated by SH Hotels Resorts, a hotel brand management company and an
affiliate of Starwood Capital. In addition to these investments, Mr. Sternlicht has invested in various consumer facing companies, including
ThirdLove, a women s clothing brand, Lyft, a ride share application, 2ndMD, which offers medical second opinions with virtual online
consultations, Bonobos, an e-commerce-driven apparel company, Palantir, which specializes in big data analytics, Parachute Home, a premium
home essentials brand, Little Spoon, a direct-to-consumer organic baby food, Away, a modern travel brand, and Wish, a mobile e-commerce
platform. ThirdLove, Parachute Home, Little Spoon, and Away are women-led companies. We believe Mr. Sternlicht s experience makes
him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Matthew Walters is the Chief Executive Officer
and a director of JAWS Hurricane. He is also a Managing Director at JAWS and the Chief Operating Officer of JAWS Mustang. He directs the
private investment strategy with a particular emphasis on the consumer and technology sectors for JAWS. JAWS representative investments
include Artsy, Away Luggage, Color Genomics, Delos Living, Didi, Domino s China, Flaschenpost, Flipkart, Hyperloop, Illumio, Pre-IPO
Lyft, Oscar Health, Oyo Rooms, Parachute Home, Qualia, Sarcos Robotics, Sweetgreen, Third Love and Wish. Mr. Walters also previously served
as Chief Executive Officer and director of JAWS Spitfire through its business combination with Velo3D. Mr. Walters is currently a member
of the board of directors of Velo3D. Prior to joining JAWS, Mr. Walters spent his entire career at L Catterton, the largest, most global
consumer-focused private equity firm, where he worked on sourcing and investment strategy for both the buyout and growth oriented funds.
Mr. Walters sits on the board of Sempre Life and is a board observer at Bluestone Lane and Parachute Home. Mr. Walters received a B.A.
from the University of Virginia and an M.S. in Finance from Fairfield University. We believe Mr. Walters significant investment
experience makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Michael Racich is the Chief Financial Officer
of JAWS Hurricane. Mr. Racich is also the Chief Financial Officer of JAWS Mustang and JAWS Juggernaut. Mr. Racich also previously served
as the Chief Financial Officer of JAWS Acquisition Corp. through its business combination with Cano Health in June 2021 and JAWS Spitfire
through its business combination with Velo3D in September 2021. Since 2010, Mr. Racich has also served as the Chief Financial officer
of JAWS. Previously, Mr. Racich was a director at Frydland Stevens LLC from 2007 to 2014 and also worked for JAWS from 2005 to 2007. While
at Frydland Stevens LLC, Mr. Racich advised JAWS on tax related issues and was responsible for preparing JAWS tax filings. Mr.
Racich graduated from Villanova University in 1994 with a Bachelor of Science in Accountancy. 

Andy Appelbaum has served as a member of
the board of directors of JAWS Hurricane since June 10, 2021. Mr. Appelbaum also previously served as a director of JAWS Spitfire through
its business combination with Velo3D in September 2021. He is also the Managing Partner of RiverPark Ventures, a venture capital firm
focusing on high growth, early stage businesses. RiverPark Ventures is part of the RiverPark family of funds, a multi-strategy portfolio
management firm. Mr. Appelbaum is a career entrepreneur with a focus on creating marketplaces and disrupting inefficient supply chains.
The companies he has co-founded have spanned a broad diversity of industries, including technology, energy, food services, e-commerce,
media and real estate. Mr. Appelbaum is the co-founder of Seamless (formerly Seamless Web), Cleaner Options, mdenergy, Blue Ribbon Partners
and domino Media Group. Prior to founding RiverPark Ventures, he was an active angel investor. Mr. Appelbaum received a BA in Philosophy
and Political Science, summa cum laude from SUNY Binghamton in 1988 and a JD from New York University School of Law in 1991. From 1991
through 1992, he was an associate with the New York office of Latham Watkins, specializing in corporation transactions and restructuring.
Mr. Appelbaum serves on the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of the JCC of Manhattan and is a member of New York Angels. We
believe Mr. Appelbaum s significant investment experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Benjamin Weprin has served as a member of
the board of directors of JAWS Hurricane since June 10, 2021. Mr. Weprin also has previously served as a director of JAWS Acquisition
from May 2020 until the completion of its business combination with Cano Health on June 3, 2021. In October 2008, he founded AJ Capital
Partners, a private real estate company based in Chicago, Illinois, and has served as the Chief Executive Officer since its creation.
AJ Capital Partners acquires, develops and operates hospitality assets and businesses with a focus on luxury lodging investments. Mr.
Weprin also founded Adventurous Journeys LP in 2008 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since its creation. He is also the founder
of Graduate Hotels and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since its creation in 2014. Mr. Weprin received an M.B.A. from Northwestern
University Kellogg School of Management and a B.A. in Business Administration from University of Tennessee-Knoxville. We believe Mr. Weprin s
significant investment experience makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

77 

Sanjan Dhody has served as a member of the
board of directors of JAWS Hurricane since June 6, 2022. From 2016 to 2021, Sanjan Dhody worked as a Managing Director for Alex. Brown.
Prior to Alex. Brown, he served as Managing Director at Deutsche Bank since 2005. Mr. Dhody advises some of the wealthiest families in
the United States, Europe, and Latin America. He was ranked by Barron s as the number 1 advisor in Florida in 2013 and one of the
top 10 advisors in the United States in 2014. Before Deutsche Bank, Mr. Dhody was at Lehman Brothers in fixed income financial engineering,
where he worked on complex structured transactions and collaborated with the firm s counterparties on sophisticated investments.
He then joined Lehman Brothers Private Client Group where he built a significant institutional and ultra-high net worth family office
advisory practice complemented by a focus on equity, fixed income, and structured solutions. He started his career at Citicorp Global
Emerging Markets Group in London. Mr. Dhody received his M.B.A. from Richmond College, London -UK and a B.B.A. (Hons) from St. Xavier s
College, Calcutta University India. He has also served on the New York Committee of Human Rights Watch. We believe Mr. Dhody s significant
investment experience makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to
hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the
first class of directors, consisting of Andy Appelbaum and Benjamin Weprin, expires at our first annual general meeting. The term of office
of the second class of directors, consisting of Matthew Walters and Sanjan Dhody, expires at our second annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Barry S. Sternlicht, expires at our third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights
agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals
for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and stockholder rights
agreement. Approval of our initial business combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board directors, which
must include a majority of our independent directors. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive
officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the
board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Andy Appelbaum, Benjamin Weprin and Sanjan Dhody
are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in
rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company
be comprised solely of independent directors. 

78 

Audit Committee 

We established an audit committee of the board
of directors. Andy Appelbaum, Benjamin Weprin, Sanjan Dhody and Matthew Walters serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of
directors has determined that Mr. Appelbaum, Mr. Weprin and Mr. Dhody are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Mr. Appelbaum serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Mr. Walters does not meet the independent director standard under
Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three
members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Appelbaum qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as
defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We adopted an audit committee charter, which details
the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting
firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered
public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit
partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with
applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services
to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public
accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of
the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered
public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment
of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our
financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms
of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance
or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing
stockholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will
be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

79 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee
though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of
directors. The board of directors believes that its independent director can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting
or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration
and recommendation of director nominees are Mr. Appelbaum and Mr. Dhody. In accordance with Rule 5605 of Nasdaq rules, such directors
are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate
a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation Committee 

We established a compensation committee of our
board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Andy Appelbaum, Benjamin Weprin and Sanjan Dhody, and Mr. Appelbaum
serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required
to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Appelbaum,
Mr. Weprin and Mr. Dhody is independent. 

We adopted a compensation committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals
and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on
such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other
Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and
other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included
in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

80 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors,
officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Our board of directors will adopt corporate governance
guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors
and its committees operate. These guidelines will cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications,
director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings
of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director
communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management
and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines will be posted on our website. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other
entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties,
contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individuals 

Entity 

Entity s
 Business 

Affiliation 
 
 Barry S. Sternlicht 
 
 Starwood Capital Group Holdings, L.P. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Starwood Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Investment 
 
 Chairman 

Starwood Property Trust, Inc. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Investment 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

The Est e Lauder Companies 
 
 Cosmetics 
 
 Director 

SH Group 
 
 Hotel Management 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

81 

Individuals 

Entity 

Entity s
 Business 

Affiliation 

JAWS Estates Capital LLC 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

A.S. Roma 
 
 Football Club 
 
 Director 

Amaala Company 
 
 Luxury Real Estate Development 
 
 Member of the Advisory Board 

Cano Health 
 
 Health 
 
 Director 

JAWS Mustang Acquisition Corporation 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chairman 

JAWS Juggernaut Acquisition Corporation 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chairman 

Matthew Walters 
 
 JAWS Estates Capital LLC 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Managing Director 

Sempre Life 
 
 Home Goods 
 
 Director 

Bluestone Lane 
 
 Caf and Coffee Shops 
 
 Board Observer 

Parachute Home 
 
 Home Goods 
 
 Board Observer 

Velo3D, Inc. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Director 

JAWS Mustang Acquisition Corporation 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Michael Racich 
 
 JAWS Estates Capital LLC 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

JAWS Juggernaut Acquisition Corporation 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Andy Appelbaum 
 
 RiverPark Venture 
 
 Finance 
 
 Managing Partner 

Benjamin Weprin 
 
 AJ Capital Partners 
 
 Luxury Real Estate Development 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

AJ Capital Management LLC 
 
 Registered Investment Advisor 
 
 Founder 

Graduate Hotels 
 
 Hospitality Industry 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Adventurous Journeys LP 
 
 Real Estate Development 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Sanjan Dhody 
 
 Blue Investment Group 
 
 Investment 
 
 Managing Partner 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number
of hours per week to our affairs. Also, Mr. Sternlicht, as Chairman, shall not have day-to-day control of our affairs and shall not be
involved in our day-to-day operations. 

82 

Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date
of the prospectus associated with our initial public offering and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
and a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A common stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder
shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
(although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). If we do not complete our initial business combination
within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used
to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our
initial business combination; or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the
date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in
all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain
limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable
or salable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since
our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following our initial public offering,
our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our Founders, sponsor,
officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we
are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition
target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

83 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of
business; and 

it would not be fair to our Company and its stockholders for
the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations,
our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria
to multiple entities. 

Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has
current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however,
that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for
us to pursue. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, Founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our Founders, officers or directors, we,
or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are
not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

We have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement
regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. In the event that we submit our initial business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares
of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. Our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our
officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business
combination. 

Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any
of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing
on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we will also reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned
conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists
or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not
be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated
their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful
payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as
directors. 

We will enter into agreements with our directors
and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability
arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We expect to purchase a policy
of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement
or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

84 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their
ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have
the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance
and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers or directors have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on June 11, 2021, we began to pay and have continued to pay an
affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month.
In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that are made to our sponsor, executive officers
or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust
account. Other than quarterly audit committee reviews of such reimbursements, we do not have any additional controls in place governing
our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their
activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and
reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the Company to our sponsor,
executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to our board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it
is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may remain directors or negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive
officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

85 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of the date of this Report based on information obtained from the persons named
below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially
owns our shares of common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based
on 31,625,000 shares of Class A common stock (which includes shares of Class A common stock that are underlying the units) and 7,906,250
shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The table below does not include the shares of Class A common stock
underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Class B common stock 
 Class A common stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 
 Hurricane Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) 
 7,831,250 (2) 
 99.1 
 11,581,250 
 36.6 
 
 Barry S. Sternlicht 
 7,831,250 (2)(3) 
 99.1 
 - 
 - 
 
 Matthew Walters 
 - (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael Racich 
 - (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Andy Appelbaum 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Benjamin Weprin 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sanjan Dhody 
 25,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 
 7,906,250 
 100 
 - 
 - 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our stockholders is 1601 Washington Avenue, Suite 800, Miami Beach, FL 33139. 

(2) Represents 7,831,250 shares directly held by our sponsor. Our sponsor is controlled by Barry S. Sternlicht. 

(3) The reported securities are directly held by Hurricane Sponsor LLC. Barry S. Sternlicht is the sole member of Hurricane Sponsor LLC,
and, as such, may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities held directly by the Sponsor. Based on a Schedule 13G filed
on February 11, 2022. 

(4) Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his membership interest in our sponsor. 

86 

Our sponsor is deemed to be our promoter as
such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Founder Shares 

As of January 19, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000
to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 7,187,500 shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ).
On June 10, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization with respect to its Class B common stock of 718,750 shares thereof, resulting
in the Company s initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 7,906,250 Founder Shares. The shares and the associated amounts have
been retroactively restated to reflect the dividend. 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions,
not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earliest of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination
and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00
per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all
of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial
public offering, we completed the sale of Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor in a private placement, generating gross proceeds
of 8.3 million. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one (1) share of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50
per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering
held in the Trust Account. If our initial business combination is not completed, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Class A common stock (subject to the requirements of applicable law)
and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The Sponsor agreed, subject to limited exceptions,
not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Private Placement Warrants until thirty (30) days after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

Promissory Note - Related Party 

On January 19, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan
us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to our initial public offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Promissory
Note ). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was due upon the completion of our initial public offering. We borrowed
 174,494 under the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note balance was paid in full at closing of our initial public offering on June 16,
2021. 

Working Capital Loans Related Party 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a
Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 2.00 per warrant. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

On February 23, 2022,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Hurricane Sponsor LLC
(the Sponsor ). The Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial
business combination (a Business Combination ). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Note shall not
be repaid, and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Sponsor shall have the
option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as
defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company), at a price of 2.00 per private placement warrant. The Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which
automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Note becoming immediately
due and payable. At December 31, 2022, 500,000 was outstanding under this arrangement. 

87 

On December 19, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note (the Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to our sponsor. The Convertible Promissory
Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. If the Company
does not complete a business combination, the Convertible Promissory Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven.
Upon the consummation of a business combination, the sponsor shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance
of the Convertible Promissory Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement,
dated June 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 2.00 per private placement
warrant. The Convertible Promissory Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the
unpaid principal balance of the Convertible Promissory Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Convertible Promissory Note
becoming immediately due and payable. The Convertible Promissory Note was issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. At December 31, 2022, 100,000 was outstanding under this arrangement. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
an aggregate of 600,000 and 0, respectively, in outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We agreed to pay 10,000 a month for office space,
utilities, and secretarial and administrative support to the Sponsor. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed
on Nasdaq and will terminate upon the earlier of our initial business combination or our liquidation. We incurred approximately 66,667
for expenses in connection with such services for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, which is reflected
in the accompanying statement of operations. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board of directors
has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are
those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee.
At its meetings, the audit committee will be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction,
including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the Company has already committed to, the business purpose
of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the Company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee
who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related
party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions
of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit
or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our
independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods services rendered in connection
with our initial public offering and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 88,400 and 161,603, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures
and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

88 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum for audit-related services
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Withum for tax
planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Withum for
other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed in connection with
the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee
prior to the completion of the audit). 

89 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

90 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No. 

Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.(1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws.(1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate.(2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Share of Class A Common Stock Certificate.(2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate.(2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration and Stockholder Rights Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor, and certain other equityholders named therein.(1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor, and the Company s officers and directors.(1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note between the Company and the Sponsor.(2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 23, 2022, issued by JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation to Hurricane Sponsor LLC.(3) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 19, 2022, issued by JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation to Hurricane Sponsor LLC.(4) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in
 Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
with the SEC on June 16, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form
S-1, as amended, initially filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
with the SEC on December 19, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

91 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

March 30, 2023 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

/s/ Matthew Walters 

Name: 
 Matthew Walters 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Barry S. Sternlicht 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Barry S. Sternlicht 

/s/ Matthew Walters 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Matthew Walters 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Michael Racich 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Michael Racich 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ Andy Appelbaum 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Andy Appelbaum 

/s/ Benjamin Weprin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Benjamin Weprin 

/s/ Sanjan Dhody 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Sanjan Dhody 

92 

JAWS HURRICANE
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number 100 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 to F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of 

JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 19, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 19, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs, obtain approval for an extension of the deadline or complete a business
combination by June 15, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021. 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

JAWS HURRICANE
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses non current 
 -

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Working capital loans related party 
 
 -

Franchise tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, shares at redemption value of and 10.00 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Class A Common Stock; par value; shares authorized; - - shares issued and outstanding (excluding 31,625,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Class B Common Stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 For the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

Franchise tax 

Total operating expenses 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Unrealized loss on investments in Trust Account 
 -

Offering costs related to warrant issuance 
 -

Interest income from investments in Trust Account 

Total other
 income (expense), net 

INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 -

NET INCOME 

Weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 19, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance, January 19, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 
 -

-

Excess cash received over the fair value of the private warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion for Class A common stock to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 -

-

Increase in redemption value of
 Class A common stock to possible redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 19, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized loss on investments in trust account 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid expenses non current 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash deposited to Trust Account 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters discount 
 -

Proceeds from private placement 
 -

Payment of offering costs 
 -

Borrowings under promissory note 
 -

Borrowings under working capital loans related party 
 
 -

Repayment of promissory note 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 
 
 -

CASH, END OF THE YEAR 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for Class B common stock 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units with respect to the
Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock included in the Units being offered (the Public Shares at
 per Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of
 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Hurricane Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held
in the Trust Account as defined below) and of other costs. As described in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting fee
payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by June 15, 2023, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and was invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account, as described below. 

additional Units upon receiving notice
of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its overallotment option (the Overallotment Units ), generating additional
gross proceeds of and incurring additional offering costs of in underwriting fees of which is deferred
until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the
Company consummated the private placement of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds
of . 

F- 7 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding
the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

,
the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

F- 8 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

or more of the Class A Common Stock sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A Common Stock
in conjunction with any such amendment. 

months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), the Company
will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay the Company s
franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. 

per shares held
in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if
and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with
which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability
will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in
or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business
execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

in cash and a working capital deficit of . The working capital deficit was calculated by taking total current assets of 
less total net current liabilities of (current liabilities of offset by income tax payable of , franchise
tax payable of and income and franchise tax paid of .) Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, "Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, as of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its current obligations. 

F- 10 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 11 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity,
outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Class A shares offering costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

. Of this amount, 
was charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and was expensed due to allocating
certain offering costs to the warrant liability. 

F- 12 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of Common Stock at per share were issued on June 15, 2021. At December 31, 2022, no warrants
have been exercised. The potential shares of Common Stock for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s stock were
excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and
the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share
for the period. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common share

F- 13 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds
could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

F- 14 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units at a price of per Unit. Simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment
option whereby an additional Units at a price of per Unit under the same terms as those sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
for an aggregate purchase price of . Concurrently with the underwriter s exercise of the over-allotment,
the Company consummated a private sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of per Private
Placement Unit generating gross proceeds of . The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering and the underwriter s exercise of the over-allotment are held in the Trust Account. If the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, par value Class B Common Stock ),
for an aggregate price of . The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the
Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 8. Holders of Founder
Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock, subject
to adjustment, at any time. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value
per share to Sanjan Dhody as compensation for his service as a director of the Company. 

Founder Shares to the extent that the 45-day over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. Since the underwriters
exercised the over-allotment option in full, the Sponsor did not forfeit any Founder Shares. 

F- 15 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. The Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the
completion of the Initial Public Offering or (ii) the date on which the Company determined not to conduct the Initial Public Offering.
The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on June 15, 2021. 

of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

to Hurricane Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ). The
Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination (a Business
Combination ). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Note shall not be repaid, and all amounts owed under
it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Sponsor shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert
the principal balance of the Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement,
dated June 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of per private placement
warrant. The Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance
of the Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Note becoming immediately due and payable. At December 31, 2022, was
outstanding under this arrangement. 

to the Sponsor. The Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation
of the Company s initial business combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Note shall not be repaid
and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Sponsor shall have the option, but
not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants, at a price of
 per private placement warrant. The Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger
the unpaid principal balance of the Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Note becoming immediately due and payable. At December
31, 2022, was outstanding under this arrangement. 

and , respectively, in outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 16 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

for office space, secretarial and administrative services. For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and ,
respectively, have been incurred and paid under this arrangement and and 0 are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses
on the accompanying balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

-day
option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On June 15, 2021, the underwriters exercised their overallotment option and purchased units at a
purchase price of per unit. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and in conjunction
with the underwriters exercise of its overallotment option. 

F- 17 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be
determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no (excluding shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption which are recorded in temporary
equity) shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B Common
Stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B Common Stock,
of which none are subject to forfeiture after the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option. 

F- 18 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the sum
of (i) the total number of Common Stock issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number
of shares of Class A Common Stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or
rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding
any shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock issued,
deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its
affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the shares of Class B Common
Stock convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at a rate of less than one to one. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares.
No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of
(a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) one year from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public
Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 19 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 20 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share of Class A Common Stock (with such issue price or
effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation
of a Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its shares of Class A Common Stock
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its Business Combination
(such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price
and the Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds described above
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 
per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of Warrants when the price per
share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. 

F- 21 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Start-up costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

-

Deferred 

State 

Current 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income.
The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any
state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance
was . 

F- 22 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Transaction costs warrants 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 23 

JAWS HURRICANE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Liabilities: 

Warrant Liability - Public Warrants 
 2 

Warrant Liability - Private Warrants 
 2 

Liabilities: 

Warrant Liability - Public Warrants 
 1 

Warrant Liability - Private Warrants 
 2 

in cash and in U.S. Treasury Securities. 

in cash and in U.S. Treasury Securities. 

F-24 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_jawshurri.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following is a summary of the material terms of the securities of JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation we, us, 
 our or the Company ). We urge you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in its entirety
for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Certain
Terms 

Unless
otherwise stated in this exhibit, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

common
 stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

Founders 
 are to Barry S. Sternlicht and Matthew Walters; 

founder
 shares are to our shares of Class B common stock initially issued to our sponsor in
 a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the shares of Class A common
 stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock
 at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares
 of Class A common stock will not be public shares ); 

initial
 stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management 
 or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement
 simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and that may be issued upon
 conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public
 shares are to our shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our
 initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
 in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management
 team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares,
 provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as
 a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
 warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering
 (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market)
 and to any private placement warrants that are sold to third parties that are not initial
 purchasers or officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation
 of our initial business combination; 

sponsor 
 are to Hurricane Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and affiliate of JAWS
 Estates Capital LLC JAWS ), the public and private direct investing focused
 single family office of Barry S. Sternlicht; and 

we, 
 us, our, company, our company or
 JAWS Hurricane are to JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

Pursuant
to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which was adopted on June 10, 2021, we are authorized to issue 200,000,000
shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share,
and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. The following description summarizes certain terms
of our capital stock as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary,
it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one whole share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant.
Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as described herein. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number
of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional
warrants have been or will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you are separating
at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units
began separate trading on August 2, 2021. Once the shares of Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders have
the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact
our transfer agent to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. No fractional warrants have been or will be
issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you are separating at least four units, you
will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

Common
Stock 

There
are 39,531,250 shares of common stock outstanding, including: 

31,625,000
 shares of Class A common stock underlying the units issued as part of our initial public
 offering; and 

7,906,250
 shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor. 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a
vote of our stockholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws,
or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares
of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided
into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each
year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the
shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends
when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if
we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business
combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination. 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq
Capital Market Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later
than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required
to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election
is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus, we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which
requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

2 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated
to be approximately 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will
not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include
the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC proxy rules. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted
in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates
in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public
stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority
of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum
is obtained. We will give at least 10 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve
our business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more
likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together
with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering,
which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares
(including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will
reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their
investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold
that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder
shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a
result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 11,859,376, or 37.5 of the 31,625,000 public shares
sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of the business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against
the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

3 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we have not completed our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There
are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares 

The
founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and
holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that: (a) the founder shares are subject to
certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (b) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares, (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with
stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A common stock and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder
shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
(although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame), (c) the founder shares are shares of our Class B
common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination,
as described herein and (d) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our business combination to our public stockholders for
a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities,
are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in our initial public offering and related to the closing of the business combination,
the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed
issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion
of our initial public offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business
combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion
of working capital loans). Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number
of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

4 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property. 

With
respect to any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination,
except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with
each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors is able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a
change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we
do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares
of preferred stock are being issued or registered in our initial public offering. 

Warrants 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30
days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This
means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants have been or will be issued upon
separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able
to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at
5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
are not obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant, and we have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below
with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be
obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class A common stock issuable upon
such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the
registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with
respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and
expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective
for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely
for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

5 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the
warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our shares of Class A common stock are at the
time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise
their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration
statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th 
day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use commercially reasonable efforts
to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder
would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the lesser of (A)
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value
and (B) 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). The fair market value as used in this
paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may
redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00
 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or
 the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
 three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We
will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares
of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may
exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. 

6 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However,
the price of the shares of Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the
number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise
price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may
redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided
 that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption
 and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the
 redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock (as defined
 below) except as otherwise described below; 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per public
 share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the
 exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending
 three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if
 the closing price of the Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice
 of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments
 to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant), the private
 placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the
 outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

Beginning
on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon
such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value 
of our Class A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants
are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock
during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the
number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table
below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period
described above ends. 

Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, references above to shares of Class A common stock shall include a security other than shares of Class A common
stock into which the shares of Class A common stock have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company
in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of shares of Class
A common stock to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

7 

The
share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution
Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column
headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number
of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares
deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and
at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in
the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the
adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is
the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading 
Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the
decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock 

Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The
exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between
two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A common stock
to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for
the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as
applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57
months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants
for 0.277 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date
are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days
immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such
time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise
their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless
basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment).
Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless
basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of
Class A common stock. 

This
redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A common stock is trading
at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A common stock is below the exercise
price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without
the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price
per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption
pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed
volatility input as of June 10, 2021. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding
warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been
exercised or redeemed. 

8 

We
will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will
allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would
redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants
and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 

As
stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A common stock is trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise
price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders
with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants
when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant
holders receiving fewer shares of Class A common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants
for shares of Class A common stock if and when such shares of Class A common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price
of 11.50. 

No
fractional shares of Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the
holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock pursuant
to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be
exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A common stock, the
Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable
upon the exercise of the warrants. 

Redemption
procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder
will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with
such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other
amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such
exercise. 

Anti-dilution
Adjustments. If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class
A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock
dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased
in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering made to all or substantially all
holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the historical
fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the
product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity
securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock) and (ii) one minus
the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value.
For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock,
in determining the price payable for shares of Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for
such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value 
means the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the Class A common stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular
way, without the right to receive such rights. 

9 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the shares of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A
common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends
or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares
of Class A common stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed
 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in
an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only
with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d)
to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A common stock or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares
upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately
after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on
each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of our Class
A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case
of any such issuance to our sponsors or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders
or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average
trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete
our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00
and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class
A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals
or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

10 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or
that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or
into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in
any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to
another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the
terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable
and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of Class A common stock or other securities
or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following
any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately
prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash
or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which
each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders
in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to
and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights
held by stockholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or as a
result of the redemption of shares of Class A common stock by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to
the stockholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker
thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a
part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members
of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive
the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such
warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the
shares of Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment
(from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in
the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of Class A common stock in such a transaction
is payable in the form of shares of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities
exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such
event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such
transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined
in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the
warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants
otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional
value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which
the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

The
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the
purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description
of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends
on common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement, (iii) making any amendments that are necessary in the
good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents for initial public offerings
of special purpose acquisition companies underwritten by bulge bracket investment banks) to allow for the warrants to be classified as
equity in our financial statements; provided that this clause (iii) will not allow any modification or amendment to the warrant agreement
that would adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the public warrants, including by increasing the exercise price of
the warrants or shortening the exercise period, which shall require the vote or consent as described below, (iv) removing any cap on
the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon a cashless exercise, deleting the provision described above
under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 of the
warrant agreement or amending the terms of the private placement warrants, to provide that the terms of the private placement warrants
will not change if transferred to persons other than permitted transferees or to conform the provisions of the private placement warrants
to the terms of the public warrants or (v) adding or changing any provisions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the
warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders
of the warrants in any material respect, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant
agreement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

11 

The
warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each
holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional warrants have been or will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of
the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest
whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or
any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Except
as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as
part of the units in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of
our initial business combination (with certain exceptions) and they are not be redeemable by us (with certain exceptions) so long as
they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees,
has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders
other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios
and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our initial public offering. Any
amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding
private placement warrants. 

Except
as described above under Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per
share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on
a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of Class A common
stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y)
the Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing
price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant
exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so
long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated
with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market
will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific
periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in
our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise
their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the
cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing
the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may
be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 2.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

12 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to
a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our
ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed
to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of
its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering
that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of
the holders of 65 of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, will participate
in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If
 we have not completed our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
 of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
 to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
 to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
 redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
 the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law,
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
 of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
 in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and
 the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares
 of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust
 account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

In
 the event we enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
 with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting
 firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law
 or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for
 business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule
 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the
 SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the
 same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption
 rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

13 

Our
 initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together
 have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account
 (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and funds previously released
 to us to pay taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the
 agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If
 our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our shares
 of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
 business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
 business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or
 (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our shares of
 Class A common stock, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
 all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
 to us to pay our taxes, including franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then
 outstanding public shares; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company
 or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We
have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions
providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year
period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior
 to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction
 which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
 consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,
 the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time
 the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or 

at
 or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors
 and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock
 that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally,
a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial benefit
to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with
that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 20 or more of our voting stock. 

Under
certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to
effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in
acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided
if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult
to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

14 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our sponsor and its respective affiliates, any of their respective direct
or indirect transferees of at least 20 of our outstanding common stock and any group as to which such persons are party to, do not constitute
 interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors are classified into three classes of directors.
As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or
more annual meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive
Forum for Certain Lawsuits 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any
(1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed
by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any
such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against
us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above,
any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the
Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days
following such determination), (b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery,
or (c) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this
paragraph do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by (1) the Exchange Act, (2) the Securities Act or (3)
any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits
to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Furthermore, the
enforceability of choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 

Special
Meeting of Stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

15 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the
90 th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy
statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content
of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders
or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action
by Written Consent 

Subsequent
to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly
called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with
respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors will initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving
staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may
be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may
be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power
of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled
only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class
B Common Stock Consent Right 

For
so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any
provision our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal of
would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock.
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders
of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take
such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale 

Immediately
after our initial public offering, there were 39,531,250 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis.
Of these shares, the shares of Class A common stock sold in our initial public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further
registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares of Class A common stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning
of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding founder shares and all of the outstanding private placement warrants are
restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their
securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three
months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before
the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter
period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any
time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to
sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 
 of the total number of common stock then-outstanding, which equals 395,313 shares; or 

the
 average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks
 preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
public information about us. 

16 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
 of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed,
 as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer
 was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least
 one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information
 with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant
to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
and Stockholder Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement
signed in connection with our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration
and stockholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become
effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the
following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective shares of Class A common stock underlying
such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Except
as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares
until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their common
stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. 

In
addition, pursuant to the registration and stockholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business
combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any
securities covered by the registration and stockholder rights agreement. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols HCNEU, HCNE and HCNEW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on June 11, 2021. Our Class A common stock and warrants began separately trading on
August 2, 2021. 

17 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_jawshurri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Matthew Walters, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of JAWS Hurricane
Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the period presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Walters 

Name: 
 Matthew Walters 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_jawshurri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Michael Racich, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of JAWS
 Hurricane Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Racich 

Name: 
 Michael Racich 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_jawshurri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. 1350 
(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew Walters,
Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Walters 

Name: 
 Matthew Walters 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_jawshurri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. 1350 
(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of JAWS Hurricane Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Racich,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Racich 

Name: 
 Michael Racich 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hcne-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hcne-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hcne-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hcne-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hcne-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

