<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1807707_0001807707-23-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>42008516</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>488855</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>33821675</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3251137</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2341558</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1925793</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001807707-23-000030.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315161307
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001807707-23-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		200
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AppHarvest, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807707
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				845042965
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39288
		FILM NUMBER:		23735317

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 APPALACHIAN WAY
		CITY:			MOREHEAD
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40351
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(606) 653-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 APPALACHIAN WAY
		CITY:			MOREHEAD
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40351

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Novus Capital Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200325

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001807707-23-000030.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 apph-20221231.htm
 10-K

apph-20221231 

0kal 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from___________to____________0 
 Commission file number 

_____________________________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s shares of common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately million. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates for any other purpose. 
 
 As of March 10, 2023, there were shares of 0.0001 par value common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Part I 
 Page Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 42 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 43 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 87 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 87 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 88 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 89 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 90 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 90 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 90 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 90 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 90 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 
 Signatures 
 94 
 
 1 

RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making a decision to invest in our securities. These risks include, among others, the following: 
 
 There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and we will require significant additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our operations and future growth. 
 If we fail to meet all applicable requirements of Nasdaq and Nasdaq determines to delist our Common Stock, the delisting could adversely affect the market liquidity of our Common Stock and the market price of our Common Stock could decrease. 
 We are a smaller reporting company and have elected to comply with reduced public company reporting requirements, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We have a significant amount of long-lived assets, which are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. In addition, we may never realize the full value of our long-lived assets, causing us to record material impairment charges. 
 We have a history of losses and expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future. Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to effectively manage our future growth and liquidity. 
 We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity of our business and makes it difficult to evaluate our future business prospects. 
 We face risks inherent in the agriculture business, including the risks of diseases and pests. 
 We currently rely primarily on a single facility for the majority of our operations. 
 Any damage to or problems with our CEA facilities, or delays in land acquisition or construction, could severely impact our operations and financial condition. 
 Mastronardi is currently our exclusive marketing and distribution partner. We are highly dependent on this relationship, and impairment to or termination of this relationship could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We depend on employing a skilled local labor force, and failure to attract, develop, and retain qualified employees could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could be adversely affected by a change in consumer preferences, perception and spending habits in the food industry, and failure to develop and expand our product offerings or gain market acceptance of our products could have a negative effect on our business. 
 We may be unable to successfully execute on our growth strategy. Failure to adequately manage our planned growth strategy may harm our business or increase our risk of failure. 
 We have agreed not to compete with Mastronardi outside of Kentucky and West Virginia, which may limit our business opportunities. 
 We build CEA facilities which may be subject to unexpected costs and delays due to reliance on third parties for construction, material delivery, supply-chains and fluctuating material prices. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully in the highly competitive natural food market. 
 We have only recently completed our second harvest, which makes it difficult to forecast future results of operations. 
 Demand for our current and expected future products, which include tomatoes, salad greens, berries, and other produce, is subject to seasonal fluctuations and may adversely impact our results of operations in certain quarters. 
 Food safety and foodborne illness incidents or advertising or product mislabeling may materially adversely affect our business by exposing us to lawsuits, product recalls, regulatory enforcement actions, or changes in consumer demand increasing our operating costs and reducing demand for our product offerings. 
 As a public benefit corporation, our duty to balance a variety of interests may result in actions that do not maximize stockholder value. 
 If we are unable to apply technology effectively in driving value for our clients through our technology-based platforms, our results of operations, client relationships and growth could be adversely affected. 

2 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties . All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believes, expects, intends, estimates, projects, anticipates, will, plan, design, may, should, or similar language are intended to identify forward-looking statements . These statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about: 
 
 our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 our financial and business performance, including financial projections and business metrics and any underlying assumptions thereunder; 
 our ability to obtain funding for our future operations; 
 changes in our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects and plans; 
 our ability to successfully construct Controlled Environment Agriculture CEA facilities, which may be subject to unexpected costs and delays and obtaining necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms; 
 our business, expansion plans and opportunities, including CEA technology and future expected produce; 
 our future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; 
 the outcome of any known and unknown litigation and regulatory proceedings; 
 the implementation, market acceptance and success of our business model; 
 our ability to scale in a cost-effective manner; 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; 
 the impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on our business and the actions we may take in response thereto; 
 our ability to develop our new CEA facilities and expand our product lines; 
 our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection and not infringe on the rights of others; 
 our ability to maintain compliance with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq 
 our ability to maintain our status as a Certified B Corporation; 
 our ability to hire capable employees and/or independent contractors to fill positions that have previously been eliminated; and 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations. 
 
 You should refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame or at all. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report. 
 
 You should read this report and the documents that we reference in this report, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this Annual Report to the Company, AppHarvest, we, us, our and similar terms refer to AppHarvest, Inc. (f/k/a Novus Capital Corporation) and its consolidated subsidiaries (including Legacy AppHarvest (as defined below)). References to Novus refer to the predecessor company prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 3 

Industry and Market Data 
 
 We obtained the industry data and market data included in this Annual Report from independent third party surveys, market research, publicly available information, reports of governmental agencies and industry publications and surveys. All of management s estimates presented herein are based upon management s review of independent third-party surveys and industry publications prepared by a number of sources and other publicly available information. All of the market data used in this Annual Report involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We believe that the information from these industry publications and surveys included in this Annual Report is reliable. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 
 4 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 We were founded on January 19, 2018 as AppHarvest Operations, Inc. (f/k/a AppHarvest, Inc. Legacy AppHarvest a Delaware public benefit corporation. Together with our subsidiaries, we are a sustainable food company in Appalachia developing and operating some of the world s largest high-tech indoor farms with robotics and artificial intelligence to build a reliable, climate-resilient food system. Our farms are designed to grow produce using sunshine, rainwater and up to 90 less water than open-field growing, all while producing yields up to 30 times that of traditional agriculture and preventing pollution from agricultural runoff. We combine conventional agricultural techniques with cutting-edge technology, including artificial intelligence and robotics, to improve access to nutritious food, while farming more sustainably, building a domestic food supply, and increasing investment in Appalachia. 
 
 On January 29, 2021, Legacy AppHarvest, Novus Capital Corporation Novus ), and ORGA, Inc., wholly-owned subsidiary of Novus Merger Sub ), consummated the closing of the transactions contemplated by that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated September 2020 (the Business Combination Agreement ), following the approval at a special meeting of the stockholders of Novus held on January 29, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination of Legacy AppHarvest and Novus was effected through the merger of Legacy AppHarvest with and into Merger Sub, with Legacy AppHarvest surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Novus (the Business Combination ). On the closing date, Legacy AppHarvest changed its name to AppHarvest Operations, Inc. and Novus changed its name from Novus Capital Corporation to AppHarvest, Inc. 
 
 We are committed to the communities where we operate by providing compelling, long-term career opportunities to the local workforce as well as partnering with educational institutions, such as the University of Kentucky and local high schools and technical schools, to create programs that benefit students, researchers, and our own operations. At AppHarvest, the goal is to lay the foundation for Appalachia to become the AgTech capital of North America. 
 
 Our commitment to Appalachia is driven by the personal connection of AppHarvest s leadership, including Jonathan Webb, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, to the area. As a proud Kentucky native, Mr. Webb has developed deep relationships within the Appalachian community that include civic leaders, strategic vendors and suppliers, and local and state elected officials. Our deep connection to the local community has been instrumental in facilitating our growth and development. 
 
 We have a refined geographic strategy in place designed to impart immediate as well as long-term benefits. Central Appalachia presents multiple strategic advantages for us, including beneficial climate patterns that allow all, or substantially all, of our water requirements to be supplied naturally by rainfall, and geographic proximity to approximately 70 of all U.S. households within a one-day drive. 
 
 We are a mission-driven organization with an ethos rooted in sustainability and environmental, social, and governance ESG principles. Our leadership team and employees share a deeply-held belief that, as an organization, we are responsible to multiple stakeholders, including our workers, community, customers, environment, and stockholders. We are a public benefit corporation, which underscores the commitment to our mission and stakeholders. In addition, we elected to have our social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency assessed against the proprietary criteria established by an independent non-profit organization. As a result of this assessment, we were designated as a Certified B Corporation in December 2019. 
 
 Prior to October 2020, our operations were limited to the start-up concerns of organizing and staffing, business planning, raising capital, and acquiring and developing properties for CEA. In October 2020, we partially opened our first CEA facility in Morehead, Kentucky AppHarvest Morehead ). We harvested our first crop of beefsteak tomatoes and tomatoes on the vine in January 2021 and March 2021, respectively. In May 2021, we opened production of the full 60 acres at AppHarvest Morehead, and in November 2022 began harvesting snacking tomatoes. 
 
 Subsequent to the construction of AppHarvest Morehead, we started construction on four more CEA facilities. The facility located in Berea, Kentucky AppHarvest Berea became operational in October 2022, and the facility located in Somerset, Kentucky AppHarvest Somerset became operational in November 2022. AppHarvest Berea harvests salad greens and AppHarvest Somerset primarily grows strawberries but is also expected to seasonally grow cucumbers. In December 2022, we 
 5 

entered into an agreement to sell AppHarvest Berea to an affiliate of our distribution partner Mastronardi Produce Limited Mastronardi as further discussed below. The CEA facility in Richmond, Kentucky AppHarvest Richmond ), which is still under construction, was half planted in December 2022, and began commercial shipments in January 2023. 
 
 We commenced construction of a second Morehead, Kentucky facility AppHarvest Morehead North ), which is adjacent to AppHarvest Morehead, in June 2021, which is intended to grow salad greens. We have indefinitely paused the development of the 10-acre Morehead salad greens facility, with resumption of construction contingent upon financing. 
 
 Agriculture s Current Challenges and Our Opportunity 
 
 Today s agriculture challenges are wide-reaching and accelerating. The World Bank forecasts that global food production will need to increase by approximately 70 or more by 2050 to feed the growing global population. Inclusive of vine crops, the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA predicts that the total annual value of domestic fruit, vegetable, and nut production will exceed 66 billion by 2029, a 14 billion annual increase over the 2020 annual value. In 2020, vegetable production accounted for approximately 41 of total farm value (or approximately 21.5 billion), with fresh use vegetables comprising approximately 32 of the market (or approximately 6.9 billion). Tomatoes are the second most popular fresh market produce in the United States. Per capita consumption 1 of fresh tomatoes has grown to approximately 19 pounds per year in 2020, approximately 51 higher than it was nearly four decades ago. The USDA attributes this growth primarily to changing consumer preferences and a shift towards a healthier diet and overall lifestyle. 
 
 Domestically, the increasing demand for fresh fruits and vegetables has necessitated significant imports of produce into the United States. The majority of America s supply of fresh tomatoes and other vine crops, including cucumbers, bell peppers, and eggplants, are imported. In 2021, 68 of fresh tomatoes for sale in the United States were imported, up from 50 in 2011. 
 
 Meanwhile, 76 of bell peppers and 87 of cucumbers were imported in 2021, up from 51 and 66 , respectively, in 2011. Over approximately the last three decades, the United States reliance on imports has more than doubled. The country s single largest import partner is Mexico, which comprises 77 of U.S. fresh vegetable imports in 2020. 
 
 Percentage of Crops Imported: 

A continued reliance on imports puts the U.S. food supply at risk from both natural and politically destabilizing events. The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted this risk. During the pandemic, the supply chain has been disrupted and food imports have been, at times, delayed or even cancelled. 
 
 A reduced or delayed supply of produce can have a pronounced impact on grocers, which generally operate on thin financial margins and just-in-time inventory practices. A consistent and reliable supply chain is vital to the grocery retail industry, which attempts to match closely the perishable supply of produce to near-term customer demand. We believe that CEA, which provides more reliable, sustainable, and higher quality produce, produced in accordance with much higher food safety standards, is an optimal solution for the grocery industry s reliance on imports, and that there will be a strong preference among distributors and grocers to shift from imports to CEA as more supply becomes available from CEA. 
 
 Demand for sustainable farming and new CEA infrastructure has been amplified by the effects of climate change and other environmental factors. Historically, California and Mexico have produced a majority of the fresh produce sold to consumers in the United States. Unsustainable farming practices, structural changes in water resources, and an over-reliance on chemicals, 
 
 1 Consumption is a measure of per capita demand for a particular good. Availability refers to the supply that is available for human consumption on a per capita basis and is frequently used as a proxy measure for per capita consumption when supply, rather than demand, data are available. 
 6 

which can be harmful to people in a variety of ways, have degraded large swaths of arable land. Globally, approximately one-third of arable land is estimated to be at least partially degraded. This could increase to more than 90 of arable land unless there is a significant shift in farming practices and infrastructure. 
 
 In addition, shifting weather patterns believed to be the result of climate change are accelerating the threat to existing agricultural regions. Reduced rainfall and increasingly hot conditions in certain growing regions are increasing the demand for, and consumption of, irrigation water. Two-thirds of Mexico is arid or semi-arid, with annual rainfalls of less than 500 millimeters. California s Public Policy Institute estimates that 500,000 to 780,000 acres would need to lie fallow for the state s natural aquifers to re-balance. 
 
 Our facilities are well positioned to take advantage of Kentucky s relatively high precipitation levels by capturing rainfall in large on-site retention ponds to help meet our ongoing irrigation needs. 
 
 We believe that CEA is the global solution to address the rising demand for fresh fruits and vegetables, to offset the declining availability of high-quality farmland, and to mitigate the effect of climate change on agriculture. By using leading-edge technology, we expect, at full production capacity, to be able to grow up to 30 times more produce on a single indoor acre compared to a single, traditionally farmed outdoor acre. 
 
 This belief is based on third-party research and publications stating that produce grown in CEA facilities can yield anywhere from 20 to 50 times as much as traditional farming on the same amount of land. CEA allows for systematic measurements and tailoring of important variables on a per-crop level, such as nutrient levels, temperature, humidity, and irrigation. CEA generally benefits from potential year-round optimal farming conditions, whereas open field farming and traditional greenhouses have more limited growing seasons. 
 
 We also believe that we are positioned to become a global leader in the CEA industry. We are one of only a handful of publicly traded companies focused on CEA-enabled food production in the United States. Our CEA facilities in Appalachia are designed to maximize the sustainability and efficiency of our operations. For example, our ability to farm using captured rainwater not only decreases our impact on the environment, but helps to offset the high cost of water. Captured rainwater also allows us to avoid harmful agricultural runoff, a major source of U.S. waterways pollution. Our geographic proximity to the markets we serve reduces the fuel needed to transport our fruits and vegetables to customers, thereby reducing the environmental impact of distributing our products. Relative to growers in California and Mexico, we estimate we can distribute our products using up to 80 less fuel and with an extended shelf life and less spoilage due to a shorter time spent in transit. 
 
 Strengths 
 
 Industry Leading Position with an Early Mover Advantage 
 
 AppHarvest Morehead, combined with AppHarvest Richmond, AppHarvest Somerset, and AppHarvest Berea that we lease, position us among the largest CEA growers in the United States. Our current production acreage is growing beefsteak tomatoes, tomatoes on the vine, snacking tomatoes, salad greens and strawberries. We are also employing a go-to-market strategy through our partnership with Mastronardi Produce Limited, which we believe will enable us to build customer awareness and brand loyalty for future fruits, vegetables, and other value-added products. 
 
 Skilled Integrator of Proven Technologies 
 
 Our development and technology teams are highly skilled in applied agricultural technology. In many instances, the right technology to maximize crop yields sustainably already exists in the marketplace. The Netherlands, for example, has long relied on high-tech CEA facilities for domestic fruit and vegetable production and is the world s second-largest agricultural exporter despite a land mass roughly one-third the size of Kentucky. To this end, we are working directly with companies that have been successful in the Netherlands, as well as construction firms with experience building these types of structures. 
 
 Strategic Partnerships with Important Industry Participants 
 
 To aid us in accomplishing our objectives, we have pursued partnerships with select third parties to allow us to focus our capital and resources in areas that maximize value for our Company and our shareholders. 
 
 7 

Mastronardi 
 
 Mastronardi is our exclusive marketing and distribution partner for all fresh fruits and vegetables grown in Kentucky and West Virginia, including tomatoes, cucumbers, peppers, berries, and/or all salad greens that meet certain quality standards. Mastronardi is a leading marketer and distributor in North America of tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, berries, and salad greens. Mastronardi has an extensive and long-established retail network and is nationally recognized under the primary SUNSET brand and other brands, including Campari , Angel Sweet , Flavor Bombs , Sugar Bombs tomatoes, Queen of Greens washed-and-ready-to-eat salad packs and WOW berries. Through our partnership, we receive immediate access to a large and coveted customer base. Our produce is currently available for sale in the produce aisles of some grocers. 
 
 Pursuant to our agreement with Mastronardi (the Mastronardi Agreement ), Mastronardi is the sole and exclusive marketer and distributor of all tomatoes, cucumbers, peppers, berries and salad greens produced at our CEA facilities that meet certain quality standards (collectively, the Products ). Under the terms of the Mastronardi Agreement, we are responsible for growing, producing, packing and delivering all products to Mastronardi, and Mastronardi is responsible for marketing, branding, and distributing our products to its customers. 
 
 Mastronardi has agreed to sell our products at market prices consistent with the best and highest prices available throughout the applicable growing season for similar USDA Grade No. 1 products. Mastronardi will set the market price for the products and will pay AppHarvest the gross sale price of the products it sells, less a marketing fee and its costs incurred in the sale and distribution of the products. If Mastronardi rejects, returns, or otherwise refuses products for failure to meet certain quality standards, we have the right, at our cost and expense, to sell or otherwise dispose of the products, subject to certain conditions. We have developed options for generating revenue from any such products, including by selling them to secondary distribution outlets. 
 
 Under the Mastronardi Agreement, if we expand the growing acreage or operations of any of our existing facilities in Kentucky or West Virginia, Mastronardi has a right of first refusal to be the exclusive distributor of any produce arising as a result of such expansion for the greater of ten years from the date of first commercial production of the additional products or the remainder of the term of the Mastronardi Agreement. Any additional sale transactions with Mastronardi would be at market price, less the marketing fee and costs incurred in the sale and distribution of the relevant products. If Mastronardi declines to exercise its right of first refusal, we have the right to contract with unaffiliated third parties that are industry recognized bona fide marketers for distribution of such produce. We have agreed not to compete with Mastronardi outside of Kentucky and West Virginia, including by growing fresh produce in a new facility outside of Kentucky and West Virginia. The non-compete provision runs for ten years from the date of the first commercial harvest from AppHarvest Morehead, which occurred in January 2021, and also runs for ten years measured from the date of a first commercial harvest from any facility deemed to be a New Grower Facility by Mastronardi under the terms of the Mastronardi Agreement. In the event we or our affiliates operate a new facility in Kentucky or West Virginia, Mastronardi has the right to deem such New Grower Facility to be under an agreement with Mastronardi on the same material terms and conditions of the Mastronardi Agreement for a period of ten years. In December 2020, Mastronardi elected to deem our new facilities in Richmond and Berea as New Grower Facilities. We have also agreed not to solicit any employee of Mastronardi or its affiliates without Mastronardi s written consent during the term of each applicable Mastronardi purchase and marketing agreement, and for a period thereafter. 
 
 The initial term of the Mastronardi Agreement is ten years, beginning on the date of the commercial harvest of our first crop, which was in January 2021. After the initial term, the Mastronardi Agreement renews automatically for additional one-year terms unless terminated by either party by written notice not later than 240 calendar days prior to the end of the applicable term. Either AppHarvest or Mastronardi can terminate the Mastronardi Agreement if the other party is subject to certain bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or if the other party is in breach of the Mastronardi Agreement and the breach remains uncured for a specified period. Our obligation to deliver timely products to Mastronardi and to maintain exclusivity is not subject to cure. 
 
 On December 23, 2022, our wholly-owned subsidiary AppHarvest Berea Farm, LLC entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Mastronardi Berea LLC, (the Buyer ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell approximately 40 acres of land located in Berea, Kentucky and AppHarvest Berea located thereon to the Buyer and we agreed to leaseback the property from Buyer (the Sale-Leaseback Transaction ). The Buyer is a joint venture between Mastronardi and COFRA Holding. The Sale-Leaseback Transaction closed on December 27, 2022. 
 
 Concurrently with the closing of the Sale-Leaseback Transaction, we as tenant, and Buyer, as landlord, entered into a lease agreement (the Berea Lease for an initial term of 10 years, with four renewal options of five years each, subject to the conditions set forth in the Berea Lease. The total annual rent under the Berea Lease is initially 9.5 million per year, subject to 
 8 

the prepaid rent paid by us at the closing of the Sale-Leaseback Transaction, and shall increase annually starting after the second lease year in accordance with the terms of the Berea Lease. Subject to the terms of the Berea Lease, beginning in 2023, we (as tenant under the Lease) shall be entitled to a rent credit equal to 25 of the marketing fees received by Mastronardi prior to the third anniversary of the commencement of the Berea Lease, with respect to products grown or produced at AppHarvest Morehead, AppHarvest Richmond and AppHarvest Somerset pursuant to the Mastronardi Agreement, as reduced by costs incurred by Mastronardi in connection with the sale and distribution of such products. We are responsible for the payment of all operating expenses, taxes, insurance and maintenance and repair of AppHarvest Berea during the term of the Berea Lease. 
 
 Experienced and Passionate Team 
 
 We are a mission-driven company led by highly committed and passionate professionals. Our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Jonathan Webb, is a Kentucky native with more than a decade of experience focused on sustainable infrastructure. Prior to founding AppHarvest in 2018, Mr. Webb led a public-private partnership on behalf of the Department of Defense, developing what was then the largest solar project in the southeastern United States. At AppHarvest, Mr. Webb has used his experience in renewable infrastructure to create a CEA platform in North America. 
 
 In January 2023, we announced the appointment of Anthony Martin, who has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2022, to serve as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Martin has served as a member of the board of directors of the Fruit and Vegetable Dispute Resolution Corporation, a non-profit, member-based dispute resolution organization in the fresh produce industry, since May 2018. Previously Mr. Martin served as Chief Financial Officer of Windset Farms, a controlled environment agriculture producer, from December 2007 to October 2019. 
 
 We have attracted a highly experienced grow team to operate our high-tech indoor farms, and we have a construction management and development team with extensive experience in complex, large scale, multi-site, and global projects. 
 
 ESG Company 
 
 AppHarvest has an authentic and overarching commitment to sustainability, ESG, and social impact. Our Certified B Corporation certification recognizes our commitment to our stakeholders, including our employees, community, environment, customers, and stockholders. We believe we present a unique and a compelling opportunity for the growing number of investors who share our dedication to sustainability and a broader set of ESG principles. 
 
 We have also been certified by an independent non-profit organization as meeting rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency. Some examples of our achievements to date include: 
 
 building our farms in underserved areas in Central Appalachia, such as Rowan County, where despite reduced wage expectations in this area, we have provided career opportunities with entry-level wages that are higher than average hourly wages for comparable jobs in the state; 
 
 providing support for implementing AgTech educational programs with AgTech farm classrooms at 12 Appalachian high schools. 
 
 In addition we believe we also have an opportunity to impact how the regional power grid evolves. As we grow and need more power, we are committed to exploring how to catalyze new renewable energy sources in our market. We believe that when corporations insist upon completely renewable energy, market forces will drive suppliers to provide electrical energy with a reduced carbon footprint. 
 
 We aim not only to transform the Appalachia region in terms of social and economic impact, but also to build a platform to transform agriculture and bring new solutions for growing threats to the agriculture sector, including water shortages, land shortages, soil depletion, surface water pollution, pesticide use, food waste, and systemic risks from climate change. Our growing process aims to reduce environmental impacts and manage the environmental risks increasingly threatening our food systems. Specifically, our CEA facilities are designed to manage these risks and reduce environmental impacts by: 
 
 using up to 90 less water per pound harvested than conventional agriculture in a closed system that prevents pollution from excess fertilizers and chemical pesticides from entering the aquifer, local streams, and waterways; 
 
 making efficient use of land without depleting soil and its nutrients; 
 
 9 

using integrated pest management that requires skilled workers, crop maintenance activities, beneficial insects (predators) and hygiene protocols in accordance with our Chemical Pesticide Policy. 
 
 using a horizontal greenhouse structure to maximize passive solar energy. 
 
 implementing new lighting systems that use up to 40 less energy than traditional lighting systems through integration of LEDs. 
 
 exploring opportunities to link operations to renewable energy initiatives. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 We are a sustainable food company with global ambitions and a desire to become a trusted brand with broad brand awareness. We aim to leverage our ESG- and mission-driven ethos to grow and produce fruits, vegetables and value-added products that customers will actively seek out at their local grocery stores. 
 
 The key components to our strategy include: 
 
 Sustainable CEA facilities: By insulating our food production system from seasonal and weather constraints, our CEA facilities are expected to produce up to 30 times more fruits and vegetables compared to traditional open-field agriculture, while also using up to 90 less water per pound harvested. 
 
 Strategic location near major population centers: Given our location within one day s drive of nearly 70 of the U.S. population, we are positioned to use significantly less fuel to transport our products, compared to fruits and vegetables shipped from the southwestern United States, especially California, and Mexico. 
 
 AgTech ecosystem: We led the signing of a non-binding collaboration agreement by a 17-organization coalition of universities, governments, and leading AgTech companies in the U.S. and abroad, which increased to a 26-organization coalition in February 2022. The collaboration agreement is intended to identify opportunities to leverage each other s expertise and find opportunities to work together to support large-scale development in Central Appalachia. AppHarvest believes this coalition will partially reduce our research development costs and enable us to source and identify new advancements, technologies, and opportunities more quickly than we necessarily would on our own. 
 
 Technology: Sourcing, developing, and implementing applied technology will be a key differentiator for AppHarvest over the long term. We are working with leading technology companies in the agriculture industry. 
 
 Strong and available local labor force: We are committed to paying a living wage which is generally higher than the average wage for comparable work in Kentucky. As a result, we believe we can recruit and develop a competitive workforce. 
 
 Our CEA Facilities 
 
 We operate four controlled environment agriculture facilities which include the following suite of cutting-edge technology: 
 
 Hybrid lighting system: Our lighting system features a combination of natural sunlight, Signify GreenPower LEDs, and high-pressure sodium lighting. 
 
 Water independence: Our CEA facilities are designed to be water-independent using rainwater collected in on-site retention ponds. This closed-loop system enables us to use up to 90 less water per pound harvested compared to open field agriculture. 
 
 Advanced closed-loop irrigation system: Our closed-loop irrigation system incorporates nano-bubble technology to combat harmful algae blooms and cyanotoxins, as well as sand filters and high-density ultraviolet lighting (Ultraviolet lighting is designed to kill bacteria). 
 
 Climate and CEA operations software: Our climate and high-tech indoor farm operations software allows our growers to monitor carefully microclimates inside our CEA facility and to calculate the precise levels of light, water, 
 10 

and carbon dioxide each plant needs to thrive. This operations software also allows for precise dosing of nutrients as well as temperature and humidity control. 
 
 Integrated pest management: IPM is an environmentally sensitive approach to pest management, which relies in part on the use of beneficial insects to control parasites and to combat damaging pests. In addition, human scouts work to identify any pest or plant health issues early to help mitigate potential harm. 
 
 AppHarvest Morehead 
 
 AppHarvest Morehead, which partially opened in October 2020, is among the world s largest indoor farms at 60 acres (approximately 2.8 million square feet) and was our first operating CEA facility. The Morehead farm currently grows beefsteak tomatoes, tomatoes on the vine, and snacking tomatoes. 
 
 AppHarvest Berea 
 
 AppHarvest Berea, which became operational in October 2022, is 15-acres (approximately 654 thousand square feet) and features a cutting-edge touchless growing system that is automated from pre-seeding to packaging including autonomous harvesting and onsite washing to help improve both food safety and efficiency for the Queen of Greens washed-and-ready-to-eat salad brand. Pursuant to the terms of the Sale-Leaseback Transaction, as of December 2022, we lease AppHarvest Berea from Mastronardi Berea LLC, a joint venture between Mastronardi Produce Limited, and COFRA Holding. 
 
 AppHarvest Somerset 
 
 AppHarvest Somerset began operating in November 2022, and at 30-acres, is expected initially to primarily grow strawberries, alternating seasonally with cucumbers. AppHarvest Somerset features a blast chiller that rapidly lowers the temperature of harvested strawberries prior to packaging to extend shelf life. 
 
 AppHarvest Richmond 
 
 AppHarvest Richmond began operating in December 2022 and at 60-acres is similar in size to AppHarvest Morehead. Half of the farm was planted in December 2022, with the second half expected to be planted in 2023. The first harvest from Richmond began in January 2023. 
 
 Competition 
 
 With vine crops imports rapidly increasing, our competition includes large-scale operations in Mexico, Canada, and, to a lesser extent, the southwestern United States. With studies having found that a U.S. meal travels 1,500 miles on average to the consumer s plate, we believe we are unique in becoming a large-scale CEA operator growing produce closer to the end consumer. 
 
 Overall Competition 
 
 The U.S. CEA industry has grown steadily over the past decade as producers use its advantages to grow more using fewer resources, seeking to solve issues caused by limited land, energy, water and labor. The USDA attributes growth to CEA operators ability to realize greater market access both in the off-season and in northern retail produce markets, better product consistency and improved yields. 
 
 By 2017, the percentage of CEA-grown U.S. shipments of fresh tomatoes had grown to 5 of all shipments. Only four states (California, Minnesota, Nebraska and New York) produce more than 10 million pounds of CEA-grown tomatoes annually, according to the most recent USDA data. Kentucky s production was estimated by the USDA to be between 500,000 pounds to 1 million pounds annually. 
 
 High-Tech Vertical Farming Agricultural Startups 
 
 While most CEA production comes from traditional greenhouse companies, a number of high-tech vertical farms also exist in the market. These startups are often focused on development of small-scale farms reliant on 100 artificial lighting and municipal water either in or near major cities. These companies generally have smaller product offerings and tend to focus on salad greens products due to limitations of their technologies and economics. By contrast, we believe our facilities will have the 
 11 

ability to grow a variety of crops including salad greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, strawberries, peppers, eggplants, and more. We are also differentiated in prioritizing use of two of the earth s natural inputs: sunlight and rainwater. In fact, our CEA facilities are some of the only facilities of their type and size in North America to rely primarily on rainwater for production. Although we supplement the light our plants receive with a hybrid LED light array, leveraging natural sunlight supports produce quality and reduces required energy per plant compared to indoor warehouse farms. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations administered by various federal, state and local government agencies in the United States, such as FDA, the FTC, the EPA, the OSHA, and the USDA. These laws and regulations apply to the processing, packaging, distribution, sale, marketing, labeling, quality, safety, and transportation of our products, as well as our occupational safety and health practices. 
 
 Under various federal statutes and implementing regulations, these agencies, among other things, prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our products and the manufacturing, labeling, marketing, promotion, and advertising thereof. 
 
 Among other things, the facilities in which our products are grown, packed or processed may be required to register with the FDA (depending on specific growing, packing, and processing operations), comply with regulatory schemes including Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of Produce for Human Consumption, Current Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Human Food and FDA and USDA labeling and marketing requirements, as amended by the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 FSMA ), the Organic Food Production Act, among other laws and regulations implemented by the FDA, the USDA, and other regulators. FSMA regulations are still being developed and implemented, including product traceability requirements recently proposed, which would be directly applicable to our products. The FDA and the USDA have the authority to inspect these facilities depending on the type of product and operations involved. The FDA and the USDA also require that certain nutrition and product information appear on its product labels and more generally, that its labels and labeling be truthful and non-misleading. Similarly, the FTC requires that our marketing and advertising be truthful, non-misleading, not deceptive to consumers, and not otherwise an unfair means of competition. We are also restricted by FDA and USDA from making certain types of claims about our products, including nutrient content claims, health claims, organic claims, and claims regarding the effects of our products on any structure or function of the body, whether express or implied, unless we satisfy certain regulatory requirements. 
 
 We are also subject to parallel state and local food safety regulation, including registration and licensing requirements for our facilities, enforcement of standards for our products and facilities by state and local health agencies, and regulation of our trade practices in connection with selling our products. 
 
 We are also subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, safety regulations and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations, and those of our distributors and suppliers, are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. 
 
 Certified B Corporation 
 
 While not required by Delaware law or the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we have elected to have our social and environmental performance, accountability and transparency assessed against the proprietary criteria established by an independent non-profit organization. As a result of this assessment, in December 2019, we were designated as a Certified B Corporation. 
 
 To be designated as a Certified B Corporation, companies are required to take a comprehensive and objective assessment of their positive impact on society and the environment. The assessment evaluates how a company s operations and business model impact its workers, customers, suppliers, community and the environment using a 200-point scale. While the assessment varies depending on a company s size (number of employees), sector and location, representative indicators in the assessment include payment above a living wage, employee benefits, stakeholder engagement, supporting underserved suppliers and environmental benefits from a company s products or services. After completing the assessment, the independent organization that certified us as a Certified B Corporation will verify our score to determine if we meet the 80- point minimum bar for certification. The review process includes a phone review, a random selection of indicators for verifying documentation and a random selection of company locations for onsite reviews, including employee interviews and facility tours. Once certified, every Certified B Corporation must make its assessment score transparent on the independent organization s website. 
 12 

Acceptance as a Certified B Corporation and continued certification is at the sole discretion of the independent organization that certified us as a Certified B Corporation. To maintain our certification, we are required to update our assessment and verify our updated score with the independent organization every three years. We received our recertification as a Certified B Corporation during the year ended December 31, 2022, based on KPIs from the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Public Benefit Corporation 
 
 In connection with our Certified B Corporation status and as a demonstration of our long-term commitment to our mission, we have been a public benefit corporation under Delaware law since inception. 
 
 Under Delaware law, a public benefit corporation is required to identify in its certificate of incorporation the public benefit or benefits it will promote and its directors have a duty to manage the affairs of the corporation in a manner that balances the pecuniary interests of the corporation s stockholders, the best interests of those materially affected by the corporation s conduct, and the specific public benefit or public benefits identified in the public benefit corporation s certificate of incorporation. To date, there is limited case law involving public benefit corporations and the application of this and other distinct public benefit corporation requirements, which may create some uncertainty until additional case law develops. 
 
 Security holders should note, however, that Sections 361 and 365 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL indicate that Delaware s longstanding business judgment rule should apply to the balancing determinations required of public benefit corporation directors so long as directors remain informed and free of conflicts of interests. Similarly, a director s ownership of or other interest in stock of the public benefit corporation will not, for purposes of Subsection XV, create conflict of interest on the part of the director with respect to the director s decision implicating the balancing requirement in the public benefit corporation, except to the extent that such ownership or interest would create a conflict of interest if the corporation were not a public benefit corporation. We expect that, in large part, traditional Delaware corporation law principles and the application of those principles in case law including those related to self-dealing, conflicts of interest, and the application of the business judgment rule will continue to apply with respect to public benefit corporations. 
 
 As provided in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the public benefits that we promote, and pursuant to which we manage, are empowering individuals in Appalachia, driving positive environmental change in the agriculture industry, and improving the lives of our employees and the community at large. Public benefit corporations organized in Delaware are required to assess their benefit performance internally and to disclose to stockholders at least biennially a report detailing their success in meeting their benefit objectives. We will also consider the objectives and standards by which we will measure and report our public benefit performance in our public benefit corporation reports, including potential key performance metrics, and we have not made a final decision on such matters. We expect that we will conduct our own assessment of our benefit performance against the standards and metrics we develop, rather than having such performance conducted by a third party. We have completed a materiality assessment with an independent third party, designated our ESG metrics, and reported our first set of data in our Sustainability Report, which we released in the first half of 2022. 
 
 Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property 
 
 Our intellectual property and proprietary rights are valuable assets and we rely on a combination of federal, state, common law and international rights in the jurisdictions to safeguard our intellectual property. Our trademarks and other proprietary rights are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand to our consumers. We believe our patents, trademarks, copyrights and domain names, and the protection of the underlying intellectual property, are important to our success. Accordingly, we own and have registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office trademarks that are important to our business, including our principal trademark, APPHARVEST, and have several additional trademark applications pending, as well. 
 
 Further, in addition to our U.S. intellectual property portfolio, we are also seeking intellectual property protection in certain other jurisdictions where available and where we deem appropriate.. We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on trademark and copyright, as well as the use of nondisclosure, confidentiality, and intellectual property assignment agreements. 
 
 13 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 500 full-time employees and approximately 414 independent contractors, most of whom are located in the United States. At December 31, 2022, our full-time workforce consisted of 36 female employees, and female employees represented approximately 13 of our management. Approximately 10 of our employees identified as a racial minority and racial minority employees represented 12 of our management. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We have never experienced a labor-related work stoppage. 
 
 We have made a particular commitment to second-chance/fair-chance employment. We work with community partners who help prepare those potential candidates for employment with us. To ensure a fair shot, our interviewers are never aware interviewees are from second-chance or fair-chance programs. From top to bottom, we aim to hire a team of people as diverse as the communities in which we operate and then empower them as individuals. 
 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate personnel through the granting of equity-based compensation awards, to increase stockholder value and the success of the company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 
 We encourage employees to engage with our mission in many ways. One avenue is through Mission Day paid leave hours. These hours are intended to be used toward activities related to the Company s mission, including but not limited to community volunteering and involvement. Examples include volunteering at a food bank or an animal shelter, participating in community beautification projects, or tutoring kids. Each year, employees receive up to 16 hours of paid leave designated as Mission Days depending upon their date of hire. 
 
 Website Access to Reports 
 
 Our website is www.appharvest.com . We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. We make copies of these reports and other information available free of charge through our website (under the heading SEC Filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . The information contained on the websites referenced in this Annual Report is not incorporated by reference into this filing, and the website addresses are provided only as inactive textual references. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before you make a decision to buy our securities, in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report. If any of the events or developments described below were to occur, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could suffer materially, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and we will require significant additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our operations and future growth. 
 
 We have incurred losses from operations and generated negative cash flows from operating activities since inception. Our current operating plan, which includes our planting and harvesting activities, indicates that we will continue to incur losses from operations and generate negative cash flows from operating activities. In addition, debt service requirements and our plans to continue investing in the build-out and start-up of future CEA facilities, including AppHarvest Berea, Richmond tomato facility and Somerset facility, will have an adverse impact on liquidity. The impact of these events and conditions on our liquidity raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 14 

The high-tech CEA agriculture business is extremely capital-intensive and we expect to expend significant resources to complete the build-out of facilities under construction, including the development of related technology, continue harvesting existing crops and plant and harvest new crops in our existing and future CEA facilities. These expenditures are expected to include working capital, costs of acquiring and building out new facilities, costs associated with planting and harvesting, such as the purchase of seeds and growing supplies, and the cost of attracting, developing and retaining a skilled labor force, including local labor. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise due to the unique nature of these CEA facilities and increased production in our single operating facility at full capacity. We currently import many of the supplies and materials for greenhouse production and operations from abroad, including the construction materials for our CEA facilities and seeds for plants. Accordingly, we are subject to risk of fluctuation in exchange rates, which could cause unexpected increases in our costs and harm our financial position. In addition, our ability to execute on our growth strategy and CEA technology require significant additional financing. 
 
 We will need to raise additional funds in order to operate our business, meet obligations as they become due and continue the ongoing construction, build-out and start-up of our CEA facilities. In December 2022, we entered into the Sale-Leaseback Transaction with Mastronardi Berea LLC, pursuant to which we sold 40 acres of land located in Berea, Kentucky and AppHarvest Berea situated thereon. On February 9, 2023, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein, relating to the issuance and sale (the Public Offering of 40,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), at a price to the public of 1.00 per share. In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, we granted the underwriters a 30-day option (the Overallotment Option to purchase up to 6,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock. On February 14, 2023, the Public Offering closed, and we issued and sold 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock and on February 24, 2023, we issued an additional 6,000,000 shares under the Overallotment Option. The net proceeds from the Public Offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, were approximately 43.1 million, including the 6.0 million from the Overallotment Option. 
 
 We are currently exploring additional financing alternatives, including but not limited to additional sale-leaseback transactions related to our other CEA facilities, third-party equity or debt financing, or other sources, such as strategic relationships or other transactions with third parties, that may or may not include business combination transactions. However, financing may not be available to us in the necessary time frame, in amounts that we require, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise the necessary funds when needed, it may materially and adversely impact our ability to execute on our operating plans, the operation of our current CEA facilities and the construction, build-out and start-up of our CEA facilities could be delayed, scaled back, or abandoned. If we become unable to continue as a going concern, we may have to dispose of assets and might realize significantly less than the values at which they are carried on our consolidated financial statements. These actions may cause our stockholders to lose all or part of their investment in our Common Stock. In the absence of additional sources of financing, we expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will only allow us to continue our planned operations into the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 We have a history of losses, and expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future. Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to effectively manage our future growth. 
 
 We incurred net losses of 176.6 million and 166.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in world-class technology to increase production and commercial sales of our products. There is no guarantee when, if ever, we will become profitable. We expect to expend substantial resources as we: 
 
 complete the build-out of facilities for which building has commenced and begin construction on additional facilities; 
 continue harvesting existing crops and plant and harvest new crops in our existing and future facilities; 
 fulfill our obligations under our marketing and distribution agreement with Mastronardi; 
 identify and invest in future growth opportunities, including the purchase or lease of land and new or expanded facilities; 
 invest in sales and marketing efforts to increase brand awareness, engage customers and drive sales of our products; 
 invest in product innovation and development; and 
 incur additional general administration expenses, including increased finance, legal and accounting expenses, associated with being a public company and growing operations. 
 
 These investments may not result in the growth of our business. Even if these investments do result in the growth of our business, if we do not effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to execute on our business plan and vision, respond 
 15 

to competitive pressures, take advantage of market opportunities, satisfy customer requirements or maintain high-quality product offerings, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We face risks inherent in the agriculture business, including the risks of diseases and pests. 
 
 We are focused on building large-scale CEA facilities in Appalachia with the goal of providing quality domestic supply of fresh fruits and vegetables to nearly 70 of the U.S. population. We primarily grow three varieties of tomatoes at AppHarvest Morehead beefsteak tomatoes, tomatoes on the vine and snacking tomatoes and primarily grow salad greens at AppHarvest Berea and strawberries at AppHarvest Somerset and we expect to expand to other tomato varieties and other fruits and vegetables such as berries, peppers, and cucumbers in the future at other facilities. As such, we are subject to the risks inherent in an agricultural business, such as insects, plant and seed diseases and similar agricultural risks, which may include crop losses, for which we are not insured; production of non-saleable products; and rejection of products for quality or other reasons, all of which may materially affect our operational and financial performance. Although our produce is grown in climate-controlled greenhouses, there can be no assurance that natural elements will not have an effect on the production of these products. In particular, plant diseases, such as root rot or tomato brown rugose fruit virus ToBRFV ), or pest infestations, such as whiteflies, aphids, thrips, or mites, can destroy all or a significant portion of our produce and could eliminate or significantly reduce production until we are able to disinfect the greenhouse and grow replacement tomatoes or other vegetables and fruits. ToBRFV is a virus affecting tomatoes, peppers and possibly other plants. Seed and transplant production are the most critical areas to identify the virus as contamination creates the risk of spreading to hundreds, if not thousands, of plants. ToBRFV can be transmitted mechanically and spread between plants or on contaminated tools, clothes or hands and mitigation efforts could require a complete facility clean out, including multiple sanitations with disinfectants known to be effective on the ToBRFV. ToBRFV may lead to reduced crop quality, ending a crop cycle early or clearing out a portion of a CEA facility or its entirety. In addition, delivery of tomato crops across the U.S-Mexico and U.S.-Canada borders encounters additional inspections due to ToBRFV and those crops may be denied entry. 
 
 Although we have taken, and continue to take, precautions to guard against crop diseases and pests, these efforts may not be sufficient. For example, in June 2021 and during the course of the fourth quarter of 2021, we experienced outbreaks of various pests and disease on certain of our plants and during the second quarter of 2022, we observed pest-damaged tomatoes on the vine and active pests. Also, during the fourth quarter of 2022 we observed pest-damaged strawberries and active pests. In response, we undertook and are undertaking several mitigation efforts, including the removal of plants, shortened growing periods of plants that were or may have been affected, and modifications to operational practices to eliminate or greatly reduce potential transmission vectors. These efforts adversely affected yields for the 2021-2022 growing season at our Morehead facility, and the 2022-2023 growing season at our Somerset facility, including shorter than expected growing seasons. In addition, diseases and pests can make their way into greenhouses from outside sources over which we have limited or no control. Diseases and pests can be inadvertently brought in by employees and/or independent contractors, from seed and propagation vendors and from the trucks that transport supplies to the greenhouse. Once a disease or pest is introduced, we will need to quickly identify the problem and take remedial action in order to preserve the growing season. Failure to identify and remediate any diseases or pests in a timely manner could cause the loss of all or a portion of our crop and result in substantial time and resources to resume operations. Crop losses as a result of these agricultural risks have and could continue to negatively and materially impact our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity of our business and makes it difficult to evaluate our future business prospects. 
 
 Our business model is continuing to evolve. We are a sustainable food company in Appalachia developing and operating some of the world s largest high-tech indoor farms with robotics and artificial intelligence to build a reliable, climate-resilient food system. We may in the future also pursue additional CEA opportunities through partnerships with third parties, including opportunities outside of the U.S. From time to time, we may continue to modify aspects of our business model relating to our products and services. For example, while we were previously engaged in building an applied technology company, through our AppHarvest Technology, Inc. subsidiary, we recently temporarily paused development of CEA technology solutions with resumption of development contingent upon financing. We do not know whether these or any other modifications will be successful. The evolution of and modifications to our business model will continue to increase the complexity of our business and place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance and financial resources. Future additions to or modifications of our business model are likely to have similar effects. Further, any new products or services we offer that are not favorably received by the market could damage our reputation or our brand. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 16 

We currently rely primarily on a single facility for the majority of our operations. 
 
 Our first CEA facility is a 2.76 million square foot CEA facility in Morehead, Kentucky, which partially opened in October 2020 and became fully operational in March 2021. For the immediate future, we will rely primarily on the operations at AppHarvest Morehead while we continue to build up our operations at AppHarvest Berea, AppHarvest Somerset and AppHarvest Richmond. Adverse changes or developments affecting AppHarvest Morehead could impair our ability to produce our products and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Any shutdown or period of reduced production at AppHarvest Morehead, which may be caused by regulatory noncompliance or other issues, as well as other factors beyond our control, such as severe weather conditions, natural disaster, fire, power interruption, work stoppage, disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19), equipment failure or delay in supply delivery, would significantly disrupt our ability to grow and deliver our produce in a timely manner, meet our contractual obligations and operate our business. Our farm equipment is costly to replace or repair, and our equipment supply chains may be disrupted in connection with pandemics, such as COVID-19, decades-high inflation, trade wars, labor shortages, or other factors. If any material amount of our machinery were damaged, we would be unable to predict when, if at all, we could replace or repair such machinery or find co-manufacturers with suitable alternative machinery, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Any insurance coverage we have may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 Any damage to or problems with our CEA facilities, or delays in land acquisition or construction, could severely impact our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Any damage to or problems with AppHarvest Morehead, Berea salad greens facility, Somerset facility, Richmond tomato facility, or any other CEA facilities we build or use in the future, including defective construction, repairs, or maintenance, could have an adverse impact on our operations and business. We face risks including, but not limited to: 
 
 Weather. Our operations may be adversely affected by severe weather including tornados, lightning strikes, wind, snow, hail and rain. A tornado, lightning strike, severe hailstorm or unusually large amount of precipitation could cause damage or destruction to all or part of our CEA facility or affect the ability of our workforce to get to or remain at the facility. We may be required to expend significant resources and time in mitigating damage to our crops, and such damage may not be covered by insurance. The impact of a severe weather event or natural disaster could result in significant losses and seriously disrupt our entire business. 
 Water Supply. We irrigate our plants with rainwater, collected in each site s retention pond, which eliminates the need for city water or well water. The pond is designed to be constantly aerated with nanobubble technology, which combats harmful algae blooms and cyanotoxins. Once rainwater is pumped into the facility from the pond, it enters a closed-loop irrigation system. The water is processed through a sand filter and then sanitized with UV light. This destroys viruses, bacteria and protozoa without the use of chemicals and with no unwanted disinfection by-products. Despite these precautions, there remains risk of contamination to our water supply from outside sources. Any contamination of the water in the retention pond could require significant resources to correct and could result in damage or interruption to our growing season. 
 Energy Costs or Interruption. Although our plants primarily grow using natural sunlight, requiring less energy per plant than indoor warehouse farms, we do supplement the light our plants receive with LED lighting and high-pressure sodium lighting, which makes us vulnerable to rising energy costs. We have diesel generators to maintain energy supply in the case of an outage, but these generators would not be able to power the facility for any prolonged period of time and therefore outages could result in reduced crop yield. Rising or volatile energy costs may adversely impact our business, and our operations could be significantly affected by a prolonged power outage. 
 
 In addition, we have experienced and may continue to experience unexpected delays in building our CEA facilities for a variety of reasons, including limited financing, limited labor due to COVID-19 or other factors, unexpected construction problems, decades-high inflation or severe weather. If we experience significant unexpected delays in construction, we may have to limit or miss out on an entire growing season depending on the timing and extent of the delays, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, we experienced construction delays at AppHarvest Richmond which required us to facilitate other solutions to commence operations, thereby increasing our expense incurred. 
 
 We depend on employing a skilled local labor force, and failure to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and/or independent contractors could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Agricultural operations are labor intensive, and the growing season for greenhouses is year-round. In general, each year, we plan to begin planting vine crops in August or September, grow and harvest the produce into June, July, or August and then 
 17 

remove plants and clean the greenhouse in July or August. Our salad greens are grown year round. These year-round operations depend on the skills and regular availability of labor in Appalachia. 
 
 We have rapidly hired in the region as we prepared to open our CEA facilities and benefited from a strong network of employer assistance programs ready to help companies interested in locating in the region to provide jobs for its ready workforce. However, there is competition for skilled agricultural labor in the region, particularly from the cannabis, food, and distribution industries, and even if we are able to identify, hire and develop our labor force, there is no guarantee that we will be able to retain these employees and/or independent contractors. For example, we continue to observe an overall tightening and increasingly competitive local labor market. To help forestall any potential labor shortfall, we have hired experienced agricultural workers while we strive to develop a local labor force. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain a labor force capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we take to respond to a deficit of adequate local labor, such as overtime and contract laborers, have unintended negative effects, our business results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, the operation of CEA facilities requires unique skills, which may not be widely available in the regions where we operate. Any additional shortages of labor, lack of training or skills, or lack of regular availability could restrict our ability to operate our greenhouses profitably, or at all. 
 
 In addition, efforts by labor unions to organize our employees and/or independent contractors could divert management attention away from regular day-to-day operations and increase our operating expenses. Labor unions may make attempts to organize our non-unionized employees and/or independent contractors. We are not aware of any activities relating to union organizations at any of our facilities, but we cannot predict which, if any, groups of employees and/or independent contractors may seek union representation in the future or the outcome of any collective bargaining. If we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, we may have to wait through cooling off periods, which are often followed by union-initiated work stoppages, including strikes. Depending on the type and duration of our any work stoppage, our operating expenses could increase significantly, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover and labor cost increases. 
 
 Labor is a primary component of operating our business. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs, including high employment levels, and other government regulations. We continue to observe an overall tightening and increasingly competitive local labor market. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, including those caused by COVID 19, or measures taken to address COVID-19, or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees and/or independent contractors, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our greenhouse equipment and overall business. 
 
 If we are unable to hire, develop and retain employees and/or independent contractors capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and contract laborers, have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, including those caused by COVID 19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 
 
 Our management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 
 Our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or effectively manage our regulatory oversight and reporting obligations as a public company under the federal securities laws of the U.S. Our management s limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities, which will result in less time being devoted to the management and growth of our company. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the U.S. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the U.S. may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. 
 
 18 

Mastronardi is currently our exclusive marketing and distribution partner. We are highly dependent on our relationship with Mastronardi, and impairment to or termination of this relationship could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Mastronardi is our exclusive marketing and distribution partner for all products pursuant to the Mastronardi Agreement. Under the terms of the Mastronardi Agreement, we are responsible for growing, producing, packing and delivering all products to Mastronardi, and Mastronardi is responsible for marketing, branding and distributing the products to its customers. Mastronardi will sell the products at market prices that are consistent with the best and highest prices available during the duration of the applicable growing season for like kind USDA Grade No. 1 products. Mastronardi will set the market price for the products and will pay over to us the gross sale price of our products sold by Mastronardi, less a marketing fee and Mastronardi s costs incurred in the sale and distribution of the products, which can fluctuate. 
 
 Mastronardi is only obligated to purchase our products that are at or above USDA Grade No. 1 standards and export quality standards within North America and of a quality required by Mastronardi s customers, in Mastronardi s sole determination. The Mastronardi Agreement provides for an inspection period during which Mastronardi will inspect our products to determine whether it meets the required quality standards, and Mastronardi may reject and return any of our products that do not meet these standards. Any significant or unexpected rejection of our products could negatively impact our results of operations, and we may be unable to sell the rejected products to other third parties. Further, because Mastronardi acts as an intermediary between us and the retail grocers or food service providers, we do not have short-term or long-term commitments or minimum purchase volumes with them that ensure future sales of our products. 
 
 If we expand our growing acreage or operations in Kentucky or West Virginia, Mastronardi has a right of first refusal to be the exclusive distributor of any produce arising as a result of such expansion for the greater of ten years from the date of first commercial production of the additional products or the remainder of the term of the Mastronardi Agreement. In the event we or our affiliates engage in the business of growing fresh produce in a greenhouse in Kentucky and West Virginia, Mastronardi has the right to deem such New Grower Facility to be under an agreement with Mastronardi on the same material terms and conditions of the Mastronardi Agreement for a period of ten years. In December 2020, Mastronardi elected to deem our Richmond tomato facility and Berea salad greens facility to be New Grower Facilities. 
 
 Due to the exclusive nature of this long-term distribution relationship, we could also be adversely affected if Mastronardi experiences impairment to its brand and reputation or to its financial condition. Mastronardi and we are each entitled to terminate the Mastronardi Agreement in the case of the other party s uncured breach of the contract or bankruptcy or insolvency. If the Mastronardi Agreement is terminated, we may experience difficulty or delay in finding a suitable replacement distributor in a timely manner or at all, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by economic downturns, inflation, increases in interest rates, natural disasters, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, political crises, geopolitical events, such as the crisis in Ukraine, or other macroeconomic conditions, which have in the past and may in the future negatively impact our business and financial performance. 
 
 The global economy, including credit and financial markets, has experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including, among other things, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, supply chain shortages and disruptions, increases in inflation rates, higher interest rates and uncertainty about economic stability. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in supply chain disruptions related to the construction of our Berea salad greens facility and Richmond tomato facility, and caused delays in the completion of AppHarvest Berea, and a phased opening at AppHarvest Richmond. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic, resulted in widespread unemployment, economic slowdown and extreme volatility in the capital markets. The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates multiple times in response to concerns about inflation and it may raise them again. Higher interest rates, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets may increase economic uncertainty and affect consumer spending. Similarly, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has created extreme volatility in the global capital markets and is expected to have further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets. Any such volatility and disruptions may adversely affect our business or the third parties on whom we rely. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Increased inflation rates can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including labor and employee benefit costs. In addition, higher inflation and macro turmoil and uncertainty could also adversely affect our customers, which could reduce demand for our products. 
 
 19 

Further downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, automatic spending cuts, or a government shutdown could negatively 
 impact our liquidity, financial condition and earnings. 
 
 U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the United States. Although U.S. lawmakers have previously passed legislation to raise the federal 
 debt ceiling on multiple occasions, there is a history of ratings agencies lowering or threatening to lower the long-term sovereign credit rating on the United States given such uncertainty. The impact of this or any further downgrades to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. Moreover, these developments could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively impact our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time. Continued adverse political and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We could be adversely affected by a change in consumer preferences, perception and spending habits in the food industry, and failure to develop and expand our product offerings or gain market acceptance of our products could have a negative effect on our business. 
 
 The market in which we operate is subject to changes in consumer preference, perception and spending habits. Our performance will depend significantly on factors that may affect the level and pattern of consumer spending in the U.S. food industry market in which we operate. Such factors include consumer preference, consumer income, consumer confidence in and perception of the safety and quality of our products and shifts in the perceived value for our products relative to alternatives. 
 
 Consumer Preferences. We currently produce primarily beefsteak tomatoes, tomatoes on the vine, and snacking tomatoes. Although tomatoes are the second most popular fresh market vegetable per capita in the U.S., with per capita consumption increasing significantly in the past 40 years, there is no guarantee that tomatoes will continue to garner this popularity, that consumers will prefer the varieties of tomatoes grown by us, or that we will be successful in capturing a sufficient market share. If we are able to expand our product offerings to include other vegetables and fruits, such as cucumbers, peppers, and berries, and expand our production of salad greens and strawberries, we will similarly be impacted by consumer preferences for such vegetables and fruits. 
 Safety and Quality Concerns. Media coverage regarding the safety or quality of, or diet or health issues relating to, our products or the processes involved in our manufacturing, may damage consumer confidence in our products. For example, manufacturers and regulatory authorities have issued recalls of tomatoes in the past due to issues such as salmonella contamination. Any widespread safety or quality issues involving tomatoes or other fresh fruits or vegetables even if not involving us could adversely affect consumer confidence in and demand for such tomatoes or other fresh produce. 
 Consumer Income. A general decline in the consumption of our products could occur at any time as a result of change in consumer spending habits, including an unwillingness to pay a premium or an inability to purchase our products due to financial hardship, decades-high inflation, or increased price sensitivity, which may be exacerbated by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, global macroeconomic conditions or other events. 
 
 The success of our products will depend on a number of factors including our ability to accurately anticipate changes in market demand and consumer preferences, our ability to differentiate the quality of our products from those of our competitors, and the effectiveness of marketing and advertising campaigns for our products. We may not be successful in identifying trends in consumer preferences and growing or developing products that respond to such trends in a timely manner. We or our partners also may not be able to effectively promote our products by marketing and advertising campaigns and gain market acceptance. If our products fail to gain market acceptance, are restricted by regulatory requirements, have quality problems, or are affected by consumer perceptions of safety and quality even arising from our competitors products, we may not be able to fully recover costs and expenses incurred in our operations, and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 20 

We may be unable to successfully execute on our growth strategy. 
 
 Our growth strategy includes the development of new CEA facilities and the expansion of our product line. 
 
 New Controlled Agriculture Facilities . AppHarvest Berea became operational in October 2022, and the AppHarvest Somerset facility became operational in November 2022. AppHarvest Berea salad greens facility harvests salad greens, and AppHarvest Somerset primarily grows strawberries but is also expected to seasonally grow cucumbers. AppHarvest Richmond, which is in final stages of completion, was half planted in December 2022, and began commercial shipments in January 2023. For risks related to delays in land acquisition or construction of our CEA facilities, please see the risk factor We build CEA facilities, which may be subject to unexpected costs and delays due to reliance on third parties for construction, material delivery, supply-chains and fluctuating material prices. 
 
 Identifying, planning, developing, constructing and finishing new CEA facilities in Central Appalachia has required and will continue to require substantial time, capital, and resources. CEA facilities, like ours, require a large amount of flat land with a maximum cut and fill area, the ability to obtain the appropriate permits and approvals, sufficient utilities and road access and adequate availability of skilled labor, among other things. We may be unsuccessful in identifying available sites in Central Appalachia that are conducive to our planned projects, and even if identified, we may ultimately be unable to lease, purchase, build or operate on the land for any number of reasons. Because of the capital-intensive nature of these projects, we will need to prioritize which sites we plan to develop, and there can be no guarantee that we will select or prioritize sites that will ultimately prove to be appropriate for construction. Further, we may spend time and resources developing sites at the expense of other appropriate sites, which may ultimately have been a better selection or more profitable location. On the other hand, if we overestimate market demand and expands into new locations too quickly, we may have significantly underutilized assets and may experience reduced profitability. If we do not accurately align capacity at our greenhouses with demand, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 New Product Lines. We aspire to develop a leading fruit and vegetable brand widely known for its sustainable practices. We plan to leverage our strong mission to build an iconic brand recognized and revered by a loyal customer base that values a sustainable homegrown food supplier. We successfully launched and sold out our first value-added product, salsa, in 2021, and we expect to leverage this platform as we continue to refine and grow our value-added products strategy in the future, depending on the availability of financing on acceptable terms. We have paused the sale and development of our salsa and other products in 2022. The three farms that are operational in 2022 should provide us a significantly larger volume of produce from which to derive value-added and direct-to-consumer products when expected sales and development resume. Accordingly, we plan to spend time and resources developing capacity for larger-scale production that we believe will enable us to secure financing and permit us to relaunch our value-added products at a larger scale in the future. 
 
 We may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully. Our sales and operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 
 
 Failure to adequately manage our planned growth strategy may harm our business or increase our risk of failure. 
 
 For the foreseeable future, we intend to pursue a growth strategy for the expansion of our operations through increased product development and marketing. Our ability to rapidly expand our operations will depend upon many factors, including our ability to work in a regulated environment, establish and maintain strategic relationships with suppliers, and obtain adequate and necessary capital resources on acceptable terms. Any restrictions on our ability to expand may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including with respect to our technology initiatives. Accordingly, we may be unable to achieve our targets for sales growth, and our operations may not be successful or achieve anticipated operating results. 
 
 We have agreed not to compete with Mastronardi outside of Kentucky and West Virginia, which may limit our business opportunities. 
 
 We have agreed not to compete with Mastronardi outside of Kentucky and West Virginia, which includes the businesses of growing, harvesting, packaging, distributing or selling fresh produce, subject to certain exceptions for fresh produce that is grown in Kentucky or West Virginia. Although we are currently focused on building greenhouses in Central Appalachia, if we desired in the future to build or operate facilities outside of Kentucky or West Virginia that were competitive with Mastronardi, the Mastronardi Agreement requires us to obtain Mastronardi s consent before doing so. If Mastronardi withholds such consent 
 21 

for any reason, this could have the effect of restricting certain business opportunities outside of Kentucky and West Virginia during the term of the non-compete provision. The non-compete provision runs for ten years from the date of a first commercial harvest from AppHarvest Morehead and also runs for ten years measured from the date of a first commercial harvest from a facility deemed to be a New Grower Facility by Mastronardi under the terms of the Mastronardi Agreement. In December 2020, Mastronardi elected to deem our new facilities in Richmond and Berea as New Grower Facilities. 
 
 We build CEA facilities, which may be subject to unexpected costs and delays due to reliance on third parties for construction, material delivery, supply-chains and fluctuating material prices. 
 
 We build CEA facilities that are dependent on a number of key inputs and their related costs including materials such as steel and glass and other supplies, as well as electricity and other local utilities. Any significant interruption or negative change in the availability or economics of the supply chain for key inputs could materially impact our business, financial condition and operating results. We have entered into a direct contractual relationship with Dalsem for the construction of our Richmond tomato facility and Berea salad greens facility. We have also entered into a direct contractual relationship with Havecon for the construction of our Somerset facility. If Dalsem or Havecon encounter unexpected costs, delays or other problems in building these CEA facilities, our financial position and ability to execute on our growth strategy could be negatively affected. In addition, from time to time, our construction partners may place mechanics liens on our properties under construction, the effect of which is to secure a contractor s right to payment of past due amounts by using our real property as collateral for such amounts. As of the date of this Annual Report, Dalsem has filed a mechanics lien on the Richmond tomato facility in the amount of approximately 14 million, of which we are contesting a portion. Any inability to secure required supplies and services or to do so on appropriate terms could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The price of production, sale and distribution of these goods may fluctuate widely based on the impact of numerous factors beyond our control including international, economic and political trends, transportation disruptions, inflation, global or regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities and increased production due to new production and distribution developments and improved production and distribution methods. In addition, we import substantially all of the construction materials used to build the CEA facilities. The use of third-party import services can cause logistical problems, unexpected costs and delays in facility construction, which we cannot directly control. Any prolonged disruption of third-party delivery and shipping services could negatively affect our facility building schedule. Rising costs associated with third-party transportation services used to ship materials may also adversely impact our building schedule and crop season planning, and more generally our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact worldwide economic activity, and the governments of some countries, states, cities and other geographic regions have taken preventative or protective actions in response, such as closures or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations of manufacturers, suppliers and vendors, which, combined with geopolitical tensions, are creating disruption in global supply chains. The increased global demand on shipping and transport services has and may cause us to experience delays in the future, which could impact our ability to obtain materials or build our greenhouses in a timely manner. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in supply chain disruptions related to the construction of our Berea salad greens facility and Richmond tomato facility, and we are currently assessing any long-term effects on our ability to build our greenhouses in a timely manner. These factors could otherwise disrupt our operations and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we experience significant unexpected delays in construction, we may have to limit or miss out on an entire growing season depending on the timing and extent of the delays, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to compete successfully in the highly competitive natural food market. 
 
 We operate in the highly competitive natural foods environment. With the importing of vine crops rapidly increasing, our competition includes large-scale operations in Mexico and to a lesser extent the southwestern U.S. In this market, competition is based on, among other things, product quality and taste, brand recognition and loyalty, product variety, product packaging and package design, shelf space, reputation, price, advertising, promotion and nutritional claims. 
 
 We may not be able to compete successfully with imported goods, including from Mexico and Canada. A risk for high-tech producers in the U.S. is that lower-cost Mexican producers will be able to increasingly step up and meet emerging U.S. retail market preferences for higher quality, improved product safety, year-round availability, and product innovation. Mexican producers achieve this not by investing equivalent capital, but by leveraging climatic advantages at lower cost. Market 
 22 

leadership will accrue to the most efficient producers who are able to reliably meet the needs of large U.S. retailers and can demonstrate advantages in marketing strategy, geography, technology, and production learning curves sufficient to warrant the substantial long- term working capital required to fuel the expected sustained growth of this niche. Meanwhile, Canadian producers are beginning or expanding production in the U.S. The major factors driving this expansion are brand value of U.S. production and lower transportation and energy costs at U.S. facilities. The Canadian greenhouse industry is located primarily in Ontario in the east and British Columbia in the west. The Canadian greenhouse industry is supported by extensive government subsidies and financing that allows them to compete with the U.S. and Mexico on production cost. 
 
 We also face competition from traditional greenhouse operators both domestic and abroad, as well as from high-tech agricultural startups that are focused on development of farms either in or near major cities. 
 
 Each of these competitors may have substantially greater financial and other resources than us and some of whose products are well accepted in the marketplace today. We cannot be certain that we will successfully compete with larger competitors that have greater financial, sales and technical resources. They may also have lower operational costs, and as a result may be able to offer comparable or substitute products to customers at lower costs. This could put pressure on us to lower our prices, resulting in lower profitability or, in the alternative, cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Retailers may also market competitive products under their own private labels, which are generally sold at lower prices, and may change the merchandising of our products so we have less favorable placement. 
 
 The CEA agriculture business also has low barriers to entry, and we will not be able to prevent competitors from building and operating similar greenhouses. We rely heavily on the know-how of our employees and management team, our experience and our relationships with significant stakeholders in the agriculture industry and in Central Appalachia. 
 
 In addition, our ability to compete successfully in this market depends, in large part, on our ability to implement our growth strategy of building additional controlled environment facilities and expanding our product line. Our sales and operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 
 
 We have only recently commenced our third harvest, which makes it difficult to forecast future results of operations. 
 
 Our first CEA facility in Morehead, Kentucky partially opened in October 2020, marking the beginning of our first growing season. AppHarvest Morehead was completed in March 2021 and we concluded our first growing season in August 2021. We completed planting our second crop in September 2021, the harvest of the new crop commenced in the fourth quarter of 2021 and we completed our second harvest at the end of July 2022. In November 2022, we commenced our third harvest. As a result, our ability to accurately forecast future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. In future periods, net sales growth could slow or net sales could decline for a number of reasons, including plant diseases or pest infestations, slowing demand for our products, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of the overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to take advantage of growth opportunities. For example, the impact to our second season yield by the plant health issue ended up higher than our original forecast of 10 to 15 , as we removed some extra rows in the affected area out of an abundance of caution and curtailed our second growing season. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and future net sales growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 
 
 Our AppHarvest Berea farm is subject to lease obligations that may restrict our ability to operate our business. 
 
 On December 23, 2022, we sold approximately 40 acres of land located in Berea, Kentucky and the Berea salad greens facility situated thereon to Mastronardi Berea LLC, and, concurrently, we, as tenant, and Mastronardi Berea LLC, as landlord, entered into the Berea Lease for an initial term of 10 years, with four renewal options of five years each, subject to the conditions set forth in the Berea Lease. A failure to make scheduled lease payments, or a breach of any of the other covenants related to the Sale-Leaseback Transaction could result in a default thereunder, which could allow Mastronardi Berea LLC to take possession of AppHarvest Berea. If we lost possession of AppHarvest Berea, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 23 

If we fail to develop and maintain our brand, our business could suffer. 
 
 We plan to leverage our strong mission to build an iconic brand recognized and revered by a loyal customer base that values a sustainable homegrown food supplier. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and grow the value of our brand. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand and reputation will depend on, among other factors, the success of our product offerings, food safety, quality assurance, marketing and merchandising efforts, our continued focus on the environment and sustainability and ability to provide a consistent, high-quality consumer and customer experience. Any negative publicity, regardless of its accuracy, could impair our business. 
 
 With respect to our products that are distributed by Mastronardi, Mastronardi controls the packaging, branding and marketing of these products. Although Mastronardi has agreed to use its best efforts to include the AppHarvest name and branding on our products, it is under no obligation to do so if such inclusion would conflict with instructions from a Mastronardi customer for the products or Mastronardi believes that we have suffered material impairment to our reputation or any of our brands. If Mastronardi does not include prominent AppHarvest branding on the packaging of our products we distribute, or if Mastronardi fails to effectively market our products, this could hamper our efforts to establish and grow our brand and reputation. 
 
 Further, the growing use of social and digital media by us, our consumers and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative publicity about us, our partners or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our brand and reputation. Brand value is based on perceptions of subjective qualities, and any incident that erodes the loyalty of our consumers, customers or distributors, including adverse publicity or a governmental investigation, litigation, including securities class actions, or regulatory enforcement action, could significantly reduce the value of our brand and significantly damage our business. If we do not achieve and maintain favorable perception of our brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality, food safety, or environmental issues with our products, which could negatively impact our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Real or perceived quality, food safety, or environmental concerns or failures to comply with applicable food regulations and requirements, whether or not ultimately based on fact and whether or not involving our products (such as incidents involving Mastronardi or our competitors), could cause negative publicity and reduced confidence in our company, brand or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and sales, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Brand value is also based on perceptions of subjective qualities, such as appearance and taste, and any incident that erodes the loyalty of our consumers, including changes to product appearance, taste or packaging, could significantly reduce the value of our brand and significantly damage our business. 
 
 We also have no control over our products once Mastronardi or any other distributor takes possession of them. Distributors or consumers may store our products under conditions and for periods of time inconsistent with the USDA, U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), and other governmental guidelines, which may adversely affect the quality and safety of our products. 
 
 If consumers do not perceive our products to be of high quality or safe, then the value of our brand would be diminished, and our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the quality and safety of our products would be difficult and costly to overcome. Any such negative effect could be exacerbated by our market positioning as a socially conscious grower of high-quality produce and may significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any of our products, regardless of the cause, may harm our brand, reputation and operating results. 
 
 Demand for our current and expected future products, which include tomatoes, berries, peppers, cucumbers, other vine produce, and salad greens is subject to seasonal fluctuations and may adversely impact our results of operations in certain quarters. 
 
 Demand for our current and expected future products, which include tomatoes berries, peppers, cucumbers, other vine produce, and salad greens fluctuates and tends to be greater during the summer months. As a result, comparisons of our sales and operating results between different quarters within a single fiscal year may not necessarily be meaningful comparisons. If we are not correct in predicting demand and planning our growing seasons accordingly, we may experience a supply and demand imbalance, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 24 

If we cannot maintain our company culture or focus on our vision as we grow, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 
 Our vision is to create America s AgTech capital from within Appalachia and provide better produce, better farming practices and better jobs. Any failure to preserve our culture or focus on our vision could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important values. If we fail to maintain our company culture or focus on our vision, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 
 Food safety and foodborne illness incidents or advertising or product mislabeling may materially adversely affect our business by exposing us to lawsuits, product recalls, regulatory enforcement actions, or changes in consumer demand increasing our operating costs and reducing demand for our product offerings. 
 
 Selling food for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, and there is increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety. Unexpected side effects, illness, injury or death related to allergens, foodborne illnesses or other food safety incidents caused by products, or involving our suppliers, could result in the discontinuance of sales of these products or our relationships with such suppliers, or otherwise result in increased operating costs, regulatory enforcement actions, or harm to our reputation. Shipment of adulterated or misbranded products, even if inadvertent, can result in criminal or civil liability. Such incidents could also expose us to product liability, negligence, or other lawsuits, including consumer class action lawsuits. Any claims brought against us may exceed or be outside the scope of our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. Any judgment against us that is more than our policy limits or not covered by our policies or not subject to insurance would have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources. 
 
 The occurrence of foodborne illnesses or other food safety incidents could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected raw materials, resulting in higher costs, disruptions in supply and a reduction in sales. Furthermore, any instances of food contamination or regulatory noncompliance, whether or not caused by our actions, could compel us, our suppliers, distributors or customers, depending on the circumstances, to conduct a recall in accordance with FDA regulations, and comparable state laws. Food recalls could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time and potential loss of existing distributors or customers and a potential negative impact on our ability to attract new customers due to negative consumer experiences or because of an adverse impact on our brand and reputation. The costs of a recall could be outside the scope of our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. 
 
 In addition, food companies have been subject to targeted, large-scale tampering as well as to opportunistic, individual product tampering, and we, like any food company, could be a target for product tampering. Forms of tampering could include the introduction of foreign material, chemical contaminants, and pathogenic organisms into consumer products as well as product substitution. FDA regulations require companies like us to analyze, prepare, and implement mitigation strategies specifically to address tampering designed to inflict widespread public health harm. If we do not adequately address the possibility, or any actual instance, of product tampering, we could face possible seizure or recall of our products, suspension of our facilities registrations, and/or the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Our operations are subject to FDA and USDA governmental regulation and state regulation, and there is no assurance that we will be in compliance with all regulations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other federal, state and local authorities. Specifically, we are subject to the requirements of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs, among other things, the manufacturing, composition and ingredients, packaging, labeling and safety of food. Under this program, the FDA requires that facilities that grow, pack, and/or process food products comply with a range of requirements, including standards for the growing, harvesting, packing, and holding of produce, hazard analysis and preventative controls regulations, current good agricultural practices, or GAPs, current good manufacturing practices, or GMPs, and supplier verification requirements. Our processing facilities are subject to periodic inspection by federal, state and local authorities. If we cannot successfully manufacture products that conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, we may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions, which could materially impact our ability to market our products or could result in a recall of our product that have already been distributed. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority determines that we have not complied with the applicable regulatory requirements, our business may be materially impacted. 
 
 25 

We seek to comply with applicable regulations through a combination of employing internal experience and expert personnel to ensure quality-assurance compliance (i.e., assuring that products are not adulterated or misbranded) and contracting with third-party laboratories that conduct analyses of products to ensure compliance with nutrition labeling requirements and to identify any potential contaminants before distribution. Failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations or maintain permits, licenses or registrations relating to our operations could subject us to civil remedies or penalties, including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, warning letters, restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of products, or refusals to permit the import or export of products, as well as potential criminal sanctions, which could result in increased operating costs resulting in a material effect on our operating results and business. 
 
 Future acquisitions could disrupt our business and adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 
 We may choose to expand our current business by acquiring additional businesses or technologies in the future. Acquisitions involve many risks, including the following: 
 
 an acquisition may negatively affect our financial results because it may require us to incur charges (including impairment charges) or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 
 we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us; 
 
 an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 
 
 an acquisition may result in uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from either company; 
 
 we may encounter difficulties in, or may be unable to, successfully integrate or sell any acquired solutions; 
 
 an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 
 
 our use of cash to pay for an acquisition would limit other potential uses for our cash; and 
 
 if we incur debt to fund such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants. 
 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we incurred an after tax expense of 59.7 million related to the full impairment of the goodwill and definite lived technology intangibles acquired with Root AI. For example, we recently temporarily paused development of CEA technology solutions with resumption of development contingent upon financing to prioritize our core operations, which resulted in additional charges of 1.1 million related to impairment of fixed assets, as well as severance and other charges. In addition, we may only be able to conduct limited due diligence on an acquired company s operations. Following an acquisition, we may be subject to unforeseen liabilities arising from an acquired company s past or present operations and these liabilities may be greater than the warranty and indemnity limitations that we negotiate. Any unforeseen liability that is greater than these warranty and indemnity limitations could have a negative impact on our financial condition. 

Changes in existing laws or regulations, or the adoption of new laws or regulations, may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The manufacture and marketing of food products is highly regulated. We and our suppliers are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business, including the manufacture, packaging, labeling, distribution, advertising, sale, quality, and safety of our products, as well as the health and safety of our employees and/or independent contractors the protection of the environment. 
 
 26 

In the U.S., we are subject to regulation by various government agencies, including the FDA, Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ), Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), and USDA, as well as various state and local agencies. We are also regulated outside the U.S. by various international regulatory bodies. In addition, depending on customer specification, we may be subject to certain voluntary, third-party standards, such as Global Food Safety Initiative, standards and review by voluntary organizations, such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus National Advertising Division. We could incur costs, including fines, penalties and third-party claims, because of any violations of, or liabilities under, such requirements, including any competitor or consumer challenges relating to compliance with such requirements. The loss of third-party accreditation could result in lost sales and customers, and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In connection with the marketing and advertisement of our products, we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising, including under the auspices of the FTC and the consumer protection statutes of some states. 
 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate could change significantly and adversely in the future. Any change in manufacturing, labeling or packaging requirements for our products may lead to an increase in costs or interruptions in production, either of which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. New or revised government laws and regulations could result in additional compliance costs and, in the event of non-compliance, civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, withdrawals, recalls, or seizures and confiscations, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Failure by any partner farms, suppliers of raw materials or co-manufacturers to comply with food safety, environmental or other laws and regulations, or with the specifications and requirements of our products, may disrupt our supply of products and adversely affect our business. 
 
 If our suppliers, or any partner farms or co-manufacturers that we engage or may engage in the future, fail to comply with food safety, environmental, or other laws and regulations, or face allegations of non-compliance, our operations may be disrupted. Additionally, such partner farms and co-manufacturers would be required to maintain the quality of our products and to comply with our standards and specifications. In the event of actual or alleged non-compliance, we might be forced to find alternative partner farms, suppliers or co-manufacturers and we may be subject to lawsuits related to such non-compliance by such partner farms, suppliers, and co-manufacturers. As a result, our supply of produce and finished inventory could be disrupted or our costs could increase, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The failure of any future co-manufacturer to produce products that conform to our standards could adversely affect our reputation in the marketplace and result in product recalls, product liability claims, and economic loss. Additionally, actions we may take to mitigate the impact of any disruption or potential disruption in our supply of produce, including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential supply or production interruption, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to stringent environmental regulation and potentially subject to environmental litigation, proceedings, and investigations. 
 
 Our business operations and ownership and operation of real property are subject to stringent and complex federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment, and the handling and disposition of hazardous materials (including pesticides) and wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment and to occupational safety and health. In addition, we may be required to obtain and maintain environmental permits for our business operations under certain environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations, and the ability to comply with any modifications to these laws and regulations, is material to our business. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations and the issuance of injunctions delaying or prohibiting our business operations. New matters or sites may be identified in the future that will require additional investigation, assessment, or expenditures. Future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of our present properties or facilities and/or waste disposal sites could require us to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any of these events, the implementation of new laws and regulations, regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Climate change and the regulation of greenhouse gases emissions have the potential to affect our business operations. For example, the EPA has adopted regulations for the measurement and annual reporting of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases emitted from certain large facilities. In addition, both houses of Congress have considered legislation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, and a number of states have taken, or are considering taking, legal measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. In January 2021, President Biden issued the 2021 Climate Change Executive Order that, among 
 27 

other things, sets goals of a carbon pollution free power sector by 2035 and a net zero economy by 2050. This Executive Order also commenced the process for the U.S. reentering the Paris Climate Agreement. The Paris Climate Agreement provides for the cutting of carbon emissions every five years, beginning in 2023, and sets a goal of keeping global warming to a maximum limit of two degrees Celsius and a target limit of 1.5 degrees Celsius greater than pre-industrial levels. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties for non-compliance with greenhouse gas requirements. In addition, states and local governments are undertaking efforts to meet climate goals. Even if limits on greenhouse gas emissions are not directly applicable to us, they could result in increased electricity, fuel or other supply costs that may adversely affect our business. Moreover, some experts believe climate change poses potential physical risks, including an increase in sea level and changes in weather conditions, such as an increase in precipitation and extreme weather events. Our operations may be adversely affected by severe weather including tornados, lightning strikes, wind, snow, hail and rain. 
 
 We limit the use of chemical pesticides in accordance with our Chemical Pesticide Policy. Any use of chemical pesticides, as defined in our Chemical Pesticide Policy, to address any pests incidents will be disclosed, as stated in that policy, in our annual sustainability report. In any such circumstance we would use, to the extent practicable, the chemical pesticide with the lowest human toxicity, and apply such substance in a manner designed to eliminate or minimize pesticide residue on our products. Chemical pesticide use may cause reputational harm and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We use biopesticides and biofungicides as a part of an integrated crop management program whereby cultural controls are used to limit pesticide intervention. Biopesticides and biofungicides are only used where no other control step is practicable. From time to time, we use ethephon-based products, considered organophosphate pesticides by the United States EPA, as plant growth regulators to facilitate even ripening of tomatoes on the vine. The federal environmental laws to which our operations are, or may be, subject include the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) and regulations thereunder, which regulate pesticides; the Clean Air Act (CAA) and regulations thereunder, which regulate air emissions; the Clean Water Act (CWA) and regulations thereunder, which regulate the discharge of pollutants in industrial wastewater and storm water runoff; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and regulations thereunder, which regulate the management and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous solid wastes; and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) and regulations thereunder, known more commonly as Superfund, which impose liability for the remediation of releases of hazardous substances in the environment. We are also subject to regulation under OSHA and regulations thereunder, which regulate the protection of the safety and health of workers. Analogous state and local laws and regulations may also apply. 
 
 The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives could negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Any reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of government subsidies and economic incentives because of policy changes, the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the perceived success of our operations or other reasons may result in the diminished competitiveness of the CEA facility industry generally or our products in particular. This could materially and adversely affect the growth of the CEA facility markets and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems and any inadequacy, failure, interruption or security breaches of those systems may harm our ability to effectively operate our business. 
 
 We are dependent on various information technology systems, including, but not limited to, networks, applications, operating systems, and outsourced services in connection with the current and planned operation of our business. 
 
 A failure of these information technology systems to perform as anticipated could cause our business to suffer. For example, our growers are aided in their work by climate and greenhouse operations software designed by Priva B.V. If this software does not perform as anticipated, our growers may receive inadequate or erroneous information about the condition of the plants being grown, which may result in increased mitigation expenses, waste, additional labor expenses and partial or full loss of the crop. 
 
 In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, natural disasters, systems failures, viruses and security breaches. Any such damage or interruption could negatively impact our business. 
 
 28 

A cybersecurity incident or other technology disruptions could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We use or plan to use computers, software and technology in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We build and operate robotics which rely on these technologies. Our employees and/or independent contractors also use or plan to use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with team members, distributors, customers and consumers. Such uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breaches, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. Cybersecurity incidents are increasing rapidly in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, with third-party phishing and social engineering attacks, and increased with the shift toward remote or hybrid work environments as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, cyber-attacks may potentially occur as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business involves sensitive information and intellectual property, including know-how, private information about team members and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. 
 
 While we have implemented and plans to implement measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, these preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of sensitive information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers and distributors, potential liability and competitive disadvantage all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to apply technology effectively in driving value for our clients through our technology-based platforms, our results of operations, client relationships and growth could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat and opportunity presented by digital disruption and developments in technology. These may include new robotics and automation products which we seek to introduce as turnkey CEA technology solutions. We may be exposed to competitive risks related to the adoption and application of new technologies by established market participants (for example, through disintermediation) or new entrants such as technology companies and others. These new entrants are focused on using technology and innovation, including artificial intelligence, to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. If we fail to develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences and internal control standards, our value proposition and operating efficiency could be adversely affected. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. Our ability to build our technology depends on obtaining necessary capital when needed and on acceptable terms, which we may not be able to secure. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, client relationships, growth and compliance programs. 
 
 The loss of any intellectual property could enable other companies to compete more effectively with us. 
 
 We own trademarks and other proprietary rights that are important to our business, including our principal trademark, APPHARVEST. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand to consumers. We believe that the protection of our trademarks, copyrights and domain names is important to our success. We have also invested a significant amount of money in establishing and promoting our trademarked brand. In connection with our acquisition of Root AI, (now AppHarvest Technology, Inc.), we acquired nine U.S. patent applications, which, if issued, are expected to expire in 2039 to 2041, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustment. We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise and copyright protection to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our continued success depends, to a significant degree, upon our ability to protect and preserve our intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, and copyrights. 
 
 We rely on confidentiality agreements and trademark and copyright law to protect our intellectual property rights. These confidentiality agreements with our employees and certain of our consultants, contract employees, suppliers and independent contractors generally require that all confidential information be kept strictly confidential. 
 
 We cannot assure you that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights are adequate, that our intellectual property rights can be successfully defended and asserted in the future or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate any such rights. In addition, our trademark rights and related registrations may be challenged in the future and 
 29 

could be canceled or narrowed. Failure to protect our trademark rights could prevent us in the future from challenging third parties who use names and logos similar to our trademarks, which may in turn cause consumer confusion or negatively affect consumers perception of our brand and products. We also cannot offer any assurances about which of our patent applications will issue, the breadth of any resulting patent or whether any of the issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. We cannot offer any assurances that the breadth of our granted patents will be sufficient to stop a competitor from developing and commercializing robots, gripping tools and arms, and sensors that would be competitive with one or more of the technologies we are developing. Moreover, intellectual property disputes and proceedings and infringement claims may result in a significant distraction for management and significant expense, which may not be recoverable regardless of whether we are successful. Such proceedings may be protracted with no certainty of success, and an adverse outcome could subject us to liabilities, force us to cease use of certain trademarks or other intellectual property or force us to enter into licenses with others. Any one of these occurrences may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain or qualify for government grants and incentives in the future. 
 
 We applied for and received various government grants and incentives in connection with building AppHarvest Morehead, and we may in the future apply for federal and state grants, loans and tax incentives under government programs designed to stimulate the economy and support sustainable agriculture. Our ability to obtain funds or qualify for incentives from government or other sources is subject to availability of funds under applicable programs and approval of our applications to participate in such programs. The application process for these funds and other incentives will likely be highly competitive. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in obtaining or qualifying for any of these additional grants, loans and other incentives, and failure to obtain or qualify for these grants, loans and other incentives could have a negative effect on our operating costs and ability to open additional greenhouses. 
 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting estimates prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of net sales and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments involve the useful lives of fixed assets, the valuation of instruments issued for financing and stock-based compensation, and income taxes, among others. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our securities. 
 
 Our employees and independent contractors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct or other activities that violate laws and regulations, including production standards, U.S. federal and state fraud, abuse, data privacy and security laws, other similar non-U.S. laws or laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, including, without limitation, the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, imprisonment, other 
 30 

sanctions, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Adherence to our values and our focus on long-term sustainability may negatively influence our short- or medium-term financial performance. 
 
 Our values are integral to everything we do. We are committed to empowering individuals in Appalachia, driving positive environmental change in the agriculture industry and improving the lives of our employees and the community at large. We may take actions in furtherance of those goals and, therefore, our stockholders over a longer period of time, even if those actions do not maximize short- or medium-term financial results. However, these longer-term benefits may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all. For example, we are a public benefit corporation under Delaware law. As a public benefit corporation, we are required to balance the financial interests of our stockholders with the best interests of those stakeholders materially affected by our conduct, including particularly those affected by the specific benefit purpose set forth in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the amended and restated certificate of incorporation ). In addition, there is no assurance that the expected positive impact from being a public benefit corporation will be realized. Accordingly, being a public benefit corporation and complying with our related obligations could negatively impact our ability to provide the highest possible return to our stockholders. 
 
 As a public benefit corporation, we are required to publicly disclose a report at least biennially on our overall public benefit performance and on our assessment of our success in achieving our specific public benefit purpose. If we are not timely or are unable to provide this report, or if the report is not viewed favorably by parties doing business with us or regulators or others reviewing our credentials, our reputation and status as a public benefit corporation may be harmed. 
 
 While not required by Delaware law or the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we elected to have our social and environmental performance, accountability and transparency assessed against the proprietary criteria established by an independent non-profit organization. As a result of this assessment, we have been designated as a Certified B Corporation. The term Certified B Corporation does not refer to a particular form of legal entity, but instead refers to companies that are certified by an independent non-profit organization as meeting rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability and transparency. The standards for Certified B Corporation certification may change over time. These standards may not be appropriately tailored to the legal requirements of publicly traded companies or to the operational requirements of larger companies. Our reputation could be harmed if we lose our status as a Certified B Corporation, whether by our choice or by our failure to meet certification requirements, if that change in status were to create a perception that we are more focused on financial performance and are no longer as committed to the values shared by Certified B Corporations. Likewise, our reputation could be harmed if our publicly reported B Corporation score declines and that created a perception that we have slipped in our satisfaction of the Certified B Corporation standards. Similarly, our reputation could be harmed if we take actions that are perceived to be misaligned with our values. 
 
 As a public benefit corporation, our duty to balance a variety of interests may result in actions that do not maximize stockholder value. 
 
 As a public benefit corporation, our board of directors (the Board has a duty to balance (i) the pecuniary interest of our stockholders, (ii) the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct and (iii) specific public benefits identified in our charter documents. While we believe that our public benefit corporation designation and obligations will benefit our stockholders, in balancing these interests the Board may take actions that do not maximize stockholder value. Any benefits to stockholders resulting from our public benefit purposes may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all and may have negative effects. 
 
 For example: 
 
 We may choose to revise our policies in ways that we believe will be beneficial to our stakeholders, including farmers, employees, regional economic development organizations, retailers, sustainability experts at BSR, suppliers, local communities, and our internal senior management and Board members, even though the changes may be costly; 
 We may take actions, such as building state-of-the-art facilities with technology and quality control mechanisms that exceed the requirements of USDA, EPA, and the FDA, even though these actions may be more costly than other alternatives; 
 We may be influenced to pursue programs and services to demonstrate our commitment to the communities to which we serve and bringing ethically produced food to the table even though there is no immediate return to our stockholders; or 
 31 

In responding to a possible proposal to acquire the company, our Board may be influenced by the interests of our stakeholders, including farmers, employees, regional economic development organizations, retailers, sustainability experts at BSR, suppliers, local communities, and our internal senior management and Board members, whose interests may be different from the interests of our stockholders. 
 
 We may be unable or slow to realize the benefits we expect from actions taken to benefit our stakeholders, including farmers, employees, suppliers and local communities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 As a public benefit corporation, we may be subject to increased derivative litigation concerning our duty to balance stockholder and public benefit interests, the occurrence of which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Stockholders of a Delaware public benefit corporation (if they, individually or collectively, own at least 2 of its outstanding capital stock shares of at least 2.0 million in market value) are entitled to file a derivative lawsuit claiming that its directors failed to balance stockholder and public benefit interests. This potential liability does not exist for traditional corporations. Therefore, we may be subject to the possibility of increased derivative litigation, which would require the attention of management and, as a result, may adversely impact management s ability to effectively execute our strategy. Any such derivative litigation may be costly and have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our existing indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation and business growth. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate outstanding indebtedness of approximately 184.2 million, of which 
 approximately 3.8 million matures in 2023 and approximately 70.0 million matures in 2024. Our indebtedness could 
 affect our operations in many ways, including: 
 
 limiting management s discretion in operating our business and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 
 limiting funds otherwise available for financing our capital expenditures and pursuing our growth strategies by 
 requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations to the repayment of debt and the interest on this 
 debt; 
 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations under our debt and our contractual and commercial 
 commitments and increase the risk that we may default on our debt obligations; 
 
 limiting our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms or to obtain additional financing for 
 working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions or to refinance existing indebtedness; 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to downturns and adverse developments in our business, our industry or the general 
 economy and restrict us from exploiting business opportunities or making acquisitions; 
 
 making us vulnerable to rising interest rates as certain of our indebtedness may vary with prevailing interest rates; and 
 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors with lower levels of indebtedness or less restrictive 
 terms governing their indebtedness. 
 
 In addition, a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at fluctuating interest rates, some of which uses London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR ), as a benchmark for establishing the rate. The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, stopped publishing one week and 2 month U.S. Dollar, or USD, LIBOR rates after 2021 with remaining USD LIBOR rates ceasing to be published after June 30, 2023. In the United States, the U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has proposed the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury 45 securities, as an alternative to LIBOR. In addition, the overall financial markets may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of LIBOR. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but may include an increase 
 32 

in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other contractual obligations and may be forced 
 to take other actions to satisfy our debt and other obligations, which may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance or restructure our debt and other obligations and to fund 
 planned capital expenditures and expansion efforts and any strategic alliances or acquisitions we may make in the future 
 depends on our ability to generate cash in the future and our financial condition and on our operating performance, which are 
 subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our 
 control. We cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay 
 the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt and other obligations. 
 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service and other obligations, we may be forced to 
 reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our 
 debt. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our debt service and other obligations. If 
 our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service and other obligations, we could face substantial 
 liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other 
 obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, 
 and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service or other obligations then due. 
 
 Certain of our debt obligations contain covenants that are subject to interpretation. Although we do not believe we are in 
 breach of any such covenants, if a creditor under any such debt obligations decides to declare a breach of any such covenant, 
 then such creditor could exercise its rights under the applicable debt obligations, which will trigger cross-defaults in other debt 
 obligations. Such actions by creditors could require repayment of our debt before maturity, and we cannot assure you that we 
 will be able to meet such repayment obligations. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 
 If we fail to meet all applicable requirements of Nasdaq and Nasdaq determines to delist our common stock, the 
 delisting could adversely affect the market liquidity of our Common Stock and the market price of our Common Stock could 
 decrease. 
 
 On January 11, 2023, we received a letter from Nasdaq, notifying us that, for the previous 30 consecutive business day 
 periods prior to the date of the letter, the closing bid price for our Common Stock was below 1.00. In accordance with Nasdaq 
 Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) we have been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until July 10, 2023, to regain 
 compliance with Nasdaq s bid price requirement. If, at any time before July 10, 2023, the bid price for our Common Stock 
 closes at 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, we will regain compliance with the bid price 
 requirement, unless Nasdaq staff exercised its discretion to extend this 10-day period pursuant to Nasdaq rules. 
 On January 26, 2023, as a result of our Common Stock trading over 1.00 for 10 consecutive business days, we received a 
 notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Office indicating that we regained compliance with the minimum bid price 
 requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will maintain compliance with the requirements for listing our Common Stock on 
 Nasdaq. If we are unable to satisfy the Nasdaq criteria for continued listing, our Common Stock would be subject to delisting. 
 A delisting of our Common Stock could negatively impact us by, among other things, reducing the liquidity and market price of 
 our Common Stock; reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our Common Stock, which could negatively 
 impact our ability to raise equity financing; decreasing the amount of news and analyst coverage of us; and limiting our ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. In addition, delisting from Nasdaq may negatively 
 impact our reputation and, consequently, our business. 
 
 Penny stock rules may make buying or selling our securities difficult which may make our Common Stock less liquid 
 and make it harder for investors to buy and sell our securities. 
 
 Trading in our securities is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and it is anticipated that trading in our securities will continue to be subject to the penny stock rules for the foreseeable future. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer who recommends our securities to persons other than prior customers and accredited 
 33 

investors must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by these requirements may discourage broker-dealers from recommending transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the liquidity of our securities and consequently adversely affect the market price for our securities. 
 
 We have previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation of those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 
 The valuation of our Private Warrants could increase the volatility in our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of earnings (loss). 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , there were 13,241,617 warrants to purchase Common Stock outstanding, consisting of 12,190,548 public warrants Public Warrants and 1,051,069 private warrants Private Warrants and together with Public Warrants, Warrants ). The Private Warrants are held by the Novus initial stockholders. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. As further outlined in the Notes to our consolidated financial statements, the Private Warrants are classified as a liability and remeasured at fair value at each reporting date. The change in fair value of our Private Warrants is the result of changes in stock price and the number of Warrants outstanding at each reporting period. The change in fair value of warrant liabilities represents the mark-to-market fair value adjustments to the outstanding Private Warrants issued in connection with Novus s IPO. Significant changes in our stock price or number of Private Warrants outstanding may adversely affect our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements operations. 
 
 Concentration of ownership among our executive officers, directors and their affiliates may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our affiliates, executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates as a group beneficially owned approximately 23.5 of our outstanding Common Stock. As a result, these stockholders are able to exercise a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, appointment and removal of officers, any amendment of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of mergers and other business combination transactions requiring stockholder approval, including proposed transactions that would result in our stockholders receiving a premium price for their shares and other significant corporate transactions. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 
 
 Because our stock price has and will likely continue to be highly volatile, the market price for our Common Stock may be lower or more volatile than expected. 
 
 Our stock price has been highly volatile. From December 1, 2022 through January 30, 2023, the closing sale price of our Common Stock has been as low as 0.47 per share and as high as 2.64 per share. This extreme stock price volatility has been accompanied by extremely high trading volume in our Common Stock in comparison to historical experience. During this period, the average daily trading volume of our Common Stock has been approximately 3.2 million shares and on January 12, 2023, our trading volume exceeded 11.8 million shares. 
 
 The extreme increase in trading volume and volatility has not necessarily correlated to the company s announcement of material developments and often appears unrelated to changes in actual or expected operating performance. Purchases or sales of large quantities of our stock, including the establishment and/or closing of significant short positions in our stock could have 
 34 

an unusual or adverse effect on our market price. Market fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the belief that we will have poor results in the future. Abnormal trading activity, including activity that is considered market manipulation, can lead to irrational and/or temporary movements in the price of our Common Stock, which, in turn, may increase its risk and volatility. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and therefore, can offer no assurances that the market for our Common Stock will be stable or appreciate over time. 
 
 The market price of our Common Stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 
 
 threatened or actual litigation or government investigations; 
 additional sales of our securities by us, our directors, executive officers or principal stockholders; 
 our operating and financial performance, quarterly or annual earnings relative to similar companies; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 the occurrence of severe weather conditions and other catastrophes; 
 publication of research reports or news stories about us, our competitors or our industry, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, business plans or commercial relationships; 
 any major change in our Board or senior management; 
 adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; 
 short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in our securities; 
 exposure to capital market risks related to changes in interest rates, realized investment losses, credit spreads, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and performance of insurance linked investments; 
 our creditworthiness, financial condition, performance, and prospects; 
 our dividend policy and whether dividends on our Common Stock have been, and are likely to be, declared and paid from time to time; 
 perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our securities relative to other investment alternatives; 
 regulatory or legal developments; 
 changes in general market, economic, and political conditions, as well as uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions, and other macroeconomic conditions; 
 conditions or trends in our industry, geographies or customers; and 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles. 
 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation or business. For example, we are subject to securities litigation and our officers and directors are subject to a related derivative complaint, which are expensive and could divert management attention and adversely impact our business. 
 
 From time to time, we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. For example, in September 2021, a putative securities class action complaint was filed against us and certain of our officers and in March and June 2022, derivative complaints were filed against our officers and directors. These cases are still pending. See Part II, Item 8. Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our assessments and estimates. 
 
 Even when not merited, the defense of these lawsuits is expensive and may divert management s attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us, which could negatively impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future. 
 
 Furthermore, while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if the insurers prevail, the amount of our recovery. 
 
 35 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, market or competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on us. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the price and trading volume of our securities would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our shares of Common Stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our shares of Common Stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 Future sales of our Common Stock into the public market could cause the market price of our Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of Common Stock. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of Common Stock and Public Warrants. 
 
 To the extent our Warrants are exercised, additional shares of Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders of Common Stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales, or the potential sales, of substantial numbers of shares in the public market by our stockholders could increase the volatility of the market price of Common Stock or adversely affect the market price of Common Stock. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Novus s prior registration rights agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, (i) provide our stockholders with three demand registration rights; (ii) provide our stockholders and the Novus initial stockholders customary underwritten takedown rights (subject to customary priorities, minimums, frequency, and quantity limits, cutbacks, deferrals and other terms); and (iii) afford each of our stockholders and the Novus initial stockholders, on a pari passu basis, piggy back registration rights with respect to any underwritten offerings by the other stockholders and by us. The sale or possibility of sale of these additional securities trading in the public market may negatively impact the market price of our securities. 
 
 February 14, 2023, the Public Offering closed, and we issued and sold 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Recent Developments - Public Offering. In addition, we have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act registering the issuance of approximately 17.4 million shares of Common Stock subject to options or other equity awards issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. Shares registered under this registration statement on Form S-8 will be available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements, exercise of options and settlement of restricted stock units. 
 
 Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on the Common Stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell the Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in the Common Stock unless you sell your shares of Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a favorable forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against current or former directors, officers or other employees for breach of fiduciary duty, other 
 36 

similar actions, any other action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any action or proceeding concerning the validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any state court located in the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the U.S. shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This provision may limit our stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us and our directors, officers or other employees and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers and other employees. Furthermore, our stockholders may be subject to increased costs to bring these claims, and the exclusive forum provision could have the effect of discouraging claims or limiting investors ability to bring claims in a judicial forum that they find favorable. 
 
 In addition, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could rule that this provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable. In March 2020, the Delaware Supreme Court issued a decision in Salzburg et al. v. Sciabacucchi , which found that an exclusive forum provision providing for claims under the Securities Act to be brought in federal court is facially valid under Delaware law. We intend to enforce this provision, but we do not know whether courts in other jurisdictions will agree with this decision or enforce it. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 There is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money at the time they become exercisable, and they may expire worthless. 
 
 The exercise price for our Warrants is 11.50 per share of Common Stock. There is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money following the time they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, and as such, the Warrants may expire worthless. 
 
 We may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 
 
 Our Warrants are issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement, dated May 19, 2020, (the Warrant Agreement ), between us and the Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as the warrant agent. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Warrants to make any other modifications or amendments. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then- outstanding Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the Warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. 
 
 37 

We may redeem unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to Warrant holders, thereby making such Warrants worthless. 
 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants could force you (a) to exercise your Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (b) to sell your Public Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Public Warrants or (c) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Public Warrants. 
 
 In addition, we may redeem the Public Warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Common Stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the Public Warrants are out- of-the-money, in which case, you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Common Stock had your Public Warrants remained outstanding. 
 
 You will be diluted by any exercises of outstanding Warrants and outstanding options, as well as settlement of outstanding restricted stock units, and/or the sale and issuance of our Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital, or the ATM Agreement with Cowen. In addition, we may issue additional shares of Common Stock or other equity securities convertible into Common Stock without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interests and may depress the market price of the Common Stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 13,241,617 Warrants, 1,854,661 options, and 4,052,327 restricted stock units outstanding. The exercise of such Warrants or options, and the settlement of such restricted stock units, will result in dilution of your investment and could negatively impact the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 On December 15, 2021, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital pursuant to which B. Riley Principal Capital committed to purchase up to 100 million of our Common Stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. See Note 15 - Shareholders' Equity to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, we sold 3,509,685 shares of our Common Stock under the Purchase Agreement. The shares of our Common Stock that were and may be issued under the Purchase Agreement were and may be sold by us to B. Riley Principal Capital at our discretion from time to time over an approximately 24-month commencing on the Commencement Date, as defined in the Purchase Agreement. We may ultimately decide to sell more or all, of the shares of our Common Stock that may be available for us to sell to B. Riley Principal Capital pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price for the shares that we sold and may sell to B. Riley Principal Capital under the Purchase Agreement will fluctuate based on the price of our Common Stock. Depending on market liquidity at the time, sales of such shares may cause the trading price of our Common Stock to fall. 
 
 After B. Riley Principal Capital has acquired the shares from us, B. Riley Principal Capital may resell more or all of those shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion. Therefore, sales to B. Riley Principal Capital by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our Common Stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock to B. Riley Principal Capital, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. 
 
 On August 3, 2022, we entered into the ATM Agreement with Cowen, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through Cowen, shares of common stock, having an aggregate offering price up to 100 million. See Note 15 - Shareholders' Equity for additional information. 
 
 On February 9, 2023, we entered into the Underwriting Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein, relating to the Public Offering of 40,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, at a price to the public of 1.00 per share. In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, we granted the underwriters the Overallotment Option to purchase up to 6,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock. On February 14, 2023, the Public Offering closed, and we issued and sold 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock and on February 24, 2023, we issued an 
 38 

additional 6,000,000 shares under the Overallotment Option. The net proceeds from the Public Offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, were approximately 43.1 million, including the 6.0 million from the Overallotment Option. 
 
 We may also issue additional shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions or repayment of outstanding indebtedness, without stockholder approval, in a number of circumstances. 
 
 The issuance of additional shares or other equity securities of equal or senior rank would have the following effects: 
 
 existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; 
 the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease; 
 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of Common Stock may be diminished; and 
 the market price of our Common Stock may decline. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our then current management. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may delay or prevent an acquisition of our company or a change in our management. These provisions may make it more difficult for stockholders to replace or remove members of our Board. Because the Board is responsible for appointing the members of the management team, these provisions could in turn frustrate or prevent any attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. In addition, these provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of Common Stock. Among other things, these provisions include: 
 
 the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; 
 a prohibition on actions by our stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders; 
 a prohibition on actions by our stockholders by written consent; and 
 the ability of the Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a poison pill that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by the Board. 
 
 Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits a person who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. This could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring or merging with us, whether or not we are desired by, or beneficial to, our stockholders. This could also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for the Common Stock, including transactions that may be in our stockholders best interests. Finally, these provisions establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings. These provisions would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. 
 
 Our status as a public benefit corporation could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult. 
 
 While Delaware common law, as stated in Revlon, Inc. v. MacAndrews Forbes Holdings, Inc. , and related cases, may impose upon directors of a traditional corporation a duty to maximize short-term stockholder value in certain sale of the company transactions, a public benefit corporation board s decision-making would not be subject to those same constraints. As a public benefit corporation, our Board would need to take into account interests other than short-term stockholder value when evaluating a sale, and this balancing of interests may result in accepting a bid that may not maximize short-term stockholder value. This does not mean that, as a public benefit corporation, our Board s balancing of interests would preclude us from accepting a bid that maximizes short-term stockholder value. Rather, our Board would weigh the merits of accepting the short-term value offered by a bid against other options that may generate greater long-term value or have other meaningful effects on those materially affected by our conduct or public benefit purpose and, if appropriate, could accept a bid that does not maximize short-term value. Our Board would also be able to reject a bid in favor of pursuing other stakeholder interests or the specified public benefit, to the detriment of stockholders. 
 
 39 

In addition, Article VIII of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we shall not, either directly or indirectly, merge or consolidate with or into another entity if, as a result of such merger or consolidation, our capital stock would become, or be converted into or exchange for the right to receive, shares or other equity interests in a domestic or foreign corporation that is not a public benefit corporation or similar entity and the certificate of incorporation (or similar governing document) of which does not contain identical provisions to Article III of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation identifying the public benefit or public benefits, unless we have obtained, in addition to any affirmative vote required by law or by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class. This provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require us to obtain a super-majority vote in order to merge or consolidate with an entity that is not a public benefit corporation, which could discourage acquisition offers that may otherwise be beneficial to stockholders. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 If we fail to retain and motivate members of our management team or other key employees, our business and future growth prospects would be harmed. 
 
 Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our executive officers as well as other key employees. These executives and key employees have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of the business and executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand, culture and reputation with distributors and others in the industry. Reduction in force actions, such as the cost-saving measures taken in fiscal 2022, could result in difficulty in rehiring capable employees to refill the positions eliminated as needed once business recovers. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or other key employees resulting from the hiring or departure of these personnel. The loss of one or more of executive officers, or the failure by the executive team to effectively work with employees and lead the company, could harm our business. 
 
 We will continue to incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will continue to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. 
 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC and Nasdaq. Our management and other personnel need to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to comply with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased, and will continue to increase, our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time- consuming and costly. The increased costs may increase our net loss. For example, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits or incur substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar coverage as we did prior to becoming a public company. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in future uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board, our board committees or as our executive officers. 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company and have elected to comply with reduced public company reporting requirements, which could make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 Because our annual revenue was less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates was less than 560.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, we qualify again as a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. Accordingly, we may provide less public disclosure than larger public companies, including the inclusion of only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related selected financial data and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosure. We are also no longer required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different than you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result of any choice we make to reduce disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and the market price for our Common Stock may be more volatile. 
 40 

We have a significant amount of long-lived assets, which are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in 
 circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. In addition, we may never realize the full value 
 of our long-lived assets, causing us to record material impairment charges. 
 
 We are required to assess our long-lived assets, principally property and equipment, for impairment if conditions indicate 
 that an impairment may have occurred. As more fully described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, during 2022, we recorded impairment losses for certain long-lived assets. We evaluated our long-lived assets for recoverability after identifying indicators of impairment at December 31, 2022, and determined that certain assets were not recoverable and were impaired. As a result, the Company recognized a 50.1 million impairment loss at December 31, 2022, which is the amount by which the carrying value exceeded the fair value of these assets. This is in addition to the 1.1 million impairment related to the restructuring of Root AI as discussed in Note 4 - Restructuring . 
 
 The high-tech greenhouse agriculture business is extremely capital-intensive. Future impairment of long-lived assets could 
 be recorded in results of operations as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates, or circumstances, some of which are 
 beyond our control. There can be no assurance that a material impairment charge of long-lived assets will be avoided. We can 
 provide no assurance that a material impairment loss of long-lived assets will not occur in a future period, and the risk of future 
 material impairments has been significantly heightened as result of our liquidity profile. Such impairment charges could have a 
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in tax laws may materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, U.S. federal tax legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ), enacted many significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS with respect to the Tax Act may affect us, and certain aspects of the Tax Act could be repealed or modified in future legislation. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act has already modified certain provisions of the Tax Act. Recently, the United States passed the Inflation Reduction Act, which provides for a minimum tax equal to 15 of the adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations, as well as a 1 excise tax on certain share buybacks by public corporations that would be imposed on such corporations. Such tax law changes could have a material adverse impact on us. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to any newly enacted federal tax legislation. 
 
 While it is too early to assess the overall impact of these changes, as these and other tax laws and related regulations are revised, enacted, and implemented, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could have a material adverse impact. 
 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 We have incurred losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in the near future, and may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire, if at all. As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 224.2 million. 
 
 Under the Tax Act, as modified by the CARES Act, U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards generated in taxable periods beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating loss carryforwards in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act or the CARES Act. 
 
 In addition, our net operating loss carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the IRS, and state tax authorities. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), our federal net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in our ownership. An ownership change pursuant to Section 382 of the Code generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a company s stock increase their ownership by more than 
 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities may be limited as a result of ownership changes, including potential changes in connection with the business combination or other transactions. Similar 
 41 

rules may apply under state tax laws. If we earn taxable income, such limitations could result in increased future income tax liability to us and our future cash flows could be adversely affected. We have recorded a valuation allowance related to our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We have corporate offices in Lexington, Kentucky. Our facilities are used to support our operations and are currently suitable and adequate for the conduct of our business. We primarily own such facilities with the exception of our corporate offices in Lexington, Kentucky, and AppHarvest Berea. The following table sets fort the location and size of our owned and leased facilities as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Type Location Owned/Leased Approximate Size 1 
 Corporate offices Lexington, Kentucky Leased 22,000 sqft AppHarvest Morehead Morehead, Kentucky Owned 366 acres AppHarvest Berea Berea, Kentucky Leased 40 acres AppHarvest Richmond Richmond, Kentucky Owned 252 acres AppHarvest Somerset Somerset, Kentucky Owned 173 acres AppHarvest Morehead North Morehead, Kentucky Owned 200 acres 
 
 1 For CEA facilities this is the land parcel size and not the size of the greenhouse 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although the outcome of these and other claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of the current matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, depending on the nature and timing of a given dispute, an unfavorable resolution could materially affect our current or future results of operations or cash flows. For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 42 

Part II 
 Part II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Our Common Stock and Warrants are traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols APPH and APPHW , respectively. 
 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 63 holders of record of our Common Stock and 11 holders of record of our separately traded Warrants. This number does not reflect the beneficial holders of our securities who hold shares in street name through brokerage accounts or other nominees. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition and results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that OUR Board considers relevant. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 In December 2021, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital, pursuant to which we have a right to sell to B. Riley Principal Capital, up to the lesser of (i) 100 million of newly issued shares of our Common Stock and (ii) Exchange Cap, which is 20,143,404 shares of Common Stock, from time to time during the two-year term of the purchase agreement. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs 10/01/2022-10/31/2022 10,203 1.84 11/01/2022-11/30/2022 12,728 1.55 12/01/2022-12/31/2022 11,659 0.76 
 
 1 A total of 34,590 shares of Common Stock were repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to shares withheld to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations in association with the vesting of restricted stock units. These shares were not repurchased as part of a publicly announced plan or program. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 We were founded on January 19, 2018 as AppHarvest Operations, Inc. (f/k/a AppHarvest, Inc. Legacy AppHarvest ), a Delaware public benefit corporation. Together with our subsidiaries, we are a sustainable food company in Appalachia developing and operating some of the world s largest high-tech indoor farms with robotics and artificial intelligence to build a 
 43 

reliable, climate-resilient food system. Our farms are designed to grow produce using sunshine, rainwater and up to 90 less water than open-field growing, all while producing yields up to 30 times that of traditional agriculture and preventing pollution from agricultural runoff. We combine conventional agricultural techniques with cutting-edge technology, including artificial intelligence and robotics, to improve access to nutritious food, while farming more sustainably, building a domestic food supply, and increasing investment in Appalachia. 
 
 Prior to October 2020, our operations were limited to the start-up concerns of organizing and staffing, business planning, raising capital, and acquiring and developing properties for CEA. In October 2020, we partially opened AppHarvest Morehead. We harvested our first crop of beefsteak tomatoes and tomatoes on the vine in January 2021 and March 2021, respectively. In May 2021, we opened production of the full 60 acres at AppHarvest Morehead, and in November 2022 began harvesting snacking tomatoes. 
 
 In October 2022, we began shipping salad greens from AppHarvest Berea and harvesting the first strawberries from AppHarvest Somerset. AppHarvest Somerset will primarily grow strawberries, and is expected to seasonally grow cucumbers. Half of AppHarvest Richmond was planted in December 2022 and began commercial shipments in January 2023. 
 
 AppHarvest Morehead North, which is adjacent to AppHarvest Morehead, commenced construction in June 2021 and is intended to grow salad greens. We have indefinitely paused the development of the 10-acre Morehead salad greens facility, with resumption of construction contingent upon financing. 
 
 The high-tech greenhouse agriculture business is extremely capital-intensive and we expect to expend significant resources to complete the build-out of facilities under construction, to build out and start up our new CEA facilities and continue harvesting existing crops and plant and harvest new crops. These expenditures are expected to include working capital, costs of acquiring and building out new facilities, costs associated with planting and harvesting, such as the purchase of seeds and growing supplies, and the cost of attracting, developing and retaining a skilled labor force, including local labor. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise due to the unique nature of these CEA facilities and increased production in our new operating facilities at full capacity. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 We have incurred net losses of 176.6 million and 166.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We believe we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in world-class technology to increase production and commercial sales of our products. We generated negative cash flows from operations of 86.1 million and 103.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There is no guarantee when, if ever, we will become profitable. In addition, debt service requirements and our plans to continue to invest in the build-out and start-up of our new and future CEA facilities, including AppHarvest Berea, Richmond tomato facility and Somerset facility, will have an adverse impact on our liquidity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 54.3 million of cash on hand, and an accumulated deficit of 364.0 million. We continue to take actions to maintain appropriate levels of liquidity. In October 2022, we entered into a 30.0 million note and loan agreement with Mastronardi Produce-USA, Inc. Mastronardi USA and received 15.0 million upon execution followed by another 15 million in November 2022. In November 2022, we initiated a third restructuring plan to further reduce operating costs and our losses. In December 2022, we repaid the 30.0 million note and accumulated interest after entering into the Berea Sale-Leaseback Transaction, which provided us with net proceeds of 57.5 million (of which 22.5 million was required to be set aside for construction costs for AppHarvest Richmond). In addition, on February 14, 2023, the Public Offering closed, and we issued and sold 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and on February 24, 2023, the Overallotment Option closed, and we issued and sold 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock. The net proceeds from the Public Offering, and Overallotment Option, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, were approximately 42.9 million. Despite these actions, we believe there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and absent additional sources of financing, we expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will only allow us to continue our planned operations into the fourth quarter of 2023. Investors should read the section below titled Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information regarding our financial condition and ability to continue operations. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 Currently, we conduct business through one operating segment. We began generating sales during the first quarter of 2021 and conduct our operations solely in the United States. 
 
 44 

For more information about our basis of presentation, refer to Note 1 - Description of Business to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 ESG 
 
 AppHarvest is both a public benefit corporation PBC and a Certified B Corporation because we believe in collective benefit over individual gain. We believe growing healthy fruits and vegetables are good business, and new technologies can deliver cleaner produce with safer growing methods, which we believe benefits all stakeholders. We are all in this together, for good. 
 
 PBCs are for-profit corporations and, under Delaware law, our directors have a duty to balance the financial interests of stockholders, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct (including our stockholders, employees, communities, customers and suppliers), and the specific public benefits identified in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the amended and restated certificate of incorporation when making decisions. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes three specific public benefit goals: 
 
 Goal 1 Drive positive environmental change in agriculture 
 Goal 2 Empower individuals in Appalachia 
 Goal 3 Improve the lives of our employees and the communities in which we operate 
 
 In early 2021, we launched our first materiality assessment with Business for Social Responsibility BSR to further assess which ESG issues are most important to AppHarvest s stakeholders and our business success. Our stakeholders include farmers, employees, regional economic development organizations, retailers, sustainability experts at BSR, suppliers, local communities, and our internal senior management and Board members. 
 
 While our PBC charter-specific goals broadly relate to our corporate purpose and inform all other ESG efforts, our materiality assessment (which was guided by Sustainability Accounting Standards Board standards, now a resource of the International Financial Reporting Standards Foundation (the IFRS Foundation ), the United Nation s Sustainable Development Goals and the B Impact Assessment from B Lab) and B Corporation assessment will inform our specific ESG strategies. Our ESG key performance indicators KPIs will align with our material issues to measure our progress. Our first full year of operations ending on December 31, 2021 served as our baseline year for reporting ESG KPIs. 
 
 More information on our key ESG programs, goals and commitments, and key metrics can be found in our 2021 sustainability report, which is available on our website https://www.appharvest.com/. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 
 While we believe all of our ESG goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met or that they will not hinder financial or operational performance. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Nasdaq Notice 
 
 On January 11, 2023, we received a letter from Nasdaq, notifying us that, for the previous 30 consecutive business day periods prior to the date of the letter, the closing bid price for our Common Stock was below 1.00. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until July 10, 2023, to regain compliance with Nasdaq s bid price requirement. If, at any time before July 10, 2023, the bid price for our Common Stock closed at 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, we would regain compliance with the bid price requirement, unless Nasdaq staff exercised its discretion to extend this 10-day period pursuant to Nasdaq rules. 
 
 On January 26, 2023, as a result of our Common Stock trading over 1.00 for 10 consecutive business days, we received a notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Office indicating that we regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). 
 
 45 

Public Offering 
 
 On February 9, 2023, we entered into the Underwriting Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein, relating to the Public Offering of 40,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, at a price to the public of 1.00 per share. On February 14, 2023, the Public Offering closed and we issued and sold 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock to the underwriters. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, we granted the underwriters the Overallotment Option to purchase up to 6,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock. The underwriter exercised the Overallotment Option on February 22, 2023, to purchase 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock and on February 24, 2023, we issued the 6,000,000 shares under the Overallotment Option. The net proceeds from the Public Offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, were approximately 42.9 million, including the 6.0 million from the Overallotment Option. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 We have expended, and expect to continue to expend, substantial resources as we: 
 continue the build-out and start-up of AppHarvest Richmond and invest in additional CEA facilities in the future; 
 
 finalize construction of Berea salad greens facility and Somerset facility; 
 
 continue our third growing season at AppHarvest Morehead, which began during the third quarter of 2022, and plant and harvest new crops at AppHarvest Berea, AppHarvest Richmond, and AppHarvest Somerset, including future growing seasons; 
 fulfill our obligations under the Purchase and Marketing Agreement with Mastronardi; 
 identify and invest in future growth opportunities, including new or expanded facilities and new product lines; 
 invest in sales and marketing efforts to increase brand awareness, engage customers and drive sales of our products; 
 invest in product innovation and development; and 
 incur additional general and administrative expenses, including increased finance, legal and accounting expenses, associated with being a public company and expanding operations. 
 
 Business Combination and Public Company Costs 
 On January 29, 2021, we consummated the Business Combination. Upon consummation of the Business Combination and the closing of the concurrent private placement of the 37,500 shares of our Common Stock (the PIPE ), the most significant change in our reported financial position and results of operations was an increase in cash and cash equivalents of approximately 435.2 million, including 375.0 million in gross proceeds from the PIPE. 
 
 As a consequence of the Business Combination, we became the successor to an SEC-registered and Nasdaq-listed company, which requires us to hire additional personnel and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We expect to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative resources, including increased audit and legal fees. 
 46 

Key Components of Statement of Operations 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with United States GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP measures, such as Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted gross loss, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. We define and calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net loss before the impact of interest income or expense, income tax expense or benefit, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude: stock-based compensation expense, Business Combination transaction-related costs, restructuring and impairment costs, remeasurement of warrant liabilities, start-up costs for new CEA facilities, Root AI acquisition related costs and certain other non-core items. We define and calculate Adjusted gross profit/(loss) as gross profit/(loss) adjusted to exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation expense related to cost of goods sold. We believe these non-GAAP measures of financial results provide useful information to management and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Our management uses these non-GAAP measures for trend analyses and for budgeting and planning purposes. 
 
 We believe that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provide additional tools for investors to use in evaluating operating results and trends. Other similar companies may present different non-GAAP measures or calculate similar non-GAAP measures differently. Management does not consider these non-GAAP measures in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The principal limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures is that they exclude significant expenses that are required to be presented in our GAAP financial statements. Because of this limitation, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted gross loss alongside other financial performance measures, including net loss, gross loss, and our other financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Net sales 
 
 Substantially all of our net sales in 2022 and 2021 were generated from the sale of tomatoes, and to a lesser extent salad greens and strawberries, under an agreement with one customer, Mastronardi. Net sales include revenues earned from the sale of our products, less commissions, shipping, distribution and other costs incurred as defined in our customer agreements. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Cost of goods sold (COGS) consists of expenses incurred related to the production of inventory sold to customers. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted of payroll and payroll related expenses, stock-based compensation, professional services and legal fees, licenses and registration fees, insurance, depreciation, rent and various other personnel and office related costs. SG A also includes start-up expenses related to pre-commencement commercial activities for tomatoes on the vine at AppHarvest Morehead in 2021 and new CEA facilities which were under construction and ramping up operations in 2022. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Impairment 
 
 There was no impairment related to goodwill or other intangibles during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, w e recorded goodwill impairment expense and other intangible impairment expense of 59.9 million , for a non-cash charge of 59.7 million, net of tax of 0.2 million, to fully impair the carrying value of goodwill and definite lived intangible assets included in our acquisition of Root AI. The impairment reflected current market valuations and strategic investment requirements as we continue to develop commercial technologies through AppHarvest Technology, Inc. 
 
 Fixed Asset Impairment 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a fixed asset impairment charge of 50.1 million to reduce the book value of our CEA facilities, and machinery and equipment therein, to an estimated fair value. 
 
 47 

Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relates to long-term debt to help finance the construction of our CEA facilities and has been capitalized as a component of the cost of those facilities . Interest expense from related parties for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to the finance lease and financing obligation for AppHarvest Morehead which were settled upon purchase of Morehead Farm on March 1, 2021 and the convertible note that was converted to Common Stock upon completion of the Business Combination on January 29, 2021. Note 10 - Debt to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our historical operating results for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Dollars in thousands) Net sales 14,592 9,050 5,542 Cost of goods sold 56,995 41,938 15,057 Gross loss (42,403) (32,888) (9,515) Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 81,266 107,245 (25,979) Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment 59,901 (59,901) Fixed asset impairment 50,101 50,101 Total operating expenses: 131,367 167,146 (35,779) Loss from operations (173,770) (200,034) 26,264 Other income (expense): Interest expense from related parties (658) 658 Change in fair value of Private Warrants 111 35,047 (34,936) Other (480) 448 (928) Loss before income taxes (174,139) (165,197) (8,942) Income tax expense (2,507) (989) (1,518) Net loss (176,646) (166,186) (10,460) 
 48 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Dollars in thousands) Net loss (176,646) (166,186) (10,460) Interest expense from related parties 658 (658) Interest income (769) (277) (492) Income tax expense 2,507 989 1,518 Depreciation and amortization expense 16,354 10,794 5,560 EBITDA (158,554) (154,022) (4,532) Fixed asset impairment 50,101 50,101 Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment 59,901 (59,901) Change in fair value of Private Warrants (111) (35,047) 34,936 Stock-based compensation expense 26,918 40,910 (13,992) Issuance of common stock for commitment shares 1,006 (1,006) Transaction success bonus on completion of Business Combination 1,500 (1,500) Start-up costs for new CEA facilities (1) 
 2,873 2,873 Restructuring and Root AI fixed asset impairment costs 5,529 946 4,583 Business Combination transaction costs 13,883 (13,883) Berea sale leaseback transaction costs 1,225 1,225 Root AI Acquisition costs 1,032 (1,032) Adjusted EBITDA (72,019) (69,891) (2,128) 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of gross loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted gross loss: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Dollars in thousands) Net sales 14,592 9,050 5,542 Cost of goods sold 56,995 41,938 15,057 Gross loss (42,403) (32,888) (9,515) Depreciation and amortization 12,072 8,310 3,763 Stock-based compensation expense 666 1,880 (1,214) Adjusted gross loss (29,665) (22,698) (6,967) 
 
 The following sections discuss and analyze the changes in the significant line items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 14.6 million compared to 9.1 million for the prior year. The increase of 5.5 million, or 61 , was due to higher tomato sales prices, and the introduction of strawberries and salad greens to our portfolio of Products during the year ended December 31, 2022. These increases were offset by mitigation efforts related to the plant health issue at AppHarvest Morehead, which led us to remove some extra rows in the affected area out of an abundance of caution and re-plant with new seedlings, and active pests at AppHarvest Somerset which impacted approximately half of our strawberry plants. We replanted approximately half of the effected portion with strawberries, and will be using the remaining impacted section to test cucumber packaging equipment and harvesting capabilities ahead of the cucumber season. 
 49 

We expect the strawberry pest issue to create headwinds for the remainder of the strawberry season as we navigate our first season at AppHarvest Somerset. In comparison, net sales for the year December 31, 2021 were adversely impacted by labor and productivity investments associated with the training and development of the new workforce at AppHarvest Morehead and low market prices for tomatoes through the end of the first harvest, which rebounded in the fourth quarter. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 COGS for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 57.0 million compared to 41.9 million for the prior year. The increase of 15.1 million, or 36 , was due to increased sales with Morehead being fully operational during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the phased launch during the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as increased overhead and material costs associated with starting operations at AppHarvest Berea and AppHarvest Somerset. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 
 SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 81.3 million compared to 107.2 million for the prior year. The decrease of 26.0 million, or 24 , was primarily due to reduction in stock compensation expense of 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, lower salaries and wages due to restructuring initiatives, and decreased professional fees, partially offset by new facility start up costs. SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 also includes 1.1 million of fixed asset impairment costs associated with the restructuring of Root AI. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a non-cash charge of 59.7 million, net of tax of 0.2 million, to fully impair the carrying value of goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets included in the acquisition of Root AI. We did not incur any impairment related to goodwill or intangible assets in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Fixed Asset Impairment 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a non-cash fixed asset impairment charge of 50.1 million to reduce the carrying value of certain long-lived assets to an estimated fair value. There were no fixed asset impairment charges recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, as well as Critical Accounting Estimates within this section, for more information regarding this impairment charge. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was incurred on long-term debt used to help finance the construction of our CEA facilities and has been capitalized as a component of the cost of those facilities. Interest expense from related parties for the year-ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to the finance lease and financing obligation for AppHarvest Morehead which were settled upon purchase of Morehead Farm on March 1, 2021, and the convertible note that was converted to Common Stock upon completion of the Business Combination on January 29, 2021. 
 
 Other 
 
 Other expense for the years ending December 31, 2022, and 2021, was primarily attributable to foreign exchange currency (losses)/gains. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective income tax rate was (1.4) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to (0.6) for the prior year. The variance from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to a change in our valuation allowance related to our net operating loss carryforwards, non-deductible goodwill and intangible asset impairment expense and stock-based compensation expense, offset by the non-taxable change in the private warrant valuation. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 
 50 

At December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 364.0 million. We have incurred losses and generated negative cash flows from operations since our inception in 2018. We expect to continue to incur losses and negative cash flows from operating expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue construction, build-out and start-up of our existing CEA facilities and ramp up operations and production at our new CEA facilities. In addition, our material cash requirements, as described below, will have an adverse impact on our liquidity. 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 54.3 million and 150.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect that we will need additional capital to continue to fund our operations. Currently, our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from the proceeds from debt and equity financings, our Berea Sale-Leaseback Transaction, our common stock purchase agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital, our at-the-market offering program (the ATM w ith Cowen, the Public Offering and revenues from the sale of our tomatoes, salad greens and strawberries. Based on our current operating plan, we plan to rely on the remaining availability of 97.6 million under our ATM pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of Common Stock, and our ability to sell an additional approximately 16.4 million shares of our Common Stock to B. Riley Principal Capital, pursuant and subject to the limitations of the Purchase Agreement. However, our ability to use these sources of capital is dependent on a number of factors, including the prevailing market price of and the volume of trading in our Common Stock. The current volatility in the equity markets, coupled with the trading price of our Common Stock, create additional challenges to raising a sufficient amount of capital through equity financing in the near term. 
 
 We will need to raise additional funds in order to operate our business, meet obligations as they become due and continue the ongoing construction, build-out and start-up of our CEA facilities. We are pursuing additional financing alternatives, which include third-party equity or debt financing, or other sources, such as strategic relationships and other transactions with third parties, that may or may not include business combination transactions. However, financing may not be available to us in the necessary time frame, in amounts that we require, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise the necessary funds when needed, it may materially and adversely impact our ability to execute on our operating plans, and the construction, build-out and start-up of our future CEA facilities could be delayed, scaled back, or abandoned. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In the absence of additional sources of financing, we expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will only allow us to continue our planned operations into the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 
 Cash requirements for the next twelve months are expected to consist primarily of our current payroll, working capital 
 requirements, planned capital expenditures, and debt service requirements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent 156.8 million on capital expenditures. Although we expect to incur approximately 60 million to 65 million more in capital expenditures during the next twelve months, dependent on the continued availability of financing on acceptable terms, we have already contributed approximately 9.8 million of the capital expenditure requirements into a reserve account from the proceeds of the Sale-Leaseback Transaction. This 9.8 million is reflected in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. As a result, the net impact to our liquidity for the remaining capital expenditures is expected to be approximately 50 million to 55 million over the next twelve months. The increase in our projected capital expenditures is due to construction delays and supply chain disruptions. This is in addition to enhancements in scope for the construction of our Berea salad greens facility, Somerset facility and Richmond facility related to automation and configuration of equipment, food safety, and office space which have expanded in size from the original scope. For risks related to delays in construction of our CEA facilities, please refer to Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors, A ny damage to or problems with our CEA facilities or delays in land acquisition or construction, could severely impact our operations and financial condition , and We build CEA facilities, which may be subject to unexpected costs and delays due to reliance on third parties for construction, material delivery, supply-chains and fluctuating material prices . 
 
 In the long-term, our cash requirements are expected to be associated with planting and harvesting our crops, acquiring and 
 building out new facilities, investment and development in CEA technology, attracting, developing and retaining a skilled labor 
 force, and working capital. 
 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of our common stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of those securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants that will further limit or restrict our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt or making capital expenditures. If we raise additional funds through collaborations with third parties, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, or future revenue streams. 
 
 51 

Our failure to raise capital as and when needed could have significant negative consequences for our business, financial 
 condition and results of consolidated operations. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will 
 depend on many factors, including those set forth in the section titled Risk Factors . 
 
 For a discussion of our future funding requirements, please refer to Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors, There is substantial 
 doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and we will require significant additional financing to achieve our 
 goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit, 
 reduce or terminate our operations and future growth . 
 
 Public Offering 
 
 On February 9, 2023, we entered into the Underwriting Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein, relating to the Public Offering of 40,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, at a price to the public of 1.00 per share. On February 14, 2023, the Public Offering closed and we issued and sold 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock to the underwriters. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, we granted the underwriters the Overallotment Option to purchase up to 6,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock. The underwriters exercised the Overallotment Option on February 22, 2023, to purchase 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock and on February 24, 2023, we issued the 6,000,000 shares under the Overallotment Option. The net proceeds from the Public Offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, were approximately 42.9 million, including the 6.0 million from the Overallotment Option. 
 
 At-the-Market Offering 
 
 We filed a shelf registration on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement ). Pursuant to the Registration Statement, we may 
 offer and sell securities having an aggregate public offering price of up to 300 million. In connection with the filing of the 
 Registration Statement, we also entered into the ATM Agreement with Cowen pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from 
 time to time, through Cowen, shares of our Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 100 million under the 
 ATM, which is included in the 300 million of securities that may be offered pursuant to the Registration Statement. We are not 
 obligated to sell any shares under the ATM Agreement. Pursuant to the ATM Agreement, we will pay Cowen a commission of 
 up to 3 of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of shares and reimburse certain legal fees. As of December 31, 2022, we have 
 sold 2.4 million worth of Common Stock under the ATM for net proceeds of 2.3 million, leaving 97.6 million available to 
 be sold. 
 
 Purchase Agreement 
 
 We have entered into the Purchase Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital, pursuant to which we have the right to sell 
 to B. Riley Principal Capital up to the lesser of (i) 100 million of newly issued shares of our Common Stock and (ii) the exchange cap, which is 20.1 million shares of our Common Stock (subject to certain limitations and conditions), from time to 
 time during the 24-month term of the Purchase Agreement. Sales, and the timing of any sales, are solely at our option, and we 
 are under no obligation to sell any securities to B. Riley Principal Capital under the Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 
 2022, we have sold an aggregate 3.5 million shares of Common Stock, for aggregate net proceeds of 10.1 million. As of 
 December 31, 2022, there were 16.4 million shares reserved for future sale pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Debt Facilities 
 
 Mastronardi Note and Loan Agreement 
 
 On October 24, 2022, AppHarvest Berea Farm, LLC, our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, entered into a note and loan agreement (the Note and Loan Agreement" in the principal amount of 30.0 million (the Note with Mastronardi USA. Pursuant to the Note and Loan Agreement, Mastronardi USA agreed to advance 15.0 million upon the execution of the agreement and further amounts of up to 15.0 million provided that no event of default had occurred under the Note and certain other conditions had been met. The first tranche of 15.0 million was funded on October 25, 2022, the second in November 2022. The maturity date had extension options for two successive terms of thirty days each to January 18, 2023 and February 17, 2023, respectively, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including that we shall have agreed to the material terms for a sale leaseback transaction with Mastronardi USA, its affiliate or another third party. We exercised the first extension and then repaid the Note at the completion of the sale leaseback transaction with Mastronardi USA in December 2022. 
 52 

GNCU Loan Agreement 
 
 On July 29, 2022, we entered into a loan agreement with Greater Nevada Credit Union (the GNCU Loan Agreement for an original principal amount of 50.0 million. The GNCU Loan has a maturity of 23 years with interest-only monthly payments on the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the GNCU Loan for the first 36 months. Thereafter, we will make 239 monthly installments of principal and interest based on a 20-year amortization, with the remaining balance of principal and interest due upon maturity. The initial interest rate is fixed at 6.45 per annum for the first five years of the GNCU Loan term. Thereafter, the interest rate is subject to change every five years during the term of the GNCU Loan, based on the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines 5-Year Advance Rate as of such dates, plus a 3.40 spread, with an interest rate floor of 4.75 . The proceeds of the GNCU Loan were used at closing to, in part, pay off the JPM Loan (subsequently defined) and accrued interest, of approximately 45.7 million, and to pay the closing costs, loan fees, and other costs of entering into the GNCU Loan. The GNCU Loan is recorded at cost, net of debt issuance costs of 2.6 million. The GNCU Loan required us to contribute 3.3 million to be held in an interest reserve account and 19.1 million in a project account, to be used to pay interest and the balance of project cost for AppHarvest Somerset in excess of the loan, respectively. The balance of these amounts are reflected in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Rabo Loan Agreement 
 
 On June 15, 2021, we entered into a master credit agreement with Rabo AgriFinance LLC for a real estate term loan in the original principal amount of 75.0 million (the Rabo Loan ). The Rabo Loan matures on April 1, 2031, with quarterly interest payments commencing on July 1, 2021 and quarterly principal payments commencing on January 1, 2022, with the remaining balance of principal and interest due upon maturity. Payments are based on one month LIBOR plus 2.500 per annum. The Rabo Loan is collateralized by the business assets of the first Morehead CEA facility and requires compliance with financial covenants. On July 29, 2022, we obtained a waiver from Rabo AgriFinance LLC whereby we were no longer required to measure or report the current ratio for the June 30, 2022 reporting period but will begin to report the current ratio covenant compliance for the December 31, 2022, reporting period. The change aligns all measurements of material financial covenants to begin with the December 31, 2022, measurement date. In exchange, we agreed to fund an additional 2.0 million to a reserve account. At June 30, 2022, we would not have met the current ratio requirement for the Morehead CEA subsidiary. Our liability under the Rabo Loan was 71.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equilibrium Loan Agreement 
 
 On July 23, 2021, we entered into a credit agreement with CEFF II AppHarvest Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Equilibrium for a construction loan in the original principal amount of 91.0 million (the Construction Loan for the development of a CEA facility at our property in Richmond, Kentucky (the Project ). The Construction Loan provides monthly disbursements to fund capital costs of the Project in excess of our required equity contribution of 34.5 of the capital costs of the Project. The Construction Loan requires monthly interest payments based on drawn capital at an initial interest rate of 8.000 per annum, which will increase by 0.2 per annum, beginning two years after closing of the Construction Loan through maturity, which is expected to be July 23, 2024, with no required principal payments until maturity. On July 29, 2022, we amended the credit agreement with Equilibrium to require that we decrease the balance of the Construction Loan to 81.0 million on or prior to December 31, 2022 and further decrease the balance to 76.0 million on or prior to March 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 , we had 66.3 million outstanding on the Construction Loan. 
 
 Berea Facility 
 
 On December 23, 2022, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with the Buyer, for the Berea Land and the Berea Property for a sale price of 125.0 million. The Buyer is a joint venture between Mastronardi, our exclusive marketing partner for all fresh fruits and vegetables grown in Kentucky and West Virginia pursuant to our Purchase and Marketing Agreement, and COFRA Holding. The purchase price was determined based on an appraisal of the Property. 
 
 The Purchase Agreement was finalized on December 27, 2022 and coincided with the Sale-Leaseback Transaction for net proceeds to us of 57.5 million, of which 22.5 million was set aside for enhancement costs for our Richmond tomato facility, after giving effect to the paydown of the Note owed to Mastronardi Produce-USA, Inc, the payment of 19.1 million in prepaid rent under the Berea Lease, the payment and holding back of amounts owed and estimated to be incurred for completion of the facility located on the Property, and transaction fees, taxes and expenses. 
 
 53 

Concurrently with the closing of the Sale-Leaseback Transaction, we entered into the Lease. The Lease is repayable over an initial term of 10 years, with four renewal options of five years each. The total annual rent under the Lease shall initially be 9.5 million per year, and shall increase annually starting after the second lease year. We are entitled to a rent credit equal to 25 of the marketing fees received by Mastronardi prior to the third anniversary of the commencement of the Lease, with respect to products grown or produced at the facilities owned by the Company and located in Morehead, Richmond and Somerset, Kentucky. See Note 11- Commitments and Contingencies for more information about the Berea Sale-Leaseback Transaction. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 A summary of our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities is presented in the following table: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Net cash used in operating activities (86,129) (103,924) 17,795 Net cash used in investing activities (179,682) (315,409) 135,727 Net cash provided by financing activities 168,032 573,734 (405,702) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 176,311 21,909 154,402 Cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash), end of period 78,532 176,311 (97,778) 
 Net Cash used in Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 86.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 103.9 million in the prior year. The decrease of 17.8 million, or 17 , reflects non-recurring material expenditures, including 13.8 million for transaction costs related to the Business Combination that were incurred in 2021 and payment of utility and hedge program deposits that were made in 2021, partially offset by increased operating expenses in 2022 related to full production at AppHarvest Morehead, and the commencement of planting and harvesting at our Somerset, Berea, and Richmond CEA facilities. 
 
 Net Cash used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 179.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 315.4 million for the prior year. The decrease of 135.7 million, or 43 , was primarily due to expenditures of 123.0 million for the purchase of AppHarvest Morehead from Equilibrium that we completed on March 1, 2021, 9.8 million for the acquisition of Root AI, and a 5.0 million investment in an unconsolidated entity in the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was partially offset by an increase of 5.4 million in capital expenditures related to purchases of property and equipment primarily related to construction of our Richmond, Berea, and Somerset CEA facilities and cash of 1.1 million received for our sale of the land associated with AppHarvest Berea, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Net Cash provided by Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 168.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 573.7 million for the prior year. The decrease of 405.7 million, or 71 was primarily due to the proceeds from the Business Combination of approximately 448.5 million received during the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily offset by the combined proceeds from the financing transaction related to the Berea Sale-Leaseback Transaction and repayments of debt in the aggregate amount of 44.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
 54 

Long-lived Asset Impairment 
 
 Long-lived assets are assessed for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets at an individual CEA facility level, which we consider to be the lowest level for which independent identifiable cash flows are available. Indicators of impairment might include persistent negative economic trends affecting the markets we serve, recurring losses or lowered expectations of future cash flows to be generated by our CEA facilities, and declines in the market price of our long-lived assets. When necessary, the amount of impairment is determined based on the excess of carrying value over the estimated fair value of the assets. Judgment and estimation are required in assessing long-lived assets for impairment, including whether events or changes in circumstances require an impairment assessment and the determination of fair value. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and throughout the fourth quarter, we experienced a significant decline in the market value of our Common Stock. Because our CEA facilities represent the vast majority of our net asset value and all of our future earnings potential, we viewed the decline in our market value as an indicator of long-lived asset impairment. In addition, our history of current and historical operating and cash flow losses combined with projections of operating and cash flow losses for the foreseeable future are also factors we considered. While our CEA facilities are relatively new construction and we remain optimistic on the long-term value of controlled environment agriculture to address systemic issues with food production, the decline in our market value caused us to re-assess the recoverability of our asset groups. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 50.1 million to reduce the carrying value of real and personal property associated with our CEA facilities to their estimated fair value. In estimating the fair value of the real and personal property within each asset group, we engaged valuation specialists to estimate the price that would be received to sell the asset groups in an orderly transaction between market participants. Due to the specialized nature of the CEA asset groups, the age, and significant amount of construction in progress, only the cost approach was fully developed for our asset groups. Specifically, fair value was determined by the Company s valuation specialists using a cost-approach methodology that applied market trend factors to original cost data to arrive at an estimate of fair value. The contributory value of the land at each site was valued utilizing the sales comparison approach. The income approach was excluded as the appraised properties consist of large, specialized facilities. An investigation of the marketplace did not reveal sufficient arm s-length lease data relating to comparable facilities from which to derive a market rent or comparable rates of return for this analysis of the real property. It would be difficult, if not totally speculative, to estimate the value of the property based on a prospective income stream given the start-up nature of the Company s operations. 
 
 We recognized a 1.1 million impairment charge for certain technology property and equipment that will no longer be utilized following our alignment of our technology initiatives with our core farm operations. 
 
 The Company did not recognize any long-lived asset impairment charges during 2021. 
 
 Private Warrants 
 
 We account for our Private Warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , under which we have determined that the Private Warrants are recognized as liabilities at fair value and subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised. Changes in fair value of the Private Warrants are recognized in our audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the Private Warrants is estimated at each measurement date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of our stock option awards and Private Warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is subject to uncertainty and requires the input of the following assumptions: 
 
 Fair Value of Common Stock Historically, as there had been no public market for our Common Stock, the fair value of the Common Stock for stock-based awards was determined by the Board based in part on valuations of the Common Stock prepared by a third-party valuation firm. Since the closing of the Business Combination, the fair value of each share of Common Stock underlying stock-based awards and our Private Warrants is based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by Nasdaq on the date of the grant. 
 
 Expected Term The expected term of the options represents the average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding. As we do not have sufficient historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior, the expected term of options granted is derived from the average midpoint between the weighted average vesting and the contractual term, also known as the simplified method. For the Private Warrants, the expected term is the time from transaction date to expiration in years. 
 55 

Expected Volatility As we were not a public company before the closing of the Business Combination, and did not have any trading history for Common Stock, the expected volatility for the stock-based awards was based on the historical volatility of the Common Stock of comparable publicly traded companies. Since the closing of the Business Combination, our expected volatility is primarily based on the trading history for our Common Stock. 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes as of the grant date with maturities commensurate with the expected term of the awards. 
 
 Expected Dividends The expected dividends assumption is based on the expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future; therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 
 Assumptions used in applying the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of Private Warrants involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and significantly different assumptions or estimates are used, our Private Warrant liabilities could be materially different. 
 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The net realizable value of inventories represents the estimated selling price for inventories in the ordinary course of business, less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. The determination of net realizable value is subject to uncertainty and requires judgment, including consideration of factors such as expected future selling price the Company expects to realize by selling the inventory and the contractual arrangements with customers. The estimates are made at a point in time, using available information, expected business plans and expected market conditions. As a result, the actual amount received on sale could differ from the estimated value of inventory. Periodic reviews are performed on the inventory balance. The impact of changes in inventory reserves is reflected in cost of goods sold. 

Recent Accounting Guidance 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard setting bodies that we adopt as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations under adoption. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Because we are considered to be a smaller reporting company under SEC rules and regulations, we are not required to provide the information required by this item in this report. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements of AppHarvest, Inc. for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 63 
 
 56 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppHarvest, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AppHarvest, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, incurred negative cash flows from operating activities since inception, and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters also are described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversite Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

57 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
 Description of the matter 
 
 As more fully described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, during 2022, the Company recorded impairment losses for certain long-lived assets. The Company evaluated its long-lived assets for recoverability after identifying indicators of impairment at December 31, 2022, and determined that certain assets associated with the controlled environment agriculture (CEA) facilities were not recoverable and were impaired. As a result, the Company recognized a 50.1 million impairment loss at December 31, 2022, which is the amount by which the carrying value exceeded the fair value of these assets. Auditing the valuation of the Company s long-lived assets was complex due to the specialized nature of the CEA assets, the age, and the significant amount of construction in progress. These factors required complex judgment as to the appropriate valuation methodology and inputs to utilize. Specifically, fair value was determined by the Company s valuation specialists using a cost-approach methodology that applied market trend factors to original cost data to arrive at an estimate of fair value. The contributory value of the land was valued utilizing the sales comparison approach. How we addressed the matter in our audit 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the identification and timing of impairment indicators and the Company s selection of the cost approach valuation methodology. We also evaluated the reasonableness of the contributory land value and market trend factors by comparing to external data. The audit procedures involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the valuation methodology and inputs utilized. We also tested the underlying data used by the Company and its valuation specialist in its analyses for completeness and accuracy. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 15, 2023 

58 

AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Property and equipment, net Other assets, net Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Lease liabilities, net of current portion Financing obligation Deferred income tax liabilities Private Warrant liabilities Other liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 
 Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value , shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 59 

AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross loss ) ) Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment Fixed asset impairment charge Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense from related parties ) Change in fair value of Private Warrants Other ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives contracts, net of tax ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 60 

AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Gain Common Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Business Combination and PIPE financing Conversion of Private Warrants Exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock for business combination Vesting of restricted stock, net of taxes paid ) ) Issuance of stock options for business combination Issuance of common stock in connection with equity line of credit Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock options exercised Stock-based compensation Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Conversion of Private Warrants Stock options exercised Issuance of common stock under the Purchase Agreement Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock, net Vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive gain Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 61 

AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of Private Warrants ) ) Deferred income tax provision Depreciation and amortization Fixed asset impairment Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for commitment shares Rent payments in excess of average rent expense, net ) ) Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets, net ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of property and equipment from a related party ) Proceeds from sale of land Cost of acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Investment in unconsolidated entity ) Advances on construction ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from Business Combination and PIPE Shares, net Proceeds from debt Repayments of debt ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from financing obligation, net Payments on financing obligation ) Payments on financing obligation to a related party ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of warrants Payments of withholding taxes on restricted stock conversions ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net cash provided by financing activities Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of period Less restricted cash at the end of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period Non-cash activities Fixed assets purchases in accounts payable Fixed assets purchases in accrued liabilities Termination of operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

1. 
 
 -acre flagship farm in Morehead, Kentucky AppHarvest Morehead ), producing tomatoes, a -acre indoor farm for salad greens in Berea, Kentucky AppHarvest Berea ), a -acre farm for strawberries and cucumbers in Somerset, Kentucky AppHarvest Somerset ), and a -acre farm in Richmond, Kentucky AppHarvest Richmond ), for tomatoes. The -farm network consists of acres under glass. 
 
 AppHarvest is organized as a single operating segment. Substantially all of the assets and operations of AppHarvest are located in the United States U.S. ). 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 On January 29, 2021, (the Closing Date ), Novus Capital Corporation Novus ), a special purpose acquisition company, consummated the business combination agreement and plan of reorganization (the Business Combination Agreement dated September 2020, by and among ORGA, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Novus Merger Sub ), and AppHarvest Operations, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a AppHarvest, Inc.) Legacy AppHarvest ). 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination between Novus and Legacy AppHarvest was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy AppHarvest, with Legacy AppHarvest surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novus (the Merger and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). On the Closing Date, Novus changed its name to AppHarvest, Inc. 
 
 The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization (the Reverse Recapitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, Novus is treated as the acquired company and Legacy AppHarvest is treated as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes. The Reverse Recapitalization was treated as the equivalent of Legacy AppHarvest issuing stock for the net assets of Novus, accompanied by a recapitalization. 
 
 Legacy AppHarvest was determined to be the accounting acquirer based on the following predominant factors: 
 
 Legacy AppHarvest stockholders have the largest portion of voting rights in the Company; 
 
 The Board and Management are primarily composed of individuals associated with Legacy AppHarvest; and 
 
 Legacy AppHarvest was the larger entity based on historical operating activity and Legacy AppHarvest had the larger employee base at the time of the Business Combination. 
 
 In connection or concurrent with the Business Combination: 
 
 Each share of Legacy AppHarvest redeemable convertible preferred stock that was issued and outstanding prior to the Business Combination was automatically converted into shares of Legacy AppHarvest common stock, such that each converted share of redeemable convertible preferred stock was no longer outstanding and ceased to exist. 
 
 Novus assumed an outstanding convertible note issued by Legacy AppHarvest (the Legacy AppHarvest Convertible Note after the date of the Business Combination Agreement and before the Merger. At the time of the Merger, the outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest due on the Legacy AppHarvest Convertible Note were converted into shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value per share (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Legacy AppHarvest Convertible Note, and such converted Legacy AppHarvest Convertible Note was no longer outstanding and ceased to exist, and any liens securing obligations under the Legacy AppHarvest Convertible Note were released. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

shares (the Exchange Ratio of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 Each option to purchase Legacy AppHarvest Common Stock that was outstanding, whether vested or unvested, was converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of the Company s Common Stock equal to the product(rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (i) the number of shares of Legacy AppHarvest Common Stock subject to such Legacy AppHarvest option and (ii) the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (A) the exercise price per share of such Legacy AppHarvest option, divided by (B) the Exchange Ratio. 
 
 Each restricted stock unit awarded by Legacy AppHarvest that was outstanding, whether vested or unvested, was converted into an award of restricted stock units to acquire a number of shares of the Company Common Stock equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (1) the number of shares of Legacy AppHarvest Common Stock subject to the Legacy AppHarvest restricted stock unit award and (2) the Exchange Ratio. 
 
 On the Closing Date, a number of purchasers purchased from the Company an aggregate of shares of Common Stock in a private placement pursuant to separate subscription agreement (the PIPE investment ), for per share and an aggregate purchase price of . 
 
 The Company s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, increase the total number of authorized shares of all classes of capital stock to shares, of which shares were designated Common Stock, par value per share, and shares designated preferred stock, par value per share. 
 
 These transactions, together with the Business Combination, are collectively referred to as the Recapitalization Transaction . Upon closing of the Business Combination, the Company received gross proceeds of , including in gross proceeds from the fully committed Common Stock PIPE. No goodwill or other intangible assets were recognized in connection with the Recapitalization Transaction. 

All U.S. Dollar and share amounts are in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted. Share and per share amounts are presented on a post-conversion basis for all periods presented, unless otherwise specified. 
 
 Nature of Operations 
 
 The high-tech greenhouse agriculture business is extremely capital-intensive and the Company expects to expend significant resources to complete the build-out of facilities under construction, continue harvesting existing crops and plant and harvest new crops in the existing and future controlled environment agriculture CEA facilities. These expenditures are expected to include working capital, costs of acquiring and building out new facilities, costs associated with planting and harvesting, such as the purchase of seeds and growing supplies, and the cost of attracting, developing and retaining a skilled labor force, including local labor. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise due to the unique nature of these CEA facilities and increased production in the Company s new operating facilities at full capacity. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and payments of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount of and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred losses from operations and generated negative cash flows from operating activities since inception. During the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred net losses of and generated negative cash flows from operations of . The Company s current operating plan, 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

cash on hand, and an accumulated deficit of . Management believes there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The Company will need to raise additional funds in order to operate its business, meet obligations as they become due and continue the ongoing operation, construction, and build-out and start-up of its CEA facilities. The Company completed a sale-leaseback of AppHarvest Berea as further discussed in Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies and raised additional capital through an equity offering that closed on February 14, 2023, and included an Overallotment Option which closed on February 24, 2023, as further discussed in Note 16 - Subsequent Events . The Company is also exploring additional financing alternatives, including, but not limited to additional sale-leaseback transactions related to other CEA facilities, third-party equity or debt financing, or other sources, such as strategic relationships or other transactions with third parties, that may or may not include business combination transactions. However, financing may not be available to the Company in the necessary time frame, in amounts that the Company requires, on terms that are acceptable to the Company, or at all. If the Company is unable to raise the necessary funds when needed, it may materially and adversely impact the Company s ability to execute on its operating plans, the operation of the Company s current CEA facilities and the construction, build-out and start-up of the CEA facilities could be delayed, scaled back, or abandoned. If the Company becomes unable to continue as a going concern, it may have to dispose of assets and might realize significantly less than the values at which they are carried on its consolidated financial statements. These actions may cause the Company s stockholders to lose all or part of their investment in the Company s common stock. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty. 
 
 2. 
 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

related to a master credit agreement with Rabo AgriFinance LLC for a real estate term loan (the Rabo Loan ), as well as in contributions to a project and interest reserve account for AppHarvest Somerset pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in July 2022 with Greater Nevada Credit Union (the GNCU Loan Agreement ). See Note 10 - Debt for more information on these reserve accounts. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2021, of the aggregate borrowings to be held as collateral. The JPM Loan was repaid in full in July 2022. 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , there were warrants to purchase Common Stock outstanding, consisting of public warrants Public Warrants and private warrants Private Warrants and together with Public Warrants, Warrants ). The Private Warrants are held by the Novus initial stockholders. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase share of Common Stock at a price of per share. The warrants expire on January 29, 2026, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 The Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 
 
 In whole and not in part 
 At a price of per Warrant; 
 Upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption; 
 If, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any trading days within a trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See Note 5 - Fair Value Measurements for inputs used in calculating the estimated fair value. The Public Warrants are equity classified financial instruments. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 

Capitalization of Interest 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and of interest expense has been capitalized, respectively. 
 
 Debt Issuance Costs 

Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Root AI Acquisition Amortization ) Impairment ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Inventories 

Property and Equipment 
 years 
 Leasehold and building improvements: the lesser of the lease term or to years. 
 Machinery: to years 
 Equipment: to years 
 Assets held under financing leases are recorded at the net present value of the minimum lease payments, net of incentives provided by the lessor. Depreciation expense for assets held under financing leases is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the period of the related lease. If the related lease contains an option to purchase the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise or the lease transfers ownership of 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Leases 

Income Taxes 
 Retirement Plans 
 The Company incurred and of expenses associated with the 401(k) Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Net Loss Per Common Share 
 
 Advertising 
 and , respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 Revenue 
 
 On March 28, 2019, the Company entered into a Purchase and Marketing Agreement (the Mastronardi Agreement with Mastronardi Produce Limited Mastronardi pursuant to which Mastronardi will be the sole and exclusive marketer and distributor of all tomatoes, cucumbers, peppers, berries and salad greens produced at the Company s CEA facilities that meet certain quality standards (collectively, the Products ). Under the terms of the Mastronardi Agreement, the Company is responsible for growing, producing, packing, and delivering the Products to Mastronardi, and Mastronardi is responsible for marketing, branding, and distributing the Products to its customers. Mastronardi will pay the Company market prices for the Products that are consistent with the best and highest prices available during the duration of the applicable growing season for like kind U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA Grade No. 1 products. Mastronardi will set the market price for the Products and will pay over to the Company the gross sale price of the Product sold by Mastronardi, less a marketing fee and Mastronardi s costs incurred in the sale and distribution of the Products. If Mastronardi rejects, returns, or otherwise refuses Products for failure to meet certain quality standards, the Company has the right, at its cost and expense, to sell or otherwise dispose of the Products, subject to certain conditions. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

years. The Company has a limited, one-time right to terminate the Mastronardi Agreement if certain return targets are not reached. During the term of the Mastronardi Agreement, Mastronardi has a right of first refusal to enter similar arrangements with regard to any additional growing facilities the Company established in Kentucky or West Virginia. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A 
 and of start-up expenses related to pre-commencement commercial activities at the various CEA facilities were expensed as incurred by the Company and recorded within SG A in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 

3. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Cash - PIPE financing Non-cash Convertible Note conversion Non-cash net liabilities assumed from Novus ) Less: Fair value of assumed common stock Private Warrants ) Less: transaction costs allocated to equity ) Net impact on total stockholders equity Less: cash payments for transaction costs at Closing Date ) Less: non-cash Convertible Note conversion ) Add: non-cash net liabilities assumed from Novus Add: non-cash fair value of assumed common stock Private Warrants Net impact on net cash provided by financing activities Less: transaction costs included in net cash used in operating activities (a) 
 ) Total net increase in cash and cash equivalents on Closing Date 
 (a) Including transaction costs in the amount of allocated to the Private Warrants. 
 Root AI Acquisition 
 On April 7, 2021, the Company completed the Root AI Acquisition. 
 shares at approximately per share) 
 Stock options issued to replace unvested Root AI stock options Total equity Cash consideration paid for the settlement of vested Root AI stock options Cash consideration paid to Root AI shareholders Cash consideration paid to reimburse Root AI for seller transaction costs incurred Cash acquired ) Net cash Total consideration 
 
 The Company accounted for its acquisition of Root AI using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with U.S. GAAP whereby the total purchase price was allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on respective fair values. 
 
 Intangible assets (technology and intellectual property) Deferred taxes ) Net operating assets and liabilities ) Net assets acquired 
 
 Transaction costs of were included in SG A within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

4. 
 
 related to the restructuring initiatives, of which was for severance and other benefits and was for legal and other costs. The Company did recognize any such restructuring charges during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In addition to the restructuring actions noted above, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a impairment charge for certain technology property and equipment that will no longer be utilized following the Company s alignment of its technology initiatives with core farm operations. The Company did recognize any such impairment charge during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 remaining in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet for liabilities remaining associated with the restructuring events as described above. 

5. 
 
 Total assets Liabilities: Private Warrants Private Warrant liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Total assets Liabilities: Foreign currency contracts Other current liabilities Interest rate swap Other liabilities Private Warrants Private Warrant liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 The Company s derivative contracts, including foreign currency forward and option contracts and an interest rate swap, are measured at fair value using valuations based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets (Level 2) and are valued by reference to similar financial instruments, adjusted for terms specific to the contracts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company s debt, other than the GNCU Loan, approximated fair value due to the short term nature of the debt or that such borrowings bear variable interest rates that correspond to current market rates. The fair value of the GNCU Loan was estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on current estimated incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements (Level 2). If our GNCU Loan was measured at fair value, it would have been as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Note 12 - Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 10 - Debt for more information on the Company s use of financial instruments. 
 
 Stock price Volatility Remaining term in years Risk-free rate Dividend yield 
 Fair value of Private Warrants converted to Public Warrants ) Change in fair value of Private Warrants Fair value of Private Warrants outstanding as of March 31, 2022 Fair value of Private Warrants converted to Public Warrants Change in fair value of Private Warrants ) Fair value of Private Warrants outstanding as of June 30, 2022 Fair value of Private Warrants converted to Public Warrants Change in fair value of Private Warrants ) Fair value of Private Warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2022 Fair value of Private Warrants converted to Public Warrants ) Change in fair value of Private Warrants ) Fair value of Private Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

74 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

6. 
 Growing crops Finished goods Total inventories, net 
 
 7. 
 Buildings (1) 
 Machinery and equipment (2) 
 Construction in progress (3) 
 Leasehold improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 ______________________________ 
 Amounts at December 31, 2022 related to our Berea failed sale-leaseback: (1) , (2) , (3) . 
 S ee Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Depreciation expense for property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 In March 2021, the Company acquired AppHarvest Morehead and related property from Equilibrium Controlled Environment Foods Fund, LLC and its affiliates Equilibrium ), a related party at the date of acquisition (See Note 11(a) - Commitments and Contingencies - Equilibrium Transaction). The purchase price for AppHarvest Morehead was which was equal to a multiple of Equilibrium s cost to acquire, develop and construct AppHarvest Morehead. AppHarvest Morehead was placed in service during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of to reduce the carrying value of real and personal property associated with the Company s CEA facilities to their estimated fair value. In estimating the fair value of the real and personal property within each asset group, the Company estimated the price that would be received to sell the asset groups in an orderly transaction between market participants. Due to the specialized nature of the CEA asset groups, the age, and significant amount of construction in progress, only the cost approach was fully developed for the Company s asset 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

impairment charge for certain technology property and equipment that will no longer be utilized following the Company s alignment of its technology initiatives with core farm operations, which is recognized in SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The abandonment of this technology resulted in a full impairment of these assets. 

8. 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entity Prepayments for fixed assets Interest rate swap Other assets Total other assets 
 
 9. 
 Professional service fees Construction costs Other accrued liabilities Utilities Inventory Total accrued expenses 

10. 
 
 Construction Loan GNCU Loan JPM Loan Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Debt, net of issuance costs Less current portion ) ) Long term, net 

76 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

(the Note with Mastronardi USA. The maturity date of the Note was February 17, 2023. The Company repaid the Note in full upon completion of the Sale-Leaseback Transaction with Mastronardi USA in December 2022 as further described in Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 GNCU Loan Agreement 
 
 On July 29, 2022, the Company entered into the GNCU Loan Agreement for an aggregate original principal amount of (the GNCU Loan ), to be used, in part, for the development of a commercial scale of AppHarvest Somerset. The GNCU Loan is guaranteed in favor of the GNCU Lender by the USDA through the USDA s Business and Industry Loan Guarantee and Rural Energy for America Programs. The GNCU Loan has a maturity of years with interest-only monthly payments on the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the GNCU Loan for the first months. Thereafter, the Company will make monthly installments of principal and interest based on a amortization, with the remaining balance of principal and interest due upon maturity. The initial interest rate is fixed at per annum for the first of the GNCU Loan term. Thereafter, the interest rate is subject to change every five years during the term of the GNCU Loan, based on the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines 5-Year Advance Rate as of such dates, plus a spread, with an interest rate floor of . The collateral securing the payment and performance of the obligations under the GNCU Loan consists of: (i) a Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing granting a first priority lien on all real property, and a security interest in all personal property, and (ii) a Security Agreement pursuant to which AppHarvest has granted the Lender a security interest in and to all the AppHarvest machinery and equipment, and other personal property collateral within AppHarvest Somerset. The proceeds of the GNCU Loan were used at closing to, in part, pay off the JPM Loan and accrued interest, of approximately . The GNCU Loan is recorded at cost, net of debt issuance costs of . 
 
 The GNCU Loan required the Company to contribute to be held in an interest reserve account and in a project account, to be used to pay interest and the balance of the Project cost for AppHarvest Somerset in excess of the GNCU Loan, respectively. The balance of these amounts is reflected in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The GNCU Loan Agreement includes customary representations and covenants for financing transactions of this nature, including, among others, a maximum debt to net worth covenant and a debt service coverage ratio covenant, as well as operating covenants with respect to the completion and operation of AppHarvest Somerset, in each case as set forth in the GNCU Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 Equilibrium Loan Agreement 
 
 On July 23, 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement with CEFF II AppHarvest Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Equilibrium, for a construction loan with a principal amount of (the Construction Loan for the development of a CEA facility in Richmond, Kentucky. The Construction Loan provides monthly disbursements to fund capital costs of the Project in excess of the Company s required equity contribution of of the capital costs of AppHarvest Richmond. The Construction Loan requires monthly interest payments based on drawn capital costs at an initial interest rate of per annum, which will increase on a monthly basis by per annum, beginning after closing of the Construction Loan through maturity, which is expected to be July 23, 2024, with no required principal payments until maturity. 
 
 On July 29, 2022, the Company amended the credit agreement with Equilibrium to require that it decrease the balance of the Construction Loan to on or prior to December 31, 2022 and further decrease the balance to on or prior to March 31, 2023. 
 
 On December 21, 2022, the Company amended the Construction Loan with Equilibrium. This amendment provided that if and when the Company entered into a transaction or series of transactions to sell or otherwise convey its property, and the proceeds of such transaction(s) were or more, the Company would deposit a portion of the proceeds into a segregated deposit account to use for certain on-going construction work at AppHarvest Richmond. This amendment also reduced the principal balance to a maximum and modified certain covenants and waived all defaults under the credit agreement if applicable. At the funding of the Berea Sale-Leaseback Transaction, as further described in Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies , the Company funded the deposit account required by this amendment as applicable. The Company incurred 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

of debt issuance costs related to the amended Construction Loan, which were included in non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet, and will be amortized over the term of the Construction Loan. 
 
 Rabo AgriFinance 
 
 On June 15, 2021, the Company entered into a master credit agreement with Rabo AgriFinance LLC (the Lender for the Rabo Loan in the original principal amount of . The Rabo Loan matures on April 1, 2031, with quarterly interest payments commencing on July 1, 2021 and quarterly principal payments, commencing on January 1, 2022, with the remaining balance of principal and interest due upon maturity. Payments are based on one month LIBOR plus per annum. The Rabo Loan is collateralized by the business assets of the first Morehead CEA facility and requires compliance with financial covenants. The financial covenants generally begin to be measured on December 31, 2022, except for the working capital ratio. On July 29, 2022, the Company obtained a waiver from Rabo AgriFinance where it was no longer required to measure or report the current ratio for the June 30, 2022, reporting period but will begin to report the current ratio covenant compliance for the December 31, 2022 reporting period. The change aligns all measurements of material financial covenants to begin with the December 31, 2022 measurement date. In exchange, the Company agreed to fund an additional million to a reserve account. At June 30, 2022, we would not have met the current ratio requirement for the Morehead CEA subsidiary. 
 
 On June 21, 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate swap with an affiliate of the Lender to make a series of payments based on a fixed rate of and receive a series of payments based on LIBOR. Both the fixed and floating payment streams are based on the initial notional amount of and require quarterly payments under a amortization schedule. As of December 31, 2022, the net fixed interest rate on the combined Rabo Loan and related interest rate swap is . The Rabo Loan is recorded at cost, net of debt issuance costs of . 
 
 On December 29, 2022, the Company entered into an addendum to the Rabo Loan dated June 15, 2021, with the Lender. The addendum requires that we deposit million into a designated reserve account to secure our obligations under the amended Rabo Loan. The addendum also modified certain covenants and reporting requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 JPM Loan Agreement 
 
 On September 27, 2021, the Company entered into the JPM Loan with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., providing for a line of credit facility in the maximum amount of for capital expenditures and CEA facility construction and improvements. The interest rate on the JPM Loan approximated one-month LIBOR plus . As of December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed under the JPM Loan and the interest rate was . The JPM Loan required of the aggregate borrowings to be held as cash collateral. At December 31, 2021 the Company had of restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet to meet this requirement. 
 
 to ; and (ii) implement SOFR as the replacement of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate for U.S. dollar borrowings. On July 29, 2022, the JPM Loan was repaid in full. 
 
 11. 
 of its membership interests in its subsidiary, Morehead Farm LLC. 
 
 At closing, Morehead Farm LLC, which owns AppHarvest Morehead, became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Concurrently with the closing of the MIPSA, the Master Lease Agreement dated May 13, 2019 with Morehead Farm LLC to lease AppHarvest Morehead and ancillary agreements related thereto, was terminated. As a result, the closing date balances of for the financing obligation related to construction in progress assets and for the finance lease liability related to the completed portion of AppHarvest Morehead were settled and de-recognized from the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

and an interest rate of per year. The original proceeds from the loan are included in the financing section of the statement of cash flows as of December 31, 2021. 
 (b) Leases 
 The Company s lease portfolio is primarily comprised of operating leases for offices. At the inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether the arrangement is or contains a lease based on whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Leases are classified as operating or finance leases at the commencement date of the lease. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net and liabilities are recognized within the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the implicit rate is generally not readily determinable for most leases, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate reflects the estimated rate of interest that the Company would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term in a similar economic environment. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 Leases may include renewal options, and the renewal option is included in the lease term if the Company concludes that it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. A certain number of the Company s leases contain rent escalation clauses, either fixed or adjusted periodically for inflation of market rates, that are factored into the calculation of lease payments to the extent they are fixed and determinable at lease inception. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, of operating lease expense, which was recognized within SG A or cost of goods sold COGS depending on whether it was related to administration or production, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Short-term lease expense was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Variable lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total minimum payments required Less: imputed interest costs (1) 
 ) Present value of net minimum lease payments (2) 
 Weighted-average imputed interest rate Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents the amount necessary to reduce net minimum lease payments to present value using actual rate in the lease agreement or the Company s incremental borrowing rate at lease inception. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

and , respectively. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets surrendered with the early termination of operating lease liabilities ) 
 (c) Berea Sale Leaseback Financing Transaction 
 
 On December 23, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Mastronardi Berea LLC, (the Buyer ), for the Company s acres of land located in Berea, Kentucky (the Berea Land and the CEA facility, improvements and other assets located thereon Berea Property ), collectively the Property . The sale price was approximately . The Buyer is a joint venture between Mastronardi and a third party. 
 
 On December 27, 2022, the Company and Buyer entered into a sale-leaseback transaction for the Property (the Lease ). In conjunction with the execution of the Lease, and contemporaneous with the closing of the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid the Buyer in the form of advanced lease payments. 
 
 The Lease has an initial term of years, with renewal options of each. At the commencement date of the Lease, the renewal options are not reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company. The total annual rent under the Lease is million per year, and the annual rent is subject to annual increases or consumer price index adjustments, whichever is greater, starting after the second lease year. Due to the fact the Lease contains both the Berea Land and Property, the land and building components were evaluated separately. 
 
 The Company determined that the Berea CEA facility did not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting and accounted for the Berea CEA facility lease component of the Lease transaction as a financing transaction. The Company has recorded the sale proceeds attributable to the facility lease component as a loan collateralized by the Berea CEA facility. This loan is payable as principal and imputed interest in the form of lease payments to the Buyer over the initial term of the Lease. As such, the Company did not derecognize the AppHarvest Berea facility from its consolidated balance sheet for accounting purposes, and AppHarvest Berea along with the long-lived assets within, which total , as of December 31, 2022, will continue to be depreciated by the Company over the assets estimated remaining useful life. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the financing liability was , net of in debt issuance costs, of which all were classified as long-term on the balance sheet, giving account to the of prepaid rent. The monthly lease payments are split between a reduction of principal and interest expense using the effective interest rate method. There was material interest expense associated with the financing arrangement for the year ended December 31, 2022. No gain or loss was recognized related to the Sale-Leaseback Transaction or the year ended December 31, 2022, as the sale proceeds allocated to the Berea Land lease component approximated the Berea Land carrying value. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Minimum Liability Payments 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

. The Company has accrued amounts it believes are owed to Dalsem and has contested certain other amounts. 
 (e) Purchase Commitments 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with its natural gas supplier to purchase a portion of its anticipated future natural gas usage at fixed prices. There were material purchase commitments that were unrecorded at December 31, 2022. The unrecorded purchase commitments as of December 31, 2021, were . 
 (f) Litigation 
 
 The Company is involved in various lawsuits, claims and other legal matters from time to time that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company records a liability when a particular contingency is probable and estimable. 
 
 On September 24, 2021, the first of federal securities class action lawsuits (captioned Ragan v. AppHarvest, Inc.) was filed by a purported stockholder of the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of a proposed class consisting of those who acquired the Company s securities between May 17, 2021 and August 10, 2021. On December 13, 2021, the court consolidated the cases, and appointed a lead plaintiff. An amended complaint was filed on March 2, 2022. The amended complaint was brought as a purported class action on behalf of purchasers of the Common Stock between February 1, 2021 to August 10, 2021. The amended complaint named the Company and certain of its current officers as defendants, and alleged that the Company violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by making materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s operations at AppHarvest Morehead in the first half of 2021. In particular, the lead plaintiff alleged that the Company s public statements during the class period were false and misleading because the Company failed to disclose issues related to the its tomato harvest and employee training and retention. The amended complaint sought unspecified monetary damages on behalf of the punitive class and an award of costs and expense, including reasonable attorneys fees. On May 2, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On July 25, 2022, the lead plaintiff filed a second amended complaint with substantially similar allegations. On September 23, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. The lead plaintiff filed his opposition to the Company s motion to dismiss the second amended complaint on November 22, 2022, and the Company filed its reply in support of its motion to dismiss the second amended complaint on January 13, 2023. 
 
 Additionally, on March 11, 2022, a derivative complaint (captioned Michael Ross v. Kiran Bhatraju, et al.) was filed in the 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against certain of AppHarvest s officers and directors. The derivative 
 complaint restyles the federal securities class action allegations as a purported derivative claim on behalf of the Company 
 against its officers and Board members for their alleged breaches of fiduciary duties in allowing the purported disclosure 
 violations to occur. The derivative complaint seeks unspecified monetary restitution and disgorgement of profits, benefits, or 
 compensation obtained by the defendants, an award of costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, and that the 
 Court direct the Company to reform its corporate governance procedures. On June 15, 2022, another derivative complaint 
 (captioned Zach Wester v. Kiran Bhatraju, et al.) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York 
 against certain of AppHarvest s officers and directors. The Wester derivative complaint is substantially similar to the Ross 
 derivative complaint. On July 22, 2022, the Ross and Wester derivative cases were consolidated, and are stayed until (1) the 
 securities class action is dismissed with prejudice and all appeals related thereto are exhausted; (2) defendants file an answer in 
 the securities class action; or (3) any party in the derivative cases no longer consents to the stay. On August 31, 2022, a third 
 derivative complaint (captioned Kennedy v. AppHarvest, Inc., et al) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Delaware against certain of AppHarvest s officers and directors. The Kennedy derivative complaint is substantially similar to 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

12. 
 
 and for the hedge program in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has elected to measure hedge effectiveness using the spot method under which the hedging relationship is considered perfectly effective and changes in the fair value of the forward and options contracts attributable to changes in the spot rate are recorded as a component of other AOCI. As the hedged items are ultimately capitalized as part of the CEA facility fixed assets, the AOCI amounts will be reclassified into earnings over the same periods as the future depreciation expense related to those assets. Consistent with the allocation of CEA facility fixed asset depreciation, the AOCI reclassification will also be allocated between COGS and SG A within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 Under the spot method, changes in the fair value of forward contracts attributable to changes in the difference between the forward rate and the spot rate (forward points) and the fair value of option contracts attributable to time and volatility values (up-front premium) will be excluded from the measure of hedge effectiveness and amortized as COGS and SG A on a straight-line basis over the terms of the underlying contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recognized amortization expense of and related to its foreign currency hedge contracts within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company no longer had outstanding foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had a net liability of and in foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments, which is included in other current and non-current liabilities according to the expected settlement dates of the related contracts. 
 
 On June 21, 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate swap which has been designated as an effective cash flow hedge and changes in the fair value are recorded as a component of AOCI in the consolidated balance sheet and reclassified into earnings as interest expense over the life of the debt. See Note 10 - Debt for more information on the interest rate swap. 
 
 ) ) Interest Rate Swap ) ) Total AOCI/AOCL ) ) 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 an income tax expense of was recognized within other comprehensive income (loss) compared to an income tax benefit of during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The income tax expense of related to the balance in AOCI at December 31, 2022 of and the income tax benefit related to the ) balance in AOCL at December 31, 2021, respectively, is fully offset by a valuation allowance. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

13. 
 
 registered shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, awards were granted under the Plan, including RSUs and stock options, all of which had typical service-based vesting requirements. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, awards were granted under the Plan, including RSUs and stock options granted as consideration in the Root AI Acquisition (see Note 3 - Business Combinations for more information). The RSU s granted under the P lan include executive awards with market and performance-based vesting requirements in addition to the typical service-based vesting requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, t her e are registered shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon exercise or settlement, as applicable, of awards made under the 2018 Plan. Wh ile no further awards may be granted under the 2018 Plan, that plan continues to govern all outstanding awards previously issued under it. 
 Vesting of the RSUs issued under the 2018 Plan 2018 RSUs was dependent on a liquidity event, the Business Combination, which occurred on January 29, 2021. Accordingly, the Company rec ognized a one-time stock-based compensation expense of as of that date as a retroactive catch-up of cumulative stock-based compensation expense for s uch awards from their original grant dates. 
 Total stock-based compensation expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Of these amounts, were included in SG A and in COGS for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively and was recognized in SG A and in COGS for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company issues stock options in two forms. The incentive stock options ISO that have been granted generally vest over months, with vesting at the end of the first year and ratable vesting thereafter for the next months. The nonqualified stock options NSO that have been granted vest ratably over to months. The ISOs and NSOs generally expire after the date of grant. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 The Company recorded and of stock-based compensation expense for options issued to employees and directors during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of , is related to non-vested options granted, which is anticipated to be recognized over the next weighted average years, commensurate with the remaining requisite service period. 
 
 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the estimated fair value of the Company s Common Stock at the end of the period in excess of the weighted average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable. The weighted 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

and , respectively. The Company uses authorized and unissued shares to satisfy award exercises. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Exercisable, December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to directors, officers, and employees. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or cancelled ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 Certain RSUs contain performance and service vesting conditions, and the related stock-based compensation is recognized using an accelerated attribution method. The requisite service period for the RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022, is months, with vesting at the end of the first year and ratable vesting every months thereafter for the next months. 
 
 Total stock-based compensation recognized in 2022 and 2021 related to the market-based RSUs was and , respectively, which is recorded within SG A. Total stock-based compensation recognized in 2022 and 2021 for time-based RSUs was and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of , is related to non-vested RSUs granted, which is anticipated to be recognized over the next weighted average years. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

14. 
 
 State Total deferred income tax expense Income tax expense) ) State tax - deferred, net of federal impact ) ) Permanent items ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Other ) Total taxes ) ) 
 The Company has considered the impact of state rate changes, apportionment weighting and state filing positions when determining its state effective tax rate. The Company adjusts its state effective tax rate for enacted law changes during the year. 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income and for tax carryforwards. 
 Stock-based compensation Lease liabilities and holdback Financing obligation Other Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Interest rate swap ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 When realization of the deferred tax asset is more likely than not to occur, the benefit related to the deductible temporary differences attributable to operations is recognized as a reduction of income tax expense. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when, based on all available evidence, it is considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. The Company cannot be certain that future taxable 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

and have been provided on the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The valuation allowance increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of an increase in net operating loss carryforwards. The Company continues to monitor the need for a valuation allowance based on the sources of future taxable income. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has of federal and of state net operating loss carryforwards that have no expiration. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders by more than 50 over a three-year period, as defined in Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately before the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. The Company completed a Section 382 and 383 analysis as of December 31, 2022, which confirmed that a change in ownership as defined under Sections 382 and 383 occurred in 2021, but the computed limitation had no impact on the Company s ability to utilize pre-change net operating and tax credit carryforwards. Therefore, the Company s computed valuation allowance on net operating loss carryforwards was unaffected by the completion of the analysis. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued uncertain tax positions or associated interest or penalties and no amounts have been recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and state jurisdictions. The tax years since inception remain open and subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities. 
 
 15. 

Restricted stock units Warrants Total anti-dilutive common share equivalents) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 At the Market Offering 
 
 On August 3, 2022, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement ). Pursuant to the Registration Statement, the Company may offer and sell securities having an aggregate public offering price of up to . In connection with the filing of the Registration Statement, the Company also entered into a sales agreement (the 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

under an at-the-market offering program (the ATM ), which is included in the of securities that may be offered pursuant to the Registration Statement. Pursuant to the ATM Agreement, the Company will pay Cowen a commission rate equal to of the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock and reimburse certain legal fees. The ATM Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) issuance and sale of all the shares as allowed within and (ii) termination of the ATM Agreement as permitted therein. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company has sold shares of its Common Stock pursuant to the ATM Agreement for gross proceeds of and net proceeds of . Equity issuance costs of were netted with gross proceeds in equity during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was in availability remaining under the ATM. 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 On December 15, 2021, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital, LLC B. Riley Principal Capital ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right to sell to B. Riley Principal Capital up to the lesser of (i) of newly issued shares of the Company s Common Stock and (ii) the Exchange Cap, which is shares of the Company s Common Stock (subject to certain limitations and conditions), from time to time during the -month term of the Purchase Agreement. Sales of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and the timing of any sales, are solely at the option of the Company, and the Company is under no obligation to sell any securities to B. Riley Principal Capital under the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 shares of its Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for aggregate proceeds, net of fees incurred of , of . As a result, deferred equity issuance costs of were netted into equity during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares reserved for the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 16. 
 shares of Common Stock in an underwritten public offering at a public offering price of per share. In addition, the Company granted the underwriters an option to purchase, for a period of days, up to an additional shares of Common Stock (the Overallotment Option ). On February 14, 2023, the Company closed the follow-on offering via the issuance and allotment of shares of Common Stock. On February 22, 2023 the underwriters exercised the Overallotment Option to purchase shares of Common Stock and on February 24, 2023, the Company issued the shares of Common Stock under the Overallotment Option. The Company received total net proceeds of approximately , after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of , and offering costs of approximately . 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and accounting officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer or person performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Limitations on Controls and Procedures 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our CEO and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth, in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on management s assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on those criteria. 
 
 Attestation on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Due to the Company becoming a non-accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is not required to issue an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting in the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 On February 20, 2023, the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of our Board approved a Retention Bonus Agreement (the Retention Agreement between Mr. Eggleton and the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Eggleton became eligible for a one-time bonus payment (the Transaction Bonus ), subject to his continued service with the Company through and until the consummation of a strategic transaction, whether through the issuance and sale of equity securities of the Company in a bona fide financing transaction, the sale of an asset or assets of the Company or its subsidiaries or the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined in the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan) (a Strategic Transaction ). On March 14, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved an Amendment to Retention Bonus Agreement between Mr. Eggleton and the Company (the Amended Retention Agreement to amend the terms of the Transaction Bonus to be calculated as a portion of the gross proceeds received by the Company in a qualifying Strategic Transaction as follows: (i) 300,000 if the Strategic Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 75 million but less than 100 million; (ii) 600,000 if the Strategic Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 100 million but less than 125 million; (iii) 900,000 if the Strategic Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 125 million but less than 150 million; or (iv) 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 1.2 million if the Strategic Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 150 million. The amount of the bonus will be calculated using straight line interpolation for gross proceed levels between the above-referenced tiers (e.g., if the Strategic Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of 87.5 million, the Transaction Bonus would be 450,000).If Mr. Eggleton s employment terminates for any reason prior to the closing date of a Strategic Transaction, no Transaction Bonus shall be paid unless such termination was by the Company without Cause or by Mr. Eggleton with Good Reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreement between Mr. Eggleton and the Company dated December 11, 2020, as amended) in the three month period preceding the closing date of a Strategic Transaction, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Retention Agreement and the Amended Retention Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Retention Agreement and the Amended Retention Agreement, copies of which are filed with this Form 10-K as Exhibits 10.41 and 10.42, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9c. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference in response to the Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct ), applicable to all employees, executive officers and directors. The Code of Conduct is available at the investors section of our website at www.appharvest.com . Information contained on or accessible through this website is not a part of this proxy statement, and the inclusion of such website address in this proxy statement is an inactive textual reference only. Any amendments to the Code of Conduct, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website to the extent required by applicable rules and exchange requirements. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Exhibits 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 1.1 Sales Agreement by and between AppHarvest, Inc. and Cowen and Company, LLC, dated August 3, 2022 
 Form S-3 333-266502 1.2 August 3, 2022 2.1+ Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of September 28, 2020, by and among Novus Capital, Merger Sub and Legacy AppHarvest 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 2.1 September 29, 2020 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 3.1 February 2, 2021 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of AppHarvest, Inc. 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 3.2 February 2, 2021 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 4.4 December 1, 2020 4.2 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Novus 
 Form 10-K/A 001-39288 4.3 June 2, 2021 4.3 
 Warrant Agreement, dated May 19, 2020, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Novus 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 4.1 May 20, 2020 4.4 Description of Securities 
 10.1 
 Form of PIPE Subscription Agreement 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.3 September 29, 2020 10.2 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated January 29, 2021, by and among AppHarvest and certain stockholders of AppHarvest 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.3 February 2, 2021 10.3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 10.25 December 1, 2020 10.4 Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated January 29, 2021, by and among AppHarvest and certain stockholders of AppHarvest 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.5 February 2, 2021 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated December 11, 2020, by and between Legacy AppHarvest and Jonathan Webb 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 10.24 December 21, 2020 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated December 11, 2020, by and between Legacy AppHarvest and Loren Eggleton 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 10.28 December 21, 2020 10.7 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 Form 8-K/A 001-39288 10.1 March 2, 2021 10.8 Forms of Notice of Grant, Stock Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise and Notice of Early Exercise under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Form 8-K/A 001-39288 10.2 March 2, 2021 10.9 Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Legacy AppHarvest 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Form 8-K/A 001-39288 10.3 March 2, 2021 10.10 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Form 8-K/A 001-39288 10.4 March 2, 2021 10.11 Amendment No. 1 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.2 November 10, 2021 10.12 Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Form8-K/A 001-39288 10.5 March 2, 2021 10.13 Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Form 8-K/A 001-39288 10.6 March 2, 2021 10.14 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Form 8-K/A 001-39288 10.7 March 2, 2021 10.15 Amendment No. 1 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.3 November 10, 2021 10.16 + Purchase and Marketing Agreement, dated March 28, 2019, by and between Legacy AppHarvest and Mastronardi Produce Limited 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 10.20 December 4, 2020 10.17 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Marketing Agreement, dated December 18, 2020, by and between Legacy AppHarvest and Mastronardi Produce Limited 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 10.31 December 21, 2020 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 10.18 Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, by and between Legacy AppHarvest and CEFF US Holdings, LLC 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 10.23 December 1, 2020 10.19 + Membership Interest Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, by and between CEFF Morehead Property, LLC and Legacy AppHarvest Morehead Farm, LLC. 
 Form S-4/A 333-249421 10.30 December 4, 2020 10.20 Assignment of and First Amendment to Right of First Refusal Agreement dated March 1, 2021, by and among CEFF US Holdings, LLC, EquilibriumSustainable Foods, LLC and Legacy AppHarvest 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.1 March 2, 2021 10.21 Second Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between CEFF Morehead Property and AppHarvest Morehead Farm, LLC 
 Form S-1 333-252964 10.22 March 2, 2021 10.22 AppHarvest, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.1 March 29, 2021 10.23 AppHarvest, Inc. Employee Cash Incentive Plan 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.2 March 29, 2021 10.24 AppHarvest, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Cash Incentive Plan 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.1 August 3, 2022 10.25 Credit Agreement, dated July 23, 2021, between CEFF II AppHarvest Holdings, LLC and AppHarvest Richmond Farm, LLC 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.4 November 10, 2021 10.26 First Amendment to Credit Agreement between AppHarvest Richmond Farm, LLC, and CEFF II AppHarvest Holdings, LLC 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.2 August 3, 2022 10.27 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement between AppHarvest Richmond Farm, LLC, and CEFF II AppHarvest Holdings, LLC 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.1 November 7, 2022 10.28 Waiver and Amendment by and between AppHarvest Richmond Farm, LLC and CEFF II AppHarvest Holdings, LLC, dated as of December 21, 2022. 
 10.29 Second Amendment to Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated July 23, 2021, by and between Equilibrium Sustainable Foods, LLC and AppHarvest, Inc 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.5 November 10, 2021 10.30 Promissory Note, in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated September 24, 2021 only for reference purposes, by AppHarvest Pulaski Farm, LLC 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.6 November 10, 2021 10.31 Guaranty-Multiple Subsidiaries, dated September 24, 2021 only for reference purposes, by AppHarvest Operations, Inc 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.7 November 10, 2021 10.32 Assignment of Deposit Account, dated September 24, 2021 only for reference purposes, by AppHarvest Operations, Inc 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.8 November 10, 2021 10.33 Master Credit Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, as amended by that certain Addendum to Master Credit Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, by and between AppHarvest Morehead Farm, LLC and among Rabo AgriFinance LLC 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.1 June 15, 2021 10.34 Addendum to the Master Credit Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, by and between AppHarvest Morehead Farm, LLC and among Rabo AgriFinance LLC. 
 10.35 Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Registrant and B. Riley Principal Capital, LLC, dated December 15, 2021 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.1 December 15, 2021 10.36 Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Registrant and B. Riley Principal Capital, LLC, dated December 15, 2021 
 Form 8-K 001-39288 10.2 December 15, 2021 10.37 Loan Agreement between AppHarvest Pulaski Farm, LLC, AppHarvest Operations, Inc. and Great Nevada Credit Union 
 Form 10-Q 001-39288 10.2 November 7, 2022 10.38 + Purchase Agreement by and between AppHarvest Berea Farm, LLC and Mastronardi Berea LLC, dated as of December 23, 2022 
 10.39 + Lease Agreement by and between AppHarvest Berea Farm, LLC and Mastronardi Berea LLC, dated as of December 23, 2022 
 10.40 Employment Agreement, dated February 20, 2023, by and between AppHarvest and Loren Eggleton 
 10.41 Retention Bonus Agreement, dated February 20, 2023, by and between AppHarvest and Loren Eggleton 
 10.42 Amended Retention Bonus Agreement, dated March 14, 2023, by and between AppHarvest and Loren Eggleton 
 10.43 + Note and Loan Agreement by and between AppHarvest Berea Farm LLC and Mastronardi Produce-USA, Inc. dated October 24, 2022 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: 
 Management s Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 + Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted because they are not material and are the type that AppHarvest, Inc. treats as private or confidential. 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedules Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 AppHarvest, Inc. Dated: March 15, 2023 By: /s/ Jonathan Webb Jonathan Webb Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jonathan Webb and Loren Eggleton, jointly and severally, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AppHarvest, Inc., and any or all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ Jonathan Webb Chief Executive Officer, Chairperson and Director March 15, 2023 Jonathan Webb (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Loren Eggleton Chief Financial Officer March 15, 2023 Loren Eggleton (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Tony Martin Chief Operating Officer and Director March 15, 2023 Tony Martin /s/ David Lee Director March 15, 2023 David Lee /s/ J. Kevin Willis Director March 15, 2023 J. Kevin Willis /s/ Kiran Bhatraju Director March 15, 2023 Kiran Bhatraju /s/ Hollie P. Harris Director March 15, 2023 Hollie P. Harris /s/ Greg Couch Director March 15, 2023 Greg Couch /s/ R. Geof Rochester Director March 15, 2023 R. Geof Rochester /s/ Martha Stewart Director March 15, 2023 Martha Stewart 
 95 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 exhibit442022.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description summarizes selected information regarding our capital stock, as well as relevant provisions of (i) our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (ii) our amended and restated bylaws and (iii) the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the amended and restated bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is attached, and the applicable provisions of the DGCL. 
 
 General 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 750,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our stockholders will not have cumulative voting rights. Because of this, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to any then-outstanding preferred stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors may, without further action by our stockholders, fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of up to an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and authorize their issuance. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. Any issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders would receive dividend payments and payments on liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change of 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

control or other corporate action. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding. We have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were 13,241,617 warrants to purchase Common Stock outstanding, consisting of 12,190,548 public warrants Public Warrants and 1,051,069 private warrants Private Warrants and together with Public Warrants, Warrants ). The Private Warrants are held by the initial stockholders of Novus Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation Novus ). Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. Each Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share at any time. The Warrants will expire on January 29, 2026, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 Holders of Public Warrants cannot pay cash to exercise of their Public Warrants unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the issuance of the shares underlying such Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto. 
 
 The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the Novus initial stockholders or their permitted transferees. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, described below, if a Private Warrant is transferred to a holder other than an affiliate or permitted transferee, such Private Warrant will be treated as a Public Warrant. 
 
 We may call the Public Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, 
 
 at any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable 
 
 upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder 
 
 if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders and 
 
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such Public Warrants. 
 
 The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the Public Warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a Public Warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s Public Warrant upon surrender of such Public Warrant. 
 
 The redemption criteria for our Public Warrants was established at a price which is intended to provide Public Warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the Public Warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the Public Warrants. 
 
 If we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Public Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. 
 
 The Warrants were issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Warrant Agent, and us. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants, if such modification or amendment is being undertaken in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 
 
 The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. The Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 
 
 The Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the Warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the office of the Warrant Agent, with the subscription form, as set forth in the Warrant, duly executed, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to the order of the Warrant Agent, for the number of Warrants being exercised. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 
 Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their Warrants such that an electing Warrant holder would not be able to exercise their Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions 
 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 
 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 
 on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 662 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following 
 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder 
 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 
 any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Among other things, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws 
 
 permit our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change of control 
 
 provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of our board of directors 
 
 provide that, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, directors may only be removed for cause, which removal may be effected, subject to any limitation imposed by law, by the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote generally at an election of directors 
 
 provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum 
 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent or electronic transmission 
 
 provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice 
 
 provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer or by our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors and 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

not provide for cumulative voting rights, therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. 
 
 The amendment of any of these provisions requires approval by the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 
 The combination of these provisions will make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 
 
 These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and our policies and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of delaying changes in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock. 
 
 The amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for actions or proceedings brought under Delaware statutory or common law (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (2) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL (4) any action regarding the certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (5) any action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (6) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. Additionally, we cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our Status as a Delaware Public Benefit Corporation 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation reflects our designation as a public benefit corporation under Delaware law and identifies our public benefit as (i) empowering individuals in Appalachia, (ii) driving positive environmental change in the agriculture industry and (iii) improving the lives of the our employees and the community at large. 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

Delaware public benefit corporations are governed by the DGCL, including subchapter XV of the DGCL. Section 361 of the DGCL states that if a corporation elects to become a public benefit corporation, it shall be subject in all respects to the provisions of the DGCL, except to the extent subchapter XV imposes additional or different requirements, in which case such requirements shall apply. Perhaps the most notable distinction of subchapter XV is its requirement that public benefit corporation directors balance the financial interests of stockholders, the best interests of those materially affected by the corporation s conduct, and the specific public benefits identified in the public benefit corporation s certificate of incorporation when making decisions. To date, there is limited case law involving public benefit corporations and the application of this and other distinct public benefit corporation requirements, which may create some uncertainty until additional case law develops. 
 
 Stockholders should note, however, that Sections 361 and 365 of the DGCL indicate that Delaware s longstanding business judgment rule should apply to the balancing determinations required of public benefit corporation directors so long as directors remain informed and free of conflicts of interests. Similarly, a director s ownership of or other interest in stock of the public benefit corporation will not, for purposes of Subsection XV, create a conflict of interest on the part of the director with respect to the director s decision implicating the balancing requirement in the DGCL, except to the extent that such ownership or interest would create a conflict of interest if the corporation were not a public benefit corporation. We expect that, in large part, traditional Delaware corporation law principles and the application of those principles in case law including those related to self-dealing, conflicts of interest, and the application of the business judgment rule will continue to apply with respect to public benefit corporations. 
 
 The following is a summary of the material differences between traditional Delaware corporations not subject to subchapter XV of the DGCL and Delaware public benefit corporations to the extent subchapter XV of the DGCL imposes additional or different requirements than the DGCL generally. This summary is subject to the complete text of subchapter XV of the DGCL, which stockholders are encouraged to read carefully. 
 
 Provision Traditional Delaware Corporation Delaware Public Benefit Corporation Additional Practical Differences General Subject in all respects to the provisions of the DGCL. Same as a traditional Delaware corporation, except to the extent subchapter XV imposes additional or different requirements, in which case such requirements shall apply. Not applicable. 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

Provision Traditional Delaware Corporation Delaware Public Benefit Corporation Additional Practical Differences Purpose Usually incorporated as a for-profit corporation that may engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized and incorporated under the DGCL. Same as a traditional Delaware corporation in addition, a Delaware public benefit corporation is intended to produce a public benefit or public benefits and to operate in a responsible and sustainable manner. Accordingly, a Delaware public benefit corporation shall 
 
 Identify within its statement of business or purpose one or more specific public benefits, i.e., a positive effect (or reduction of negative effects) on one or more categories of persons, entities, communities or interests (other than shareholders in their capacities as shareholders), to be promoted by the corporation and 
 
 State within its heading that it is a public benefit corporation. 
 A public benefit corporation may be managed both to consider the financial interests of its shareholders as well as to promote its public benefits and operate in a responsible and sustainable manner. Duties of Directors Manage in the best interests of the corporation and its stockholders. Manage in a manner that balances the pecuniary interests of the shareholders, the best interests of those materially affected by the corporation s conduct, and the specific public benefit or public benefits identified in its certificate of incorporation. Directors of a traditional Delaware corporation may ordinarily take actions that they believe are not in the best interests of the stockholders in the short-term, at least if they believe that the action is in the long-term best interests of the corporation. The balancing requirement for directors of a public benefit corporation might more readily permit them, but does not require them, to take actions that stockholders consider not to be in their financial best interest. 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

Provision Traditional Delaware Corporation Delaware Public Benefit Corporation Additional Practical Differences Director Liability for Public Benefit Purpose Not applicable. A director of a public benefit corporation shall not, by virtue of the public benefit provisions of the DGCL, have any duty to any person on account of any interest of such person in the public benefit or public benefits identified in the certificate of incorporation or on account of any interest materially affected by the corporation s conduct and, with respect to a decision implicating the balance requirement described in Duties of Directors above, will be deemed to satisfy such director s fiduciary duties to stockholders and the corporation if such director s decision is both informed and disinterested and not such that no person of ordinary, sound judgment would approve. No practical difference directors of traditional Delaware corporations and public benefit corporations must both act with a duty of care and duty of loyalty. Conflicts of Interest for Public Benefit Duties of Directors Not applicable. A director s ownership of or other interest in the stock of the public benefit corporation shall not alone create a conflict of interest on the part of the director with respect to the director s decision implicating the balancing requirement described in Duties of Directors above, except to the extent that such ownership or interest would create a conflict of interest if the corporation were not a public benefit corporation. In the absence of a conflict of interest, no failure to satisfy that balancing requirement shall, for the purposes of 102(b)(7) or 145 of the DGCL, constitute an act or omission not in good faith, or a breach of the duty of loyalty, unless the certificate of incorporation so provides. No practical difference the same DGCL requirements regarding officer and director conflicts of interest of a traditional Delaware corporation are applicable to a public benefit corporation. Suits to Enforce Public Benefit Duties of Directors Not applicable. Any action to enforce the balancing requirement described in Duties of Directors above, including any individual, derivative or any other type of action, may not be brought unless the plaintiffs in such action own individually or collectively, as of the date of instituting such action, at least 2 of the corporation s outstanding shares or, in the case of a corporation with shares listed on a national securities exchange, the lesser of such percentage or shares of the corporation with a market value of at least 2,000,000 as of the date the action is instituted. The provisions of subchapter XV do not relieve the plaintiffs from complying with any other conditions applicable to filing a derivative action including 327 of the DGCL and any rules of the court in which the action is filed. The enforcement suit structure available to shareholders of a Delaware public benefit corporation that have met the threshold requirements may provide for additional circumstances in which a Delaware public benefit corporation is the subject of litigation related to a particular balancing decision made by the Board. 

EXHIBIT 4.4 

Provision Traditional Delaware Corporation Delaware Public Benefit Corporation Additional Practical Differences Public Benefit Notices Not applicable. A public benefit corporation shall include in every notice of a meeting of stockholders a statement to the effect that it is a public benefit corporation formed pursuant to subchapter XV. A public benefit corporation s notice of meeting of stockholders must include a statement that it is a public benefit corporation. Biennial Public Benefit Corporation Reporting Not applicable. A public benefit corporation shall no less than biennially provide its stockholders with a statement as to the corporation s promotion of the public benefit or public benefits identified in the certificate of incorporation and of the best interests of those materially affected by the corporation s conduct. The statement shall include items specified in subchapter XV. The stockholders of a public benefit corporation will have access to regular reports highlighting certain aspects of the public benefit corporation s conduct that might not be provided to stockholders of a traditional Delaware corporation. Common Law Fiduciary Duties in Transactions for Corporate Control In the context of certain transactions implicating a sale of control of a company, Delaware common law may impose on directors of a traditional corporation a duty to maximize short-term stockholder value. In response to all sale transactions, the directors of a public benefit corporation are required to adhere to the balancing requirement described in Duties of Directors above. In a potential sale of control transaction of a public benefit corporation, the board of directors would consider and balance factors in addition to maximizing short-term stockholder value. In the context of a hostile bid for a public benefit corporation, the board of directors could choose to reject such a bid in circumstances where the directors of a traditional corporation might be compelled by their fiduciary duties to accept such an offer. Consequently, the stockholders of a public benefit corporation may not as easily realize their investment through a sale of control transaction. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent for our securities is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. The transfer agent s address is One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor New York, New York 10004. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock and Public Warrants are traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols APPH and APPHW , respectively. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.28>
 3
 a1028eq-appharvestwaiveran.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 

Execution Version 

WAIVER AND THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This WAIVER AND THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this 
 Agreement ), dated as of December 21, 2022, is entered into by and between AppHarvest Richmond Farm, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Borrower and CEFF II AppHarvest Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Lender ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS , Borrower and Lender have entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2021 (as amended, modified, or supplemented, the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , certain Prior Defaults (as defined below) are alleged to have occurred and are continuing under the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , Borrower has requested that Lender provide a waiver of the Prior 
 Defaults and 
 
 WHEREAS , Lender has agreed to such waiver on the terms and subject to the 
 conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Definitions 
 
 1.1 Capitalized terms used in this Agreement, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 1.2 As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 Acceptable Account means a segregated depository account acceptable to Lender, which Borrower shall grant to Lender a security interest in, and any distribution therefrom shall be used by Borrower solely in accordance with Section 
 5.2 of this Agreement and in accordance with the Specified Budget provided that, after the occurrence of a Third Amendment Default, any distribution therefrom shall be in the sole discretion of Lender. 
 
 Effective Date means the date on which all of the conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement set forth in Section 7 hereof shall have been satisfied or waived. 

Prior Defaults means any actual Defaults or Events of Default known to Lender or Lender-alleged Defaults or Events of Default of Borrower or Parent under the Financing Documents, in each case, occurring and or continuing on or prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 Proceeds or proceeds means proceeds as defined in Section 9-102(a)(64) of Article 9 of the UCC. 
 
 Qualified Transaction means, with respect to any asset or property of Borrower, Parent or any of their respective Affiliates, any sale, lease (as lessor), sale-leaseback (or similar transaction), assignment, conveyance, transfer, or other disposition of such asset or property, whether in one transaction or a series of transactions occurring within a six-month time period, the proceeds of which is equal to or exceeding 22,500,000 provided that the foregoing shall not apply to the sale of Crops in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Specified Budget has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4 of this Agreement. 
 
 Third Amendment Default means the occurrence of any or all of the following 
 (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default after the Effective Date other than the Prior Defaults, (b) failure of Borrower or any other Borrower Party to timely comply with the covenants contained in Section 5 of this Agreement, and or (c) any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by Borrower under or in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 2. Confirmation of Obligations and Prior Defaults 
 
 2.1 Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the aggregate principal balance of the outstanding Loans under the Credit Agreement was equal to 66,252,138.37 as of December 6, 2022. The foregoing amount does not include any of the interest, fees, costs, and expenses to which Lender is entitled under the Credit Agreement or other Financing Documents. 
 
 3. Waiver of Prior Defaults and Related Matters 
 
 3.1 Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6 below, Lender hereby waives the Prior Defaults provided that such waiver only applies to the extent that such Prior Defaults exist as of the Effective Date and does not include any event, act, condition, or occurrence of whatever nature arising or occurring after the Effective Date. 
 
 2 

1.1 Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the occurrence and continuation of any Third Amendment Default shall immediately permit Lender to declare an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof, and such Event of Default shall not be a Prior Default. 
 
 1.2 Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement shall, or shall be deemed to, (i) constitute a waiver of any Default or Event of Default that may heretofore or hereafter occur or have occurred and be continuing other than in each case to the extent constituting a Prior Default, or (ii) modify, amend, alter or affect any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the waivers effected hereby shall not (i) extend the terms of the Credit Agreement or the due date of any of the Obligations (ii) give rise to any obligation on the part of Lender to extend, modify, alter, amend or waive any term or condition of the Credit Agreement or the other Financing Documents or otherwise prejudice any rights or remedies which Lender now has or may have in the future or (iii) give rise to any defenses, setoffs, reductions or counterclaims to Lender s right to compel payment of the Obligations or to otherwise enforce, exercise and enjoy the benefits of its rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents. 
 
 1.3 In accordance with Section 7.14(c) of the Credit Agreement, Lender approves the most current construction budget and construction schedule for the Project given to Lender concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (the Specified Budget ). 
 
 4. Amendments to Credit Agreement 
 
 4.1 Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following definitions therein 
 
 Third Amendment means that certain Waiver and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, entered into by and between Borrower and Lender, as such amendment may be amended, modified or supplemented. 
 
 Third Amendment Default has the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 
 
 4.2 The definition of Project Costs in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting subsection (ii) thereof. 
 
 4.3 The definition of Scheduled Final Completion Date in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with 
 
 Scheduled Final Completion Date means March 31, 2023. 
 
 3 

4.4 The definition of Scheduled Substantial Completion Date in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with 
 
 Scheduled Substantial Completion Date means February 28, 2023. 
 
 4.5 Section 2.2(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 (a) At all times, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans then outstanding shall not at any time exceed Sixty-Six Million Two Hundred and Fifty-Three Thousand Dollars 66,253,000) (the Commitment ). Any Project Costs in excess of the Commitment shall be funded solely by equity contributions from the Borrower. 
 
 4.6 Section 3.5(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 4.7 Section 3.5(e) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 4.8 Section 5.7(h) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 No labor has been performed or material furnished by or at the direction of Borrower with respect to the Project Site for which Borrower is liable or the Project Site bound which has not been fully paid when due, except with respect to certain disputed amounts that Borrower is withholding from the EPC Contractor as of the Effective Date. 
 
 4.9 Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 4.10 Section 8.6(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 (a) Immediate . Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.4(a) , 6.10 or Article VII (other than Sections 7.12 through 7.14 or a Third Amendment Default shall occur. 
 
 5. Additional Covenants of Borrower 
 
 5.1 Within two (2) Business Days of the consummation and funding of the first Qualified Transaction to occur that generates proceeds equal to or exceeding 
 50,000,000, Borrower shall (or shall cause any Affiliate of Borrower to) deposit 
 22,500,000 in cash into an Acceptable Account provided that, to the extent the Qualified Transaction generates proceeds that are greater than 22,500,000 but less than 50,000,000, Borrower shall (or shall cause any Affiliate of Borrower to) deposit in cash into an Acceptable Account an amount of such proceeds equal to the product of (x) 22,500,000 multiplied by (y) the ratio of the proceeds of such Qualified Transaction divided by 50,000,000 provided further that such deposited amount shall in no event be less than 10,000,000. For the avoidance of doubt, 
 
 4 

nothing herein shall apply to any Qualified Transaction obtained by Borrower following Borrower s satisfaction of its obligation to so deposit 22,500,000 in cash into an Acceptable Account. 1 
 
 5.2 Borrower covenants and agrees that it may not use, pay, transfer, distribute, or dispose of any of the proceeds deposited into an Acceptable Account in any manner or for any purpose whatsoever except for the payment of Project Costs in accordance with the Draw Schedule or as may be approved in writing by Lender. 
 
 6. Representations and Warranties of Borrower 
 
 In order to induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Borrower represents and warrants to Lender that the following statements are true and correct as of the Effective Date 
 
 6.1 there are no Defaults or Events of Default under the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document except for the Prior Defaults, if any 
 
 6.2 Borrower has the full power, authority and legal right to enter into this Agreement and all documents, acknowledgments and instruments delivered in connection herewith, and this Agreement and such other documents, acknowledgments and instruments have been duly authorized by the governing body of Borrower and 
 
 6.3 this Agreement and all documents, acknowledgments and instruments delivered in connection herewith constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrower and are enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 
 
 7. Conditions Precedent 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective upon satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions precedent, in each case as reasonably determined by Lender 
 
 7.1 this Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by Borrower and Lender 
 
 7.2 Lender shall have received from Parent a fully executed counterpart to the acknowledgment and consent to this Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , which acknowledgment shall be considered part of the defined term Agreement and 

1 For example, if such proceeds equal 40,000,000, then the deposited amount would equal 18,000,000, which is 
 22,500,000 multiplied by 80 40,000,000 divided by 50,000,000). And if such proceeds were 30,000,000, then the deposited amount would equal 13,500,000, which is 22,500,000 multiplied by 60 30,000,000 divided by 50,000,000). 
 
 5 

7.3 Borrower shall have delivered to Lender valid resolutions of the governing body of Borrower authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement and all documents, acknowledgments and instruments delivered in connection herewith. 
 
 8. General Provisions 
 
 8.1 Incorporation by Reference . Sections 1.2 Rules of Interpretation ), 9.2 Addresses ), 
 9.6 Successors and Assigns ), 9.8 Entire Agreement ), 9.9 Governing Law ), 9.10 Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers ), 9.11 Severability ), 9.16 Waiver of Jury Trial and 9.17 Counterparts of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 
 8.2 Amendment . No term of this Agreement (or the exhibits and schedules attached hereto) may be waived, modified or amended except in a writing signed by Borrower and Lender. 
 
 8.3 No Waiver . Lender s failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower and the other Borrower Parties of any provision of this Agreement and any of the other Financing Documents shall not waive, affect or diminish any right of Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. Any suspension or waiver of a Default or an Event of Default shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Default or Event of Default whether the same is prior or subsequent thereto and whether the same or of a different type. 
 
 8.4 Time of Essence . Time is of the essence in the payment and performance of each of the obligations of Borrower and the other Borrower Parties and with respect to all covenants and conditions to be satisfied by Borrower and the other Borrower Parties in this Agreement and all documents, acknowledgments and instruments delivered in connection herewith. 
 
 8.5 No Strict Construction . Each of the parties represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed this Agreement with its counsel. This Agreement and all other agreements and documents executed in connection therewith have been prepared through the joint efforts of all of the parties. Neither the provisions of this Agreement or any such other agreements and documents nor any alleged ambiguity shall be interpreted or resolved against any party on the ground that such party s counsel drafted this Agreement or such other agreements and documents, or based on any other rule of strict construction. 
 
 8.6 Further Assurances . Borrower shall promptly take all further actions and execute all further documents as Lender may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, provided , however , that this provision shall not be interpreted as expanding any obligations of Borrower hereunder or under any Financing Document. 
 
 8.7 Headings Descriptive . The headings of the several sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 6 

8.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries . The terms and provisions of this Agreement are for the purpose of defining the relative rights and obligations of Borrower and Lender with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and no Person shall be a third party beneficiary of any of the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 8.9 Reference to and Effect Upon the Credit Agreement and other Financing Documents . 
 
 (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, all terms, conditions, covenants, representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document, and all rights of Lender and all Obligations of Borrower and the other Borrower Parties thereunder, shall remain in full force and effect. Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms that the Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents are in full force and effect and that Borrower and the other Borrower Parties have no presently exercisable defenses, setoffs or counterclaims to the Obligations under the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document. Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement is and shall constitute a Financing Document. 
 
 (b) Except as expressly set forth herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement and any consents and waivers set forth herein shall not directly or indirectly (i) constitute a consent or waiver of any past, present or future violations of any provisions of the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Documents, (ii) amend, modify or operate as a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document, or any right, power or remedy of Lender thereunder, or (iii) constitute a course of dealing or other basis for altering any Obligations of Borrower under the Credit Agreement, any other Financing Document, or any other contract or instrument. 

SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 
 
 LENDER 
 
 CEFF II APPHARVEST HOLDINGS, LLC , By 
 
 EqCEF II, LLC, its manager 

By s Nicholas Houshower Name Nicholas Houshower 
 Title Principal 

BORROWER 
 
 APPHARVEST RICHMOND FARM, LLC 

By s Loren Joseph Eggleton 
 Name Loren Joseph Eggleton Title Chief Financial Officer 

EXHIBIT A REAFFIRMATION OF PARENT GUARANTY 
 
 The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of the attached Waiver and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Agreement ), and consents to the execution and performance thereof by AppHarvest Richmond Farm, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Borrower ). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby also reaffirms that (i) its guarantee of the Obligations, dated as of August 10, 2021 (as amended, modified or supplemented, the Parent Guaranty ), in favor of Lender, and (ii) any Financing Documents (as amended, modified or supplemented) to which it is a party, each remain in full force and effect and are confirmed and ratified in all respects. 
 
 The undersigned hereby further acknowledges and agrees that there is no presently exercisable defense, setoff or counterclaim of any kind, nature or description to any obligations arising under such Parent Guaranty or other Financing Document, and that the rights and remedies of the Lender thereunder and with respect thereto remain in full force and effect and are confirmed and ratified in all respects. 
 
 Dated December 20, 2022 

APPHARVEST, INC. , a Delaware corporation, as a Borrower Party and guarantor of the Obligations 

By s Loren Eggleton 
 Name Loren Eggleton 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.34>
 4
 a1034raf-appharvestxsecond.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 
 Exhibit 10.34 

 SECOND ADDENDUM TO MASTER CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This Second Addendum to Master Credit Agreement (this Second Addendum is entered into and is dated as of February 2, 2023 and made effective as of December 27, 2022 between APPHARVEST MOREHEAD FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Party and RABO AGRIFINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Lender ). The Party and the Lender agree as follows 
 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENT. The Party and the Lender have entered into that certain Master Credit Agreement dated as of June 15, 2021 (as amended by that certain Addendum to Master Credit Agreement dated as of December 27, 2022 (the First Addendum along with any and all other modifications or amendments thereto (the Credit Agreement )). Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Second Addendum shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Second Addendum shall not by implication or otherwise alter, modify, amend, or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants, or agreements contained in the First Addendum , all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 The Party and the Lender agree that if not remedied pursuant to this Second Addendum, the Party is and continues to be in breach of Section 2.02(a) (Change in Management). Specifically, (i) on October 28, 2022, the Party announced, by filing a Form 8-K with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the resignation of David Lee, as President, (ii) on November 7, 2022, the Party announced, by filing a quarterly report on Form 10-Q with the SEC, the separation of Julie Nelson, as Chief Operating Officer, and (iii) on July 23, 2022 the Party separated employment with Derek Lyons as General Counsel (collectively, the Management Change Breaches ). The Lender acknowledges receipt of written notice from the Party of the replacement of the Party s Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel, as required by the MCA. The Lender is willing to waive the Management Change Breaches in consideration of the accommodations and concessions contained herein. In particular 
 
 (1) As required pursuant to the First Addendum, the Party established that certain Reserve Account for the benefit of the Lender that is subject to that certain Blocked Account Control Agreement dated as of August 31, 2022 by and among the Party, the Lender and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The Party and the Lender have agreed to modify certain provisions related to the Reserve Account in this Second Addendum and 
 
 (2) The Party has agreed to enter into a Master Security Agreement of even date herewith whereby the Party assigns and grants to Lender a further security interest in the Collateral (as defined therein), including but not limited to the Reserve Account. 
 
 The Party acknowledges that it will derive a substantial benefit from the loans, advances, extensions of credit, and or other financial accommodations to be provided by the Lender hereunder, and the Party further acknowledges that it will receive at least reasonably equivalent value from the loans, advances, extensions of credit, and or other financial accommodations to be provided by the Lender hereunder in exchange for its various obligations to the Lender and in exchange for the various security interests and liens granted by it to the Lender, all as set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Party and Lender wish to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Party and Lender agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . The defined term, Reserve Account, as set forth in the Schedule of Definitions and Covenants pursuant to the First Addendum, is hereby amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows 
 Reserve Account means that certain deposit account of the Borrower ending in and maintained with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPM ), subject to that certain Blocked Account Control Agreement dated as of August 31, 2022 by and among the Borrower, the Lender and JPM, into which account deposits are made in accordance with the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents. 
 2. Amendment to Section 1.02(d) of the Applicable Obligor Covenants Schedule. Section 1.02(d), as set forth in the Applicable Obligor Covenants Schedule attached to the Credit Agreement as Exhibit B, and as amended pursuant to the First Addendum, is hereby amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows 
 (d) Reserve Account . AppHarvest Morehead Farm, LLC shall deposit 10,000,000.00 into the Reserve Account on or before December 31, 2022. The Reserve Account shall be subject to a control agreement entered into by the Borrower, the Lender and the depository bank pursuant to which the Lender shall be authorized, at a minimum, to sweep the Reserve Account at any time, without further authorization from the Borrower. The Borrower and the Lender shall enter into that certain Master Security Agreement effective as of even date herewith, substantially in the form attached hereto as Appendix 1, whereby the Borrower assigns and grants to the Lender a security interest in the Collateral (as defined therein), including but not limited to the Reserve Account. The Reserve Account shall be classified as a current asset of the Borrower. The Reserve Account shall be in an amount sufficient to satisfy the Leverage Ratio as of any measurement date, or in such an amount as Lender, in its sole discretion, deems necessary. In the event that the Reserve Account is insufficient to satisfy the Leverage Ratio as of any measurement date (or such other amount as may be required by Lender), Borrower shall make a sufficient deposit to cure such deficiency within 15 days. 
 3. Waiver of Breaches . Lender hereby waives, and will not pursue or exercise any remedies with respect to, the Management Change Breaches. The foregoing waiver relates solely to the Management Change Breaches to the extent described above and nothing in this Second Addendum shall be deemed, or is intended, to (x) constitute a waiver of compliance by the Party with respect to any other term, provision, or condition of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any other instrument or agreement referred to therein or (y) prejudice any right or remedy that the Lender may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any other instrument or agreement referred to therein. 
 4. Modification Agreement . This Second Addendum does not release or extinguish the Loan under the Credit Agreement. All Collateral granted to or for the benefit of Lender for purposes of securing the Loan also secures the Loan under the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Addendum and Party reaffirms the terms and provisions of all Collateral Documents including, without limitation, each previous assignment or grant of a security interest in Party s deposit accounts. 
 5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . 
 (a) On and after the date hereof, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this agreement , hereunder hereof , herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 (b) Except as specifically amended by any prior amendments, the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

(c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Second Addendum shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Lender under the Credit Agreement, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement. 
 6. Execution in Counterparts . This Second Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Second Addendum and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Kentucky Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 7. Expenses . The Party shall pay on demand all costs and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, filing, and administration of this Second Addendum (including, without limitation, Legal Fees incurred in connection with the preparation of this Second Addendum and advising the Lender as to its rights, and the cost of any credit verification reports or field examinations of the Party s properties or books and records). The Party s indebtedness to the Lender under this Section shall survive termination of this Second Addendum and repayment of the Loan under the Credit Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Second Addendum to be executed as of the date first above written. 
 PARTY Address for Notices APPHARVEST MOREHEAD FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 500 Appalachian Way Morehead, KY 40351 Alternate address for notice by U.S. Mail 
 401 W. Main Street, Suite 321 
 Lexington, KY 40507 
 By 
 s Loren Joseph Eggleton LOREN JOSEPH EGGLETON Chief Financial Officer 

2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

LENDER Address for Notices RABO AGRIFINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 14767 N. Outer 40 Rd., Suite 400 Chesterfield, MO 63017 
 Attention Loan Operations 
 By 
 s Jeff Hanson JEFF HANSON Vice President 

3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.38>
 5
 exhibit1038mastronardibe.htm
 EX-10.38

exhibit1038mastronardibe 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

(b) At the Closing, the costs of the following will be included in the calculation of the Purchase Price to be paid by Buyer: (i) all documentary stamp, transfer, surtax, excise taxes, or other levies or charges of any kind and nature, payable upon the transfer of the Property and/or recordation of the Deed; (ii) the cost of the Title Company's charges and recording fees for recording satisfactions of mortgages; (iii) the cost of that certain Owner's Policy of Title Insurance issued by Title Company to Buyer as of the date hereof; (iv) the Title Company's escrow charges; and (v) Buyer's own legal and consulting fees and costs. At the Closing, Seller shall be responsible for payment of its own legal fees and costs. 7. Notices. All notices, consents, authorizations and approvals required to be given hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by (a) certified mail, return receipt requested, (b) personal delivery by messenger, with written acknowledgment ofreceipt returned to sender, or (c) a nationally recognized overnight courier service, to Seller or Buyer, as applicable, as follows: Ifto Seller: AppHarvest Berea Farm, LLC 500 Appalachian Way Morehead, KY 40351 Attention: Jonathan Webb, CEO and Loren Eggleton, CFO E- mail: [ ] With a copy to: Cooley LLP Ifto Buyer: and: 11951 Freedom Drive, Suite 1400 Reston, VA 20190 Attention: John G. Lavoie E-mail: [ ] Mastronardi Berea LLC c/o Mastronardi Produce - USA, Inc. 28700 Plymouth Road Livonia, Michigan 48150 Attention: David Einstandig, SVP and General Counsel E-mail: [ ] c/o Mastronardi Produce Limited 2100 Road 4 East Kingsville, ON N9Y 2E5 Canada Attention: Richard Ball, CFO E-mail: [ ] With a copy to: Davis Polk Wardwell LLP #96273833v20 450 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10017 Attention: Leonard Kreynin and Brian D. Hirsch E-mail: [ ] 11 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

and: With a copy to: COPRA Amsterdam C.V. Jachthavenweg 111 1081 KM Amsterdam The Netherlands Attention: David Levin, Johanna Waterous and Bernard Roelvink Email: [ ] Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP 1050 Connecticut Avenue, N.W. Washington, DC 20036-5306 Attention: Andrew Herman E-mail: [ ] or at such other address(es) and to such other parties as Seller or Buyer shall, from time to time, designate by notice given to the other in the manner herein above provided. Notices shall be effective on the date delivered by hand or by reputable overnight courier or, if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested. A notice given by counsel for Seller or Buyer shall be deemed a valid notice if addressed and sent in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7. 8. Commissions. Seller and Buyer each hereby represent and warrant to each other that, (a) such party has not contracted or entered into any agreement with any real estate broker, agent, finder or any other person or entity in connection with this transaction, and (b) such party has not taken any action that would result in any real estate broker's, agent's, finder's or other fees or commissions being due to any person or entity with respect to this transaction. Seller and Buyer hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold each other harmless from any and all damages, liabilities, costs and claims suffered or incurred by the other party as a result of the foregoing representation and warranty made by such party being untrue in any respect. 9. Assigns. Seller shall not assign this Agreement or delegate its duties hereunder. Buyer may, after written notice to Seller prior to Closing, (i) direct that the Deed be granted to an entity under common Control with Buyer by notice to Seller or (ii) assign its rights under this Agreement to an entity under common Control with Buyer. Otherwise, Buyer may not assign or transfer all or any portion of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any other individual, entity or person without the prior written consent thereto by Seller. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, permitted successors and assigns. 10. Disclosure. Buyer and Seller shall keep information regarding terms of this Agreement, confidential and neither Party will announce or otherwise make public the terms of this transaction without the prior consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, except that each Party may disclose the terms this Agreement (a) on a confidential basis to its, and its Affiliates', officers, directors, employees, accountants, agents, existing or potential partners, investors and/or financing sources, and legal counsel as reasonably necessary to effectuate the closing of the transaction contemplated herein or, with respect to potential partners, investors and/or financing sources, as reasonably necessary 12 #96273833v20 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. SELLER: APPHARVEST BEREA FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: AppHarvest Operations, Inc., a Delaware public benefit corporation Its: Sole Me;;!ber . By: /s/ Loren Eggleton Name: Loren Eggfeton Title: Chief Financial Officer BUYER: MASTRONARDI BEREA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: __________ _ Name: Title: [Signature Page Berea SLB Purchase and Sale Agreement] Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. SELLER: APPHARVEST BEREA FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: AppHarvest Operations, Inc., a Delaware public benefit corporation Its: Sole Member By:------------ Name: Title: BUYER: MASTRONARDI BEREA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company r:DocuSlgne by By: 93 !: Ji Name: Paul Mastronardi Title: President and Chief Executive Officer [Signature Page -Berea SLB Purchase and Sale Agreement] Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [ ] because such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 6
 exhibit1039mastronardibe.htm
 EX-10.39

exhibit1039mastronardibe 

Option to Renew : (Article 1) Base Rent : (Article 2) Lease Rate : (Article 2) Net Lease : Prepaid Rent : (Article 2) Permitted Use : (Article 3) Address of Tenant : (Article .lQ) #96319073v33 Tenant shall have four (4) five (5) year options to renew at rent calculated in accordance with Section 1.4 hereof. Beginning on the Commencement Date until the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date, a monthly amount equal to 793,975.20. 7 .5 annual rate. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that this is an absolute triple net lease and that Landlord shall receive the Base Rent during the Term, free from all charges, assessments, impositions, expenses and deductions of any and every kind or nature whatsoever relating to the Leased Property. Landlord shall have no obligations relating to the repair, maintenance or operation of the Leased Property, or any part thereof. Tenant shall be solely responsible for same. An amount equal to 19,055,404.88. The Leased Property shall be used in compliance with the Standards (as defined herein) and solely for the purposes of the operation and maintenance of a controlled environmental agriculture facility to produce and sell crops or other plant material (and associated and ancillary products) produced at the Facility, and for incidental uses related thereto, and for no other use or purpose, in each such case, to the extent Tenant remains in compliance with current zoning for the Site and all Applicable Laws. AppHarvest Berea Farm, LLC 500 Appalachian Way Morehead, KY 40351 Attention: Jonathan Webb, CEO and Loren Eggleton, CFO E-mail: [ ] With a copy to: Cooley LLP 11951 Freedom Drive, Suite 1400 Reston, VA 20190 Attention: John G. Lavoie E-mail: [ ] 3 

Address of Landlord : (Article 10) #96319073v33 c/o Mastronardi Produce - USA, Inc. 28700 Plymouth Road Livonia, Michigan 48150 Attention: David Einstandig, SVP and General Counsel E-mail: [ ] and: c/o Mastronardi Produce Limited 2100 Road 4 East Kingsville, ON N9Y 2E5 Canada Attention: Richard Ball, CFO E-mail: [ ] With a copy to: Davis Polk Wardwell LLP 450 Lexington A venue New York, New York 10017 Attention: Leonard Kreynin and Brian D. Hirsch E-mail: [ ] 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Lease on the day and year first above written. LANDLORD MASTRONARDI BEREA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: __________ _ Name: Title: TENANT APPHARVEST BEREA FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: AppHarvest Operations, Inc., a Delaware public benefit corporation Its: Sole Member By: /s/ Loren Eggleton Name: Loren Eggleton Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page - Berea SLB Master Lease] 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 7
 exhibit1040appharvest-am.htm
 EX-10.40

exhibit1040appharvest-am 

AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Amendment this 20th day of February 2023 Effective Date LOREN EGGLETON (the Employee APPHARVEST, INC. Company RECITALS A. The Company and the Employee have entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated as of December 11, 2020 Employment Agreement B. The Company and the Employee desire to amend the Employment Agreement as provided in this Amendment. AGREEMENT The parties agree to the following: 1. Amendment to Subsections 6.1(b)(i) and (ii). Subsections 6.1(b)(i) and (ii) of the Employment Agreement are hereby amended and replaced in their entirety as follows: (i) The Company will pay Employee an amount equal Base Salary for twelve (12) months, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, and date following the Release Effective Date (as defined below), with the remaining (ii) If Employee timely elects continued coverage under the Consolidated COBRA or Employee and termination, then the Company shall pay the COBRA premiums necessary to continue Emplo of: (i) twelve (12) months following the termination date; (ii) the date when Employee becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (iii) the date Employee ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination (such period from the termination date through the earlier of (i)- COBRA Payment Period a violation of applicable law (including, but not limited to, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying COBRA premiums pursuant to this Section, the Company shall pay Employee on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA premium for such month, subject to applicable tax withholding, for the remainder of the COBRA Payment Period. Nothing in this Agreement shall deprive Employee of his rights under 

COBRA or ERISA for benefits under plans and policies arising under his employment by the Company. 2. No Other Amendments. Except as modified or amended in this Amendment, no other term or provision of the Employment Agreement is amended or modified in any respect. The Employment Agreement, and this Amendment, set forth the entire understanding between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral discussions or written communications and agreements. This Amendment cannot be modified or amended except in writing signed by the Executive and an authorized officer of the Company. The parties have executed this Amendment to Employment Agreement on the day and year first written above. APPHARVEST, INC. By: Name: Jonathan Webb Title: CEO Employee: Loren Eggleton /s/ Johathan Webb /s/ Loren Eggleton 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 8
 a1041appharvest-eggletonsp.htm
 EX-10.41

Document 

RETENTION BONUS AGREEMENT 
 This Retention Bonus Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of February 20, 2023, is made and entered into by and between AppHarvest, Inc. (the Company and Loren Eggleton Executive (collectively, the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ Executive through, and to motivate Executive to assist in achieving, the consummation of a strategic transaction, whether through the issuance and sale of equity securities of the Company in a bona fide financing transaction, the sale of an asset or assets of the Company or its subsidiaries or the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined in the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan) or a similar transaction that is determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its reasonable discretion, to constitute a Transaction for the purposes of this Agreement (the Transaction , and the date of the closing of such Transaction, the Transaction Date ). 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, the adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. The Company agrees to pay Executive the Transaction Bonus (as defined below) less applicable withholding and deductions, within sixty (60) days following the Transaction Date, so long as Executive (i) remains continuously employed by the Company through the Transaction Date, except as set forth herein and (ii) delivers to the Company an executed general release of claims in favor of the Company in a form presented by the Company (the Release within the timeframe provided by the Company and allows such Release to become effective in accordance with its terms. In all cases, the Release must become effective and irrevocable in order for Executive to be eligible to receive the Transaction Bonus. For purposes of this Agreement, Transaction Bonus means (i) 300,000 if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 75 million but less than 100 million (ii) 600,000 if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 100 million but less than 125 million (iii) 900,000 if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 125 million but less than 150 million or (iv) 1.2 million if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 150 million. The amount of the bonus will be calculated using straight line interpolation for gross proceed levels between the above-referenced tiers (e.g., if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of 87.5 million, the Transaction Bonus would be 450,000). 
 2. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason prior to the Transaction Date, no Transaction Bonus shall be paid unless (i) such termination was by the Company without Cause or by Executive with Good Reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreement between Executive and the Company dated December 11, 2020, as amended (the Employment Agreement )) in the three month period preceding the Transaction Date, and (ii) Executive fully complies with the obligations set forth in Section 6.1(c) of the Employment Agreement. 
 3. The Parties agree that this Agreement is for the sole purpose of providing a Transaction Bonus to Executive. This Agreement does not constitute an employment contract between Executive and the Company for any specific time period and does not in any way alter Executive s status as an at-will employee. By signing this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges that Executive s employment can be terminated at any time, by Executive or Company, with or without a reason. 
 4. This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, without reference to its conflict of laws rules. 
 5. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall permit the assignment by Executive of any of Executive s rights or obligations hereunder, and such assignment by Executive is expressly prohibited. The Company may assign this Agreement to an entity affiliated or related to the Company. 
 1 

6. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 7. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be considered waived except when set forth in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 
 8. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties with regard to the Company s provision of a Retention Bonus to Executive. This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous discussions, representations, correspondence or agreements, whether oral or written, pertaining to the Retention Bonus. All other agreements with regard to Executive s employment shall remain in full force and effect. Any modifications to this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 
 9. The parties have each reviewed this Agreement and understand the terms and conditions hereof. Each party has entered into this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly and without coercion or duress. 
 10. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the parties intend that payments under this Agreement shall be exempt from (and if not exempt from, comply with) Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. Executive shall be solely responsible for the tax consequences with respect to all amounts payable under this Agreement. 
 11. In the event that the payments and benefits (the Payments paid or provided to Executive under the Agreement or otherwise (a) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code Section 280G ), and (b) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code Section 4999 ), then the Payments shall be either, as agreed to between the parties, (x) delivered in full, or (y) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to excise tax under Section 4999, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the Payments, notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payments may be taxable under Section 4999. 
 Dated Executive 

s Loren Eggleton 
 Loren Eggleton Dated Company 
 
 By s Jonathan Webb 
 
 Name Jonathan Webb 
 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

2 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 9
 ex1042appharvest-amendme.htm
 EX-10.42

ex1042appharvest-amendme 

AMENDMENT TO RETENTION BONUS AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT TO RETENTION BONUS AGREEMENT (the Amendment is entered into this 14th day of March 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between LOREN EGGLETON (the Employee and APPHARVEST, INC. (the Company ). RECITALS A. The Company and the Employee have entered into that certain Retention Bonus Agreement effective as of February 20, 2023 (the Retention Bonus Agreement ). B. The Company and the Employee desire to amend the Retention Bonus Agreement as provided in this Amendment. AGREEMENT The parties agree to the following: 1. Amendment to Recital. The second paragraph is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety as follows: WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ Executive through, and to motivate Executive to assist in achieving, the consummation of a strategic transaction, whether through the issuance and sale of equity securities of the Company in a bona fide financing transaction, the sale of an asset or assets of the Company or its subsidiaries or the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined in the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan) or a similar transaction that is determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its reasonable discretion, to constitute a Transaction for the purposes of this Agreement (the Transaction, and the date of the closing of such Transaction, the Transaction Date ). 2. Amendment to Section 1. Section 1 is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety as follows: The Company agrees to pay Executive the Transaction Bonus (as defined below) less applicable withholding and deductions, within sixty (60) days following the Transaction Date, so long as Executive: (i) remains continuously employed by the Company through the Transaction Date, except as set forth herein; and (ii) delivers to the Company an executed general release of claims in favor of the Company in a form presented by the Company (the Release within the timeframe provided by the Company and allows such Release to become effective in accordance with its terms. In all cases, the Release must become effective and irrevocable in order for Executive to be eligible to receive the Transaction Bonus. For purposes of this Agreement, Transaction Bonus means: (i) 300,000 if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 75 million but less than 100 million; (ii) 600,000 if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 100 million but less than 125 million; (iii) 900,000 if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 125 million but less than 150 million; or (iv) 1.2 million if the Transaction results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of at least 150 million. The amount of the bonus will be calculated using straight line interpolation for gross proceed levels between the above-referenced tiers (e.g., if the Transaction 

results in gross proceeds to the Company or its stockholders, as applicable, of 87.5 million, the Transaction Bonus would be 450,000). 3. Amendment to Section 2. Section 2 is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety as follows: If Executive s employment terminates for any reason prior to the Transaction Date, no Transaction Bonus shall be paid unless (i) such termination was by the Company without Cause or by Executive with Good Reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreement between Executive and the Company dated December 11, 2020, as amended (the Employment Agreement )) in the three month period preceding the Transaction Date, and (ii) Executive fully complies with the obligations set forth in Section 6.1(c) of the Employment Agreement. 4. Additional Section. The following is hereby added as Section 11: In the event that the payments and benefits (the Payments paid or provided to Executive under the Agreement or otherwise (a) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code Section 280G ), and (b) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code Section 4999 ), then the Payments shall be either, as agreed to between the parties, (x) delivered in full, or (y) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to excise tax under Section 4999, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the Payments, notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payments may be taxable under Section 4999. 5. No Other Amendments. Except as modified or amended in this Amendment, no other term or provision of the Retention Bonus Agreement is amended or modified in any respect. The Retention Bonus Agreement, and this Amendment, set forth the entire understanding between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral discussions or written communications and agreements. This Amendment cannot be modified or amended except in writing signed by the Executive and an authorized officer of the Company. The parties have executed this Amendment to Retention Bonus Agreement on the day and year first written above. APPHARVEST, INC. By: Name: Jonathan Webb Title: CEO Employee: Loren Eggleton /s/ Jonathan Webb /s/ Loren Eggleton 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.43>
 10
 a1043promissorynoteandloan.htm
 EX-10.43

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

NOTE AND LOAN AGREEMENT 
 Up to 30,000,000.00 
 THIS NOTE AND LOAN AGREEMENT (this Note dated as of October 24, 2022, is made by APPHARVEST BEREA FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Maker ), as follows 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED , Maker, promises to pay to the order of MASTRONARDI PRODUCE-USA, INC., a Michigan corporation (together with its successors and assigns, Payee ), with an address at 28700 Plymouth Road, Livonia Michigan 48150, or at such other place as may be designated in writing by the holder of this Note, the principal sum of up to THIRTY MILLION AND 00 100 DOLLARS 30,000,000.00) or so much thereof as shall have been advanced pursuant to this Note, in lawful money of the United States of America, together with interest thereon from the date hereof, payable on the terms and at the Interest Rate as set forth herein. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed to them in that certain Mortgage and Assignment of Leases and Rents and Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated as of the date hereof made by Maker in favor of Payee (the Mortgage ), securing this Note and encumbering that certain real property commonly known as the AppHarvest Berea Farm and Facility located at 1000 Farristown Industrial Road, Berea, Kentucky (Madison County). 
 IT IS HEREBY EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED THAT 
 1. Advances . Except as expressly and specifically set forth herein, Payee has no obligation or other commitment to loan any funds to Maker or otherwise make disbursements to Maker. Advances under this Note shall be made as follows 
 (a) On the date hereof, Payee shall advance to Maker Fifteen Million and 00 100 Dollars 15,000,000.00). 
 (b) Provided that no Event of Default has occurred and the conditions set forth in Section 6 below are satisfied, on November 21, Payee shall advance to Maker Fifteen Million and 00 100 Dollars 15,000,000.00). 
 (c) All sums advanced pursuant to this Note shall be deemed advances of the Loan and shall be evidenced by this Note and secured by the Mortgage. Any amount borrowed and repaid hereunder may not be re-borrowed. 
 2. Payments . Payments under this Note shall be due and payable as follows 
 (a) Payments of interest only in arrears on the first (1 st day of each calendar month, commencing on November 1, 2022 and continuing on the first (1 st day of each calendar month thereafter with a final payment on December 19, 2022 (as such date may be extended pursuant to and in accordance with Section 11 hereof, the Maturity Date ), each such date being referred to herein as a Payment Date . Notwithstanding any provision in this Note to the contrary, prior to the Maturity Date, in lieu of paying in cash the interest accrued to any Payment Date, any accrued but unpaid interest shall be capitalized and added as of such Payment Date to the principal amount of this Note (the PIK Amount ). Such PIK Amount shall bear interest from the applicable Payment Date at the Interest Rate and be payable in the same manner as in the case of the original principal amount of this Note and shall otherwise be treated as principal of this Note for all purposes. From and after each Payment Date, the principal amount of this Note shall, without further action on the part of Maker or Payee be deemed to be increased by the PIK Amount so capitalized and added to principal in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 1 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

(b) On the Maturity Date, all outstanding principal (including PIK Amounts), together with all accrued and unpaid interest, and any other sums payable under the Loan Documents (as such term is defined in the Mortgage). 
 (c) This Note may be prepaid (whether as a result of optional prepayment, default or otherwise) in whole or in part in accordance with the following provisions (i) Maker shall provide Payee with at least three (3) business days notice and (ii) Maker shall pay Payee all outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, and any other sums payable under the Loan Documents. Upon acceptance of any proffered prepayment, all amounts due under this Note and the Mortgage shall be irrevocably due and payable in full on such date as if such date were the Maturity Date. Payment at maturity or upon prepayment shall be made by wire transfer and received in Payee s bank account at or before 3 00 P.M. on a day on which both state and federally chartered banks are open for business in New York City. Payment shall include interest computed to and including the date of payment receipt. 
 3. Interest . The interest rate in effect on any date for the period beginning on the date hereof through and including the date that this Note is paid in full, shall be equal to seven and one-half percent (7.5 per annum (the Interest Rate ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any payment due hereunder (including, but not limited to, the entire principal balance under this Note if accelerated or otherwise matured) is not paid when due, or if any other Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then the entire outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Default Rate, from the due date of such payment to and including the date when paid, or from the occurrence of the default giving rise to the other Event of Default to and including the earlier of (i) the date on which the indebtedness evidenced hereby has been repaid in full, or (ii) the date on which such Event of Default shall have been cured, as the case may be. Default Rate shall mean a rate of interest equal to the lesser of twelve and one-half percent (12.5 per annum or the maximum legal rate at the time any such interest is to be calculated. All interest due hereunder shall be calculated on the basis of a three-hundred sixty (360) day year for the actual number of days elapsed. 
 4. Miscellaneous Terms . 
 (a) The principal sum evidenced by this Note shall become due on the happening of any default or event by which, under the terms of the Mortgage, said principal sum may or shall become due and payable also, that all of the covenants, conditions and agreements contained in the Mortgage are hereby made part of this instrument. 
 (b) Presentment and demand for payment, notice of dishonor, notice of intention to accelerate, notice of acceleration, protest and notice of protest and non-payment are hereby waived. 
 (c) It is expressly stipulated and agreed to be the intent of Maker and Payee at all times to comply with applicable state law or applicable United States federal law (to the extent that it permits Payee to contract for, charge, take, reserve, or receive a greater amount of interest than under state law) and that this paragraph shall control every other covenant and agreement in this Note and the other Loan Documents. If the applicable law (state or federal) is ever judicially interpreted so as to render usurious any amount called for under this Note or under any of the other Loan Documents, or contracted for, charged, taken, reserved, or received with respect to the indebtedness evidenced by this Note, or if Payee s exercise of the option to accelerate the Maturity Date, or if any prepayment results in Maker having paid any interest in excess of that permitted by applicable law, then it is Payee s express intent that all excess amounts theretofore collected by Payee shall be credited on the principal balance of this Note and the provisions of this Note and the other Loan Documents immediately be deemed reformed and the amounts thereafter collectible hereunder and thereunder reduced, without the necessity of the execution of any new documents, so as to comply with the applicable law, but so as to permit the recovery of the fullest 
 2 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

amount otherwise called for hereunder or thereunder. All sums paid or agreed to be paid to Payee for the indebtedness evidenced by this Note shall be amortized, prorated, allocated, and spread throughout the full stated term of the Note until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note does not exceed the maximum lawful rate from time to time in effect and applicable to such indebtedness. 
 (d) This Note is, and shall be deemed to be, a contract entered into under and pursuant to the laws of the State of New York and shall in all respects be governed, construed, applied and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law of such State. No defense given or allowed by the laws of any other state or country shall be interposed in any action or proceeding hereon unless such defense is also given or allowed by the laws of the State of New York. Maker irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of New York and waives any objection to said venue. 
 (e) THE MAKER HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY THE PAYEE ON THIS NOTE, ANY AND EVERY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO (I) A TRIAL BY JURY, AND (II) HAVE THE SAME CONSOLIDATED WITH ANY OTHER OR SEPARATE SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN WHICH THERE IS A JURY TRIAL OR IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL IS REQUIRED. THE MAKER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER IS INFORMED AND FREELY GIVEN. 
 (f) This Note may not be changed or terminated orally. 
 5. Conditions to Closing . The initial advance hereunder shall be made to Maker on the date hereof upon satisfaction of all of the following conditions (the Initial Funding Conditions 
 (a) Loan Documents . Payee shall have received and approved fully executed originals of the Loan Documents. 
 (b) UCC Searches . Payee shall have received Federal, state and local tax and judgment lien searches and searches of the appropriate Uniform Commercial Code filing offices showing no Liens affecting the Mortgaged Property or Maker, other than the Permitted Encumbrances. 
 (c) Insurance . Payee shall have received original copies of the insurance certificates required under the Mortgage, showing that all such insurance is in effect, satisfactory to Payee in its sole but reasonable discretion, together with evidence of the payment of all premiums payable for the existing policy period. 
 (d) Formation, Authority and Good Standing Documents . Payee shall have received and approved the following items (i) evidence of the due organization or incorporation and good standing of Maker (and its constituents), as certified by the Secretary of State of such party s State of organization or incorporation, the Secretary of State of the State where the Mortgaged Property is located and any other jurisdiction where such party is required to qualify to do business and maintain its good standing therein (ii) true, correct and complete copies of all organizational documents of Maker (and its constituents) and (iii) evidence of the due authorization of this transaction by, including, without limitation, corporate, partnership or limited liability company resolutions specifically authorizing this transaction and incumbency certificates with original specimen signatures for the officers signing the Loan Documents. 
 3 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

(e) Title Insurance Policy . Payee shall have received and approved the Title Insurance Policy, insuring that Payee has a valid and perfected first Lien as of the date hereof on the Mortgaged Property, with respect to the Mortgage, 
 (f) Opinions of Maker s Counsel . Prior to Closing, Payee shall have received and approved legal opinions from Maker s counsel, whose identity must be reasonably satisfactory to Payee, addressing corporate, partnership and limited liability organization, authority and good standing, the enforceability of the Loan Documents and such other matters which Payee may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Payee, and subject to typical carve-outs and exclusions. 
 (g) Marketing Agreement . The recordation of a memorandum of agreement Memorandum of Marketing Agreement against the Mortgaged Property for the Purchase & Marketing Agreement between AppHarvest, Inc. and Mastronardi Produce Limited Marketing Agreement that runs with the land and is binding on successor owners and or occupants of the Mortgaged Property. 
 (h) Exclusivity Agreement . The execution of an exclusivity agreement with Maker granting Payee and its affiliates exclusivity for 30 days with respect to any sale-leaseback of the Mortgaged Property Sale Leaseback subject to the right of first refusal granted to Equilibrium Sustainable Foods, LLC EQ pursuant to that certain Right of First Refusal Agreement dated as of May 13, 2019 between EQ and AppHarvest, Inc. (as amended and assigned, the ROFR Agreement ). 
 (i) Cash Flow Forecast . Payee shall have received and approved the initial Cash Flow Forecast. 
 (j) Budget and Schedule . Payee shall have received and approved the Berea Project Budget and Schedule. 
 (k) Patriot Act . Payee shall have received all documents and information deemed necessary by Payee to comply with Section 326 of the Patriot Act and regulations promulgated pursuant to such law. 
 6. Conditions on Future Advances . Future advances hereunder shall be made to Maker as provided herein and shall be subject to upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (the Subsequent Funding Conditions 
 (a) Initial Funding Conditions . The completion or continued completion of the Initial Funding Conditions. 
 (b) Performance No Default . Maker shall have performed and complied with all terms and conditions herein required to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the date of such disbursement, and on the date of such disbursement there shall exist no Event of Default. 
 (c) Cash Flow Forecast . Payee shall have approved an updated Cash Flow Forecast. 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by Maker in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date on which made (or if made solely with reference to a specific date, as of the date when originally made) and shall also be true and correct as if remade on the applicable advance date provided that Maker shall be permitted to update such representations and warranties in writing so long as such 
 4 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

update is not the result of any breach of a covenant of Maker under the Loan Documents and does not disclose any Event of Default by Maker. 
 (e) Title Insurance . Payee shall have received and approved a date-down endorsement to the Title Insurance Policy, insuring that Payee has a valid and perfected first Lien as of the date the advance is to be made, with respect to the Mortgage. 
 (f) Survey . Payee shall have received an ALTA survey, which shall be reasonably acceptable to Payee and prepared and be certified to the Title Company, Payee and their respective successors and assigns, in accordance with a survey certification reasonably acceptable to Payee. 
 (g) Costs and Expenses . Payee (and its affiliates) shall have received payment of (i) all outstanding invoices payable by Maker or its affiliates, including, without limitation, those for plant material due to Mastronardi Berryworld America LLC and (ii) all costs of Payee s attorney, advisors and consultants. 
 (h) Further Documents . Payee shall have received such other documents and further approvals, opinions, documents and information as Payee or its counsel may have reasonably requested, including the Loan Documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Payee and its counsel. 
 7. Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of this Note may be used by Maker for general corporate purposes in the ordinary course of business, consistent with the Cash Flow Forecast, provided that in no event will proceeds of this Note be used to pay any dividends or make any distribution on account of or redeem, retire or purchase any capital stock. 
 8. Reporting . 
 (a) On each Tuesday of each calendar week after the date hereof, Maker shall deliver to Payee a cash flow reporting which compares actual results to the cash flow forecast of Maker, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (the Cash Flow Forecast on a line item basis including written descriptions of any material variances. Failure to deliver such cash flow comparisons and descriptions shall be an immediate Event of Default hereunder provided , however , Maker shall have the one-time right to cure such failure by delivering such cash flow comparisons and descriptions within one (1) business day of when such cash flow comparisons and descriptions are otherwise due. 
 (b) Every four calendar weeks after the date hereof, Maker shall deliver an updated Cash Flow Forecast for the subsequent 13-week period, which such Cash Flow Forecast shall be subject to Payee s approval, not to be unreasonably withheld. Failure to deliver the Cash Flow Forecast shall be an immediate Event of Default hereunder. The initial Cash Flow Forecast approved by Payee is attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 (c) At any time and from time to time, within two (2) business days of written request by Payee, Maker shall furnish to Payee such other reasonable financial statements for the Mortgaged Property as Payee may reasonably request. 
 9. Construction . 
 (a) Maker shall make, or cause to be made, all contracts and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary for constructing and completing the Berea Project, in accordance with all material respects the Berea Project Budget and Schedule, subject to Force Majeure Delay, in a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with Prudent Industry Practices. To the extent that the Berea Project Costs exceed the Loan proceeds, Maker shall timely 
 5 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

pay such Berea Project Costs needed to complete construction of the Berea Project. Payee acknowledges that the construction for the Berea Project is underway pursuant to the Berea Project Plans and Specifications approved by the City of Berea. 
 (b) Berea Project shall mean the 40.0 acre controlled environment agricultural facility located in Berea, Kentucky owned by Maker, as described in the Mortgage. 
 (c) Berea Project Budget and Schedule shall mean the budget of for all Berea Project Costs and a detailed project schedule for the Berea Project. Maker represents and warrants to Payee that (i) attached hereto as Exhibit B is a true, correct and complete copy of the Berea Project Budget and Schedule showing among other things, the project schedule of construction, the Berea Project Costs incurred to date, the Berea Project Costs projected to complete the Berea Project in accordance with the Berea Project Plans and Specifications and (ii) to Borrower s best information and belief, the project schedule of construction can be met as set forth thereunder, subject to Force Majeure Delay. 
 (d) Berea Project Costs means all costs and expenses incurred in constructing the Berea Project as set forth in the Berea Project Budget and Schedule. Berea Project Costs shall not include any costs of operating the Berea Project. 
 (e) Berea Project Plans and Specifications means the detailed plans and specifications and or project manual(s) for the construction of the Berea Project, which are approved by Payee, including any shop or field drawings made in furtherance thereof, together with any changes made therein which are permitted under the terms of the Loan Documents. 
 (f) Force Majeure Delay shall mean any delays experienced by Maker in the construction process with respect to the Berea Project to the extent such are legitimately caused by strikes, lockouts or other labor disputes, fire, windstorm, hurricane, tornado, earthquake, natural disaster, flooding or other casualty, acts of God, rioting or other civil disturbance, acts of war or acts of terrorism, adverse weather conditions of atypical severity, duration or frequency, or unforeseeable regulatory code changes from any Governing Authority arising after the date hereof. 
 (g) Prudent Industry Practices means those practices, methods and standards of inquiry and investigation that are, as of the date being determined, commonly used by developers and operators of controlled environment agriculture facilities in United States which are of similar size, type, and location to the Mortgaged Property. Prudent Industry Practice does not necessarily mean the best practice, method, or standard of inquiry and investigation in all cases, but is instead intended to encompass a range of acceptable practices, methods, and standards. 
 10. Marketing Agreement . The Memorandum of Marketing Agreement shall not be terminated without the prior written consent of Payee unless the Marketing Agreement is terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions therein. The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the termination of this Note and the repayment in full of the Loan. 
 11. Extension of Maturity Date . Maker shall have the option to extend the term of the Loan beyond the initial Maturity Date for two (2) successive terms (the Extension Option of thirty (30) days each (each, an Extension Period to (i) January 18, 2023 if the first Extension Option is exercised and (ii) February 17, 2023 if the second Extension Option is exercised (each such date, the Extended Maturity Date upon satisfaction of the following terms and conditions (in each case as determined by Payee) 
 (a) Funding Conditions . The completion or continued completion of the Initial Funding Conditions and Subsequent Funding Conditions. 
 6 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

(b) Performance No Default . Maker shall have performed and complied with all terms and conditions herein required to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the date of such disbursement, and on the date of such disbursement there shall exist no Event of Default. 
 (c) Notice . Maker shall notify Payee of its irrevocable election to extend the Maturity Date as aforesaid not earlier than thirty (30) days and no later than three (3) business days prior to the applicable Maturity Date. 
 (d) Cash Flow Forecast . Payee shall have approved an updated Cash Flow Forecast. 
 (e) Sale Leaseback . On or before November 19, 2022, Maker shall have agreed to the material terms for a Sale Leaseback transaction with Payee, its affiliate or another third party. 
 (f) EQ ROFR . On or before November 19, 2022, Maker (or its affiliate) shall have delivered the Offer Notice (as defined in the ROFR Agreement) to EQ. 
 (g) Further Documents . Payee shall have received such other documents and further approvals, opinions, documents and information as Payee or its counsel may have reasonably requested, including the Loan Documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Payee and its counsel. 
 All references in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents to the Maturity Date shall mean the applicable Extended Maturity Date in the event an Extension Option is exercised. 
 12. Press Releases . Neither Maker nor Payee shall issue any press release or similar public statement with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the other Loan Documents or the Sale Leaseback or EQ ROFR without the prior consent of the other party provided , however , that no such consent shall be required if such press release is required pursuant to any regulations promulgated by the New York Stock Exchange or other public exchange for the sale and purchase of securities, provided that prior written notice shall be given to the other party of such press release and such press release shall not identify Payee or its affiliates. 
 Signature(s) follow. 
 
 7 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker and Payee have duly executed this Note as of the day and year first above set forth. 

MAKER 
 APPHARVEST BEREA FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By s Loren Eggleton 
 Name Loren Eggleton Title Chief Financial Officer 

STATE OF ____________ )) ss. 
 COUNTY OF _______________ 
 
 The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ___ day of _________, 2022, by __________________ of APPHARVEST BEREA FARM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company on behalf of said company. 

Notary NOTARIAL SEAL Print Name 
 Notary Public, State of My Commission Expires Commission Number 

8 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

PAYEE 
 MASTRONARDI PRODUCE-USA, INC., 
 a Michigan corporation 

By s David Einstandig 
 Name David Einstandig Title Secretary 

9 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

EXHIBIT A 
 Cash Flow Forecast 

10 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

EXHIBIT B 
 Berea Project Budget and Schedule 

11 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by because 
 such information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-10.43>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 exhibit211subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 APPHARVEST, INC. List of Subsidiaries Subsidiary Jurisdiction AppHarvest Operations, Inc. Delaware AppHarvest Morehead Farm, LLC Delaware AppHarvest Richmond Farm, LLC Delaware AppHarvest Berea Farm, LLC Delaware AppHarvest Pulaski Farm, LLC Delaware AppHarvest Technology, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 apph202210kconsent231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-266502) of AppHarvest, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-252964) of AppHarvest, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-261679) of AppHarvest, Inc., and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-255068) pertaining to the AppHarvest, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, the AppHarvest, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, and the AppHarvest, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 of our report dated March 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of AppHarvest, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Louisville, Kentucky 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 a10-kexhibit3112022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jonathan Webb, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AppHarvest Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 15, 2023 By s Jonathan Webb Jonathan Webb Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 a10-kexhibit3122022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Loren Eggleton, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AppHarvest Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 15, 2023 By s Loren Eggleton Loren Eggleton Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 a10-kexhibit3212022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Jonathan Webb, Chief Executive Officer of AppHarvest, Inc. (the Company ), and Loren Eggleton, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 15th day of March, 2023. 

s Jonathan Webb s Loren Eggleton Jonathan Webb Loren Eggleton Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Annual Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of AppHarvest, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 apph-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 apph-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 apph-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 apph-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 apph-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

