<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1310630_0001493152-23-010092.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5615617</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145227</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1625899</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1540170</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>911506</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1247818</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010092.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331134144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010092
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Foods Holdings Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001310630
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				910974149
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32522
		FILM NUMBER:		23786296

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3102, EVERBRIGHT CENTER
		STREET 2:		108 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			0000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-3618-8608

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3102, EVERBRIGHT CENTER
		STREET 2:		108 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			0000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Foods Holdings, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190513

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trafalgar Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010092.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

,
 
 ,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 Not
 Applicable 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Class
 A Voting Common Stock, no par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.406 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The Registrant s shares were last sold at a price of 1.01 per share. Although the
Registrant s stock has very few trades and limited volume, based on the last sales price of 1.01 shares held by non-affiliates
would have a market value of . 

As
of March 29, 2023 the Registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

No
documents are incorporated into the text by reference. 

Table
of Contents 

Pages 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 10 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 12 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 47 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers, Promoters, Control Persons, and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 51 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 52 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 53 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 

Signatures 
 
 55 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd. (the Company , CFOO , or we was incorporated in Delaware on January 10,
2019. On January 23, 2019, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement with Trafalgar Resources,
Inc., a Utah corporation Trafalgar ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company merged with Trafalgar (the Merger with the Company as the surviving entity. Prior to the Merger, Trafalgar had not commenced operations for several years that had resulted
in significant revenue and Trafalgar s efforts had been devoted primarily to activities related to raising capital and attempting
to acquire an operating entity. 

The
Company is a Delaware holding company and we conduct our business through our wholly owned subsidiary Guangzhou Xiao Xiang Health Industry
Company Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of China on March 8, 2017 GXXHIC ). GXXHIC is wholly
owned by Alpha Wellness (HK) Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Hong Kong on April 24, 2019, which is in
turn wholly owned by Elite Creation Group, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands formed on
September 5, 2018. Alpha Wellness (HK) Limited and Elite Creation Group are holding companies without operations and are wholly owned
by the Company. 

Substantially
all of our operations are conducted in China, and are governed by Chinese laws, rules and regulations. Our subsidiary, GXXHIC, is subject
to Chinese laws, rules, and regulations. Uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and
regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. Risks and uncertainties arising from the legal system in China, including risks
and uncertainties regarding that the rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice and that the Chinese
government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the
value of our securities. 

Our
History 

Prior
to the Merger, Trafalgar s majority stockholder who owned 5,000,000 shares (approximately 95.2 of the 5,251,309 outstanding shares
of Trafalgar s common stock, par value 0.0001, signed a written consent approving the Merger and the related transactions. Such
approval and consent were sufficient under Utah law and Trafalgar s Bylaws to approve the Merger. The boards of directors and shareholders
of the Company and Trafalgar approved the Merger. 

Pursuant
to the Merger, each share of Trafalgar s common stock was converted into one share of the Company s common stock. After the
Merger, HY (HK) Financial Investments Co., Ltd. owns 5,001,000 shares of common stock of the Company. 

The
Merger was effective on March 13, 2019. 

On
December 11, 2019, the Board of Directors approved a change to its fiscal year-end from September 30 to December 31. As a result of this
change, the fiscal year is a 3 month transition period beginning October 1, 2019 through December 31, 2020. In these statements, including
the notes thereto, financial results for fiscal 2019 are for a 3-month period. Corresponding results for the years ended September 30,
2019 and 2018 are both for 12-month periods. 

On
July 9, 2020, the Company consummated the Share Exchange Agreement the Share Exchange Agreement with Elite Creation
Group Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of British Virgin Islands ECGL ). As a result of the
acquisition of ECGL, the Company entered into the healthcare product distributing and marketing industry, pursuing a new strategy of
developing and distributing health related products, including supplements, across the globe with a focus on mainland China, Europe and
Australia. 

ECGL
will comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity and its senior management will serve as the senior management of the combined
entity, ECGL is deemed to be the accounting acquirer for accounting purposes. The transaction will be treated as a recapitalization of
the Company. Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company will become the historical financial
statements of ECGL, and the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with ECGL beginning on
the acquisition date. ECGL was the legal acquiree but deemed to be the accounting acquirer. The Company was the legal acquirer but deemed
to be the accounting acquiree in the reverse merger. The historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of the accounting
acquirer (ECGL). After completion of the Share Exchange Transaction, the Company s consolidated financial statements include the
assets and liabilities, the operations and cash flow of the accounting acquirer. 

3 

Effective
July 9, 2020, we consummated the acquisition of ECGL, and its wholly owned subsidiary GXXHIC, a limited liability company organized under
the laws of China on March 8, 2017. Alpha Wellness (HK) Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Hong Kong on
April 24, 2019, is a holding company without operations. 

Corporate
Organization Chart 

Our
Products 

Our
health products are designed to help enhance immunity and improve general wellbeing. We provide the following categories of healthcare
products and customized healthcare consultation services in China: (i) Nutrition Catering (ii) Special Health Food (iii) Health Supplement
and (iv) Skincare. The products target all age groups with different needs. 

Our
products are taken as healthcare supplements in accordance with the principles of traditional Chinese medicine including the principle
complementary medicine and ideal ratios and combinations of ingredients. 

Due
to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the healthcare industry, we have also offered a new line of high-end wine products in our online
and offline sales platform, to diversify the market demand and customer needs. 

Our
services 

We
also extend our service scope to provide the personalized health consulting services to our clients, as well as consultancy services
such as tailor-made natural food supplement solutions. 

Markets
and Regions 

The
Great Health Industry refers to production, operation, service and information dissemination, maintenance, restoration, and promotions
linked to health. It covers medical products, health supplements, nutritional foods, medical devices, health appliances, fitness, health
management, health consulting and many other production and service areas closely related to human health. The Great Health Industry
is an emerging industry with huge market potential, especially in China. 

4 

According
to the China Great Health Industry Strategic Planning and Enterprise Strategy Consulting Report published by Qianzhan Industry
Institute ), the scale of the Great Health Industry in 2017 was USD 947.42 billion,
which increased to over USD 1,069.66 billion in 2018. The report predicted USD 1,341.66 billion volume for 2019 and forecast over USD
1,528.09 billion for 2020. In the years till 2023, the average annual compound growth rate will be approximately 12.55 , and with the
Great Health Industry reaching approximately USD 2,153.08 billion in 2023. 

Our
Strategies 

We
are focused on achieving long-term growth in revenues, cash flow and profit. We believe that we can achieve this by developing multiple
distribution channels and strengthening our marketing and promotions, leading to better product turnover and revenue. We also expect
to broaden our product range as well as product differentiation in the future. Based on the business experience accumulated over the
years, we believe we can improve the efficiency of our supply chain with time-saving and cost-saving supply chain management and marketing
planning for the target customer base with our one-stop service. 

Our
primary aims are (i) to strengthen our product salability; (ii) to cut logistics cost and time spent and (iii) to further expand the
market share in China. Toward this end, we plan to pursue the following business strategies: 

Collaborate
 with third-party e-commerce platforms to boost product exposure, e.g. Tmall, Jingdong mall 

Deliver
 healthcare knowledge and consultation service via social media and We-media 

Build
 brand image and reputation through customer experience and word of mouth 

Increase
 the number of downstream distributors and wholesalers 

Strengthen
 the relationship with manufacturers, suppliers, drug agents and distributors 

Pursue
 strategic acquisitions and partnerships 

We
intend to develop both online and offline distribution channels to increase sales volume and revenue. We expect to partner with third
party e-commerce platforms, social media and We-media such as Wechat, TikTok and Xiaohongshu to build our online presence. We believe
that online channels will allow us to provide real-time nutrition and healthcare consultation services as well as increase customer engagement
and retention. Starting from the second half of 2020, we have launched our nutrition consulting support services using
a major social media software to allow customer groups to receive pre-purchase consultation and after-sales service for products anytime
and anywhere. 

Our
current offline sales channel relies on distributors and sales agents. To enhance the visibility and marketability of our products and
services and to improve brand recognition and awareness, we hope to develop store-in-shop and counter experiences. We also intend to
partner with high-end gyms to form nutrition clubs and hold weight-loss training camps, health assessment and fitness training camps
and other activities. 

We
intend to create a one-stop solution for our customers by creating a multi-channel health product supply and retail system.
We not only provide personalized consultation service to our customers, but also summarize and analyze our customer feedback and experiences
through our consultation service and after-sales service. We intend to share this data with our manufacturers and supply chain partners
to develop products and services that better meet the demands of our customers. By pooling and addressing the needs of downstream businesses
and combining it with the Consumer to Manufacturer model for upstream transformation, we anticipate establishing a close relationship
between manufacturers and suppliers. We believe this model can also reduce circulation costs and improve the efficiency of our supply
chain. 

We
are a Delaware corporation and we conduct our primary operations in China through our subsidiary GXXHIC. We face various risks and uncertainties
related to doing business in China. Our subsidiary GXXHIC is subject to complex and evolving PRC laws and regulations. Recently,
the PRC enacted rules and regulations governing offshore offerings, anti-monopoly actions, and additional oversight on cybersecurity
and data privacy. 

We
do not believe that GXXHIC is in violation of any laws, rules or regulations but since these newly enacted rules are still evolving,
we cannot assure you that our business operations comply with such regulations and authorities requirements in all respects during
the development of these new rules. However, in terms of business operation, GXXHIC expects to adapt to the newly issued rules and take
dependent measures to comply with the laws and regulations of the Chinese authorities. 

5 

The
PRC government s authority in regulating our operations and its oversight and control over offerings and listings conducted overseas
by, and foreign investment in, China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to
offer securities to investors. Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless. Risks and uncertainties arising from the legal system in China, including risks and uncertainties regarding
the enforcement of laws and quickly evolving rules and regulations in China, could result in a material adverse change in our operations
and the value of our securities. But so far, the current operation and securities value of the Company are stable, and we believe that its
risks are to the Company are manageable. 

For
example, the recently promulgated PRC Data Security Law and the PRC Personal Information Protection Law in 2021 posed additional challenges
to our cybersecurity and data privacy compliance. The Cybersecurity Review Measures issued by the Cyberspace Administration of China,
or the CAC and several other PRC governmental authorities in December 2021, as well as the Administration Regulations on Cyber Data Security
(Draft for Comments) published by the CAC for public comments in November 2021, exposes uncertainties and potential additional restrictions
on China-based overseas-listed companies like us. If the detailed rules, implementations, or the enacted version of the draft measures
mandate clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by us, we face uncertainties as to whether such
clearance can be timely obtained, the failure of which may subject us to penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business
and results of operations and the price of our securities. However, as the Company operates in a traditional food industry, we believe
the promulgation of the above laws will have a low impact on the Company and CFOO believes it is in compliance with the above laws. 

In
addition, on December 24, 2021, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, published the draft Regulations of the State
Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments), or the Administrative
Provisions, and the draft Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft
for Comments) for public comments. Pursuant to these drafts, PRC domestic companies that directly or indirectly seek to offer or list
their securities on an overseas stock exchange, including a PRC company limited by shares and an offshore company whose main business
operations are in China and intends to offer securities or be listed on an overseas stock exchange based on its onshore equities, assets,
incomes or similar interests, are required to file with the CSRC within three business days after submitting their application documents
to the regulator in the place of intended listing or offering. Particularly, as for the PRC domestic companies that have directly or
indirectly listed securities in overseas markets intend to conduct follow-on offerings in overseas markets, such companies are required
to submit the filing with respect to the follow-on offering within three business days after completion of the follow-on offering. 

Furthermore,
the PRC anti-monopoly regulators have promulgated new anti-monopoly and competition laws and regulations and strengthened the enforcement
under these laws and regulations. There remain uncertainties as to how the laws, regulations and guidelines recently promulgated will
be implemented and whether these laws, regulations and guidelines will have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. We do not believe there GXXHIC is in violation of any laws, rules or regulations related to monopolies or
competition but we cannot assure you that our business operations comply with such regulations and authorities requirements in
all respects. If any non-compliance is raised by relevant authorities and determined against us, we may be subject to fines and other
penalties. These risks could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our securities, significantly limit
or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors, or cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless. 

Permissions
Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations 

GXXHIC
has received a Business License from the relevant department of the State Administration for Market Regulation. Apart from the Business
License, GXXHIC may be subject to additional licensing requirements for our business operation due to the uncertainties of interpretation
and implementation of relevant laws and regulations and the enforcement practice by relevant government authorities. 

Furthermore,
in connection with the operations of GXXHIC, as of the date of this report, neither GXXHIC nor the Company are required to obtain any
approval or permission from the CSRC, CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities, nor has the Company or GXXHIC received any formal
inquiry, notice, warning or sanction from any PRC governmental authorities in connection with requirements of obtaining such approval
or permission, under any currently effective PRC laws, regulations and regulatory rules. 

6 

However,
the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign
investment in China-based issuers like us, and published a series of proposed rules for public comments in this regard, the enaction
timetable, final content, interpretation and implementation of which remains uncertain. Therefore, there are substantial uncertainties
as to how PRC governmental authorities will regulate overseas listing in general and whether we are required to complete filing or obtain
any specific regulatory approvals from the CSRC, CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities for our future offshore offerings. If
we had inadvertently concluded that such approvals were not required, or if applicable laws, regulations or interpretations change in
a way that requires us to obtain such approval in the future, we may be unable to obtain such necessary approvals in a timely manner,
or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could subject us to penalties, including fines,
suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer
securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Our
Subsidiary, GXXHIC, is Subject to Chinese Laws, Rules, And Regulations 

Our
subsidiary, GXXHIC, is subject to Chinese laws, rules, and regulations. Uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement
of Chinese laws, rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We believe that GXXHIC will continue to manage any
adverse effects on the premise of complying with Chinese laws, rules, and regulations. Risks and uncertainties arising from the legal
system in China, including risks and uncertainties regarding that the rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance
notice and that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, could result in a material adverse change
in our operations and the value of our securities. 

Substantially
all of our operations are conducted in China, and are governed by Chinese laws, rules and regulations. The Chinese legal system is a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike common law systems, it is a system in which legal cases may be cited for reference
but have limited value as precedents. In the late 1970s, the Chinese government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and
regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly increased
the protections afforded to various forms of foreign or private-sector investment in China. However, since these laws and regulations
are relatively new and the Chinese legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules
are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involve uncertainties. 

From
time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to interpret and/or enforce our legal rights. However, since
Chinese administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms,
it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings, and the level of legal protection we enjoy,
than in more developed legal systems. Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs
and diversion of resources and management attention. Furthermore, the Chinese legal system is based in part on government policies and
internal rules (some of which are not published in a timely manner or at all) that may have retroactive effect. 

As
a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. Such uncertainties, including
uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, and any failure
to respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could affect our business and our ability to continue our operations. 

7 

Changes
in Chinese political policies and economic and social policies or conditions may affect and fluctuate our business, results of operations
and financial condition and may affect our growth and expansion strategies. 

Substantially
all of our assets and business operations are located in China. Accordingly, our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally, by continued
economic growth in China as a whole, and by geopolitical stability in the region. 

The
Chinese economy, markets and levels of consumer spending are influenced by many factors beyond our control, including current and future
economic conditions, political uncertainty, unemployment rates, inflation, fluctuations in the level of disposable income, taxation,
foreign exchange control, and changes in interest and currency exchange rates. The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most
developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, foreign exchange
control and fiscal measures and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented measures since the late 1970s
emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the restructuring of state assets and state-owned enterprises, and
the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a significant portion of productive assets in China is still
owned or controlled by the Chinese government. The Chinese government also exercises significant control or influence over Chinese economic
growth through allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary and fiscal policies,
regulating financial services and institutions and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 

While
the Chinese economy has experienced significant growth in recent decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various
sectors of the economy. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation
of resources. Some of these measures benefit the overall Chinese economy but may also have an effect on us. Our results of operations
and financial condition could be affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable
to us. In addition, the Chinese government has implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace of
economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China. 

Transfers
of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd is a Delaware holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in Hong Kong through our
subsidiary in Hong Kong, while our operations in PRC are conducted through our subsidiary in PRC. We may rely on dividends to be
paid by our Hong Kong subsidiary to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and
other cash distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. There is a
possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the
cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to
finance our cash requirements, service debt or declare a dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. If our Hong Kong subsidiary
incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make
other distributions to us. To date, our subsidiaries have not made any transfers, dividends or distributions to China Foods Holdings
Ltd. and China Foods Holdings Ltd. has not made any transfers, dividends or distributions to our subsidiaries. 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd. is permitted under the Delaware laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in Hong Kong through loans or
capital contributions without restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government
registration, approval and filing requirements. Our Hong Kong subsidiary s also permitted under the laws of Hong Kong to provide
funding China Foods Holdings Ltd. through dividend distribution without restrictions on the amount of the funds. As of the date of
this report, there has been no dividends or distributions among the holding company or the subsidiaries nor do we expect such
dividends or distributions to occur in the foreseeable future among the holding company and its subsidiaries. 

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not
anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will
be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements,
contractual requirements, business prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions
contained in any future financing instruments. 

Subject
to the Delaware Statutes and our bylaws, our board of directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time and
of such an amount as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value of
our assets will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. There is no further Delaware statutory
restriction on the amount of funds which may be distributed by us by dividend. 

8 

Under
the current practice of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us.
The laws and regulations of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from China Foods Holdings Ltd. to our
Hong Kong subsidiaries or from our Hong Kong subsidiaries to China Foods Holdings Ltd. There are no restrictions or limitation under
the laws of Hong Kong imposed on the conversion of HK dollar into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of Hong Kong
or across borders and to U.S investors. 

Current
PRC regulations permit PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hong Kong subsidiaries only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside
at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered
capital. Each of such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare
fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory
reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings
of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. As of the
date of this prospectus, we do not have any PRC subsidiaries. 

The
PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC.
Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency
for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future,
the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our subsidiaries are
unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Cash
dividends, if any, on our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes,
any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding
tax at a rate of up to 10.0 . 

In
order for us to pay dividends to our shareholders, we will rely on payments made from our Hong Kong subsidiary to China Foods. Certain
payments from PRC subsidiaries to Hong Kong subsidiaries will be subject to PRC taxes, including business taxes and VAT. As of the date
of this report, our Hong Kong subsidiary has not made any transfers or distributions. 

Pursuant
to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax
Evasion on Income, or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident
enterprise owns no less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements
must be satisfied, including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends;
and (b) the Hong Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding
its receipt of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority
to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case
basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and
enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by a PRC
subsidiary to its immediate holding company. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have a PRC subsidiary. In the event that we
acquire or form a PRC subsidiary in the future and such PRC subsidiary desires to declare and pay dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiary,
our Hong Kong subsidiary will be required to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. In such
event, we plan to inform the investors through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCA Act 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA ), was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA requires that the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB determine whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that
jurisdiction. Our auditor, HKCM CPA Co., is based in Hong Kong and is subject to the determinations announced by the PCOAB
on December 16, 2021 and the HFCAA. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB reported its determination that it was unable to inspect or
investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and Hong Kong, because of positions taken by PRC authorities
in those jurisdictions. On March 30, 2022, based on this determination, the Company was transferred to the SEC s Conclusive
list of issuers identified under the HFCA. Since our auditor is located in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB has
been unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities, our auditor is not currently inspected by the PCAOB.
The HFCAA states that if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not
been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for two consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit our shares from being traded
on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States. The related risks and uncertainties
could cause the value of our shares to significantly decline or be worthless. 

9 

On August
26, 2022, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC (the MOF ), and the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol ),
governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in Mainland China and Hong Kong, taking the first step toward opening access
for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in Mainland China and Hong Kong. Pursuant to
the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any issuer audits
for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board
determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in Mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary. However, should PRC authorities obstruct
or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will consider the need to issue a new determination.
In the event it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor, then such lack of inspection
could cause trading in our securities to be prohibited under the HFCA Act , and ultimately result in a determination by a securities
exchange to delist our securities. 

While there has been dialogue
among the CSRC, the SEC and the PCAOB regarding the inspection of PCAOB-registered accounting firms in China, including the Statement
of Protocol, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with requirements imposed by U.S. regulators or Nasdaq. In December
2022, the PCAOB vacated its determination that it was unable to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms in mainland
China. Until a new determination is reached by the PCAOB, the SEC has determined that there are no issuers currently at risk of having
their securities subject to a trading prohibition under the HFCA Act . Although we are committed to complying with the rules
and regulations applicable to listed companies in the United States, if the PCAOB were to issue a new determination regarding limitations
on its ability to inspect or investigate our independent auditor and we were to fail to meet the audit requirements of the HFCA
Act for two consecutive years, we may be prohibited from listing our securities on a national securities exchange and be delisted
from the OTC Market. Delisting of our securities would force holders of our securities to sell their securities or convert them into our ordinary shares. The
market price of our securities could be adversely affected as a result of anticipated negative impacts of these executive or legislative actions
upon, as well as negative investor sentiment towards, companies with significant operations in China that are listed in the United States,
regardless of whether these executive or legislative actions are implemented and regardless of our actual operating performance. The
related risks and uncertainties could cause the value of our shares to significantly decline or be worthless. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company s operating office is located at No. 11, Qingbo Road, Ersha Island, Yuexiu District, Guangzhuou, China, with the area
of 250 square meters. 

The
Company also entered a lease of corporate office located at Room 2301A, China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
with a monthly rent of HK 36,603 (approximately US 4,700). The lease will expire on May 16, 2023. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to litigation from time to time as a result of our normal business operations. Presently, there are no material pending
legal proceedings to which we are a party or as to which any of our property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to be threatened
or contemplated against us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable 

10 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The
Company s common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol CFOO (former symbol TFLG ). Set
forth below are the high and low bid prices for the Company s Common Stock for the respective quarters. Although the Company s
common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets it has traded sporadically with no real volume and there is currently no ask price. Consequently,
the information provided below may not be indicative of the Company s common stock price under different conditions. 

All
prices listed herein reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.
There is no established public trading market for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not
be sustained. 

The
following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on
the OTC Markets Pink . The following quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission
and may not represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 December 2022 
 1.27 
 1.27 
 
 September 2022 
 1.27 
 1.26 
 
 June 2022 
 1.26 
 1.25 
 
 March 2022 
 1.25 
 1.25 

December 2021 
 2.50 
 2.50 
 
 September 2021 
 2.50 
 2.50 
 
 June 2021 
 2.00 
 1.35 
 
 March 2021 
 1.50 
 1.50 

Holders 

At
March 29, 2023, the Company had approximately 231 shareholders of record of our common stock. Such number does not include any shareholders
holding shares in nominee or street name . 

Dividends 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. We paid no dividends during
the periods reported herein, nor do we anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

11 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
Company had no sales of securities in 2022 and 2021. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

The
Company does not have securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. 

Performance
graph 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

The
Company did not repurchase any shares of the Company s common stock during 2022. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For
this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words such as may , will , expect , believe ,
 anticipate , estimate or continue or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending
on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. These factors include by are not limited to economic conditions generally
and in the industries in which we may participate; competition within our chosen industry, including competition from much larger competitors;
technological advances and failure to successfully develop business relationships. 

Plan
of Operation 

We
are a health company that develops, markets, promotes and distributes a variety of customized health care products and services, including
supplements, healthy snacks, meal replacements, and nutritional consultation services to consumers in China. We work with certain licensed
healthcare food factories to develop and manufacture products and services that are distributed conventionally through sales agents and
also through a network of e-commerce and social media platforms. 

In
addition to products, we are committed to providing customized science based wellness consultation and service programs to customers.
Our diverse products and services target health conscious customers and differentiate based upon age and gender and seek to manage different
conditions. We reach out to customers fitting certain health and lifestyle profiles through our offline and online consultation services,
and track eating habits and health indicators to provide customized products such as supplements. We believe this will facilitate the
ability of customers to monitor, understand and adjust their health practices and lifestyle anytime and anywhere for increased customer
engagement and retention. 

We
conduct our business through our wholly owned subsidiary Guangzhou Xiao Xiang Health Industry Company Limited, a limited liability company
organized under the laws of China on March 8, 2017. Alpha Wellness (HK) Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws
of Hong Kong on April 24, 2019, and Elite Creation Group, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
formed on September 5, 2018, are holding companies without operations. 

12 

Our
Products and Services 

Our
health products are designed to help enhance immunity and improve general wellbeing. We provide the following categories of healthcare
products and customized healthcare consultation services in China: (i) Nutrition Catering (ii) Special Health Food (iii) Health Supplement
and (iv) Skincare. The products target all age groups with different needs. 

Product
 category 
 
 Representative
 Products 
 
 Description 
 
 Nutrition
 Catering Series 
 
 Jasmine
 Beauty 
 
 Meal
 replacement and healthy snacks 
 
 Special
 Health Food Series 
 
 Power
 Centinent 
 
 Products
 that support a healthy active lifestyle and enhance Immunity 
 
 Health
 Supplement Series 
 
 Fuli
 Fruit Juice 
 
 Functional
 fruit beverages and dietary and nutritional supplements containing resveratrol, anthocyanin, superoxide enzyme 
 
 Skincare
 Series 
 
 Tightness 
 
 Facial
 skin care and recovery 
 
 Wine 
 
 Ame
 de Purete 
 
 Bordeaux
 wine from France 

Our
products are taken as healthcare supplements in accordance with the principles of traditional Chinese medicine including the principle
complementary medicine and ideal ratios and combinations of ingredients. 

Our
wine business is customized production and procurement through establishing cooperative relationships with wine suppliers. Among them,
high-quality wine is directly packaged and labeled in the country of origin and then imported through supply chain agents. At present,
the main product of Alpha Wellness s high-end wine business is a Puerto Rican red wine from France. The deep, strong and full-bodied
Puerto Rico is a wine with rich tannins and fruit. We source this wine through a distribution agreement with Shenzhen Guisheng Supply
Chain Co., Ltd. 

Markets
and Regions 

The
Great Health Industry refers to production, operation, service and information dissemination, maintenance, restoration, and promotions
linked to health. It covers medical products, health supplements, nutritional foods, medical devices, health appliances, fitness, health
management, health consulting and many other production and service areas closely related to human health. The Great Health Industry
is an emerging industry with huge market potential, especially in China. The marketing and competitive strategy of our alcohol business
is consistent with our health care product business. The market and customers of our liquor business are mainly mainland China and Hong
Kong. 

According
to the China Great Health Industry Strategic Planning and Enterprise Strategy Consulting Report published by Qianzhan Industry
Institute ), the scale of the Great Health Industry in 2017 was USD 947.42 billion,
which increased to over USD 1,069.66 billion in 2018. The report predicted USD 1,341.66 billion volume for 2019 and forecast over USD
1,528.09 billion for 2020. In the years till 2023, the average annual compound growth rate will be approximately 12.55 , and with the
Great Health Industry reaching approximately USD 2,153.08 billion in 2023. 

13 

Our
Strategies 

We
are focused on achieving long-term growth in revenues, cash flow and profit. We believe that we can achieve this by developing multiple
distribution channels and strengthening our marketing and promotions, leading to better product turnover and revenue. We also expect
to broaden our product range as well as product differentiation in the future. Based on the business experience accumulated over the
years, we believe we can improve the efficiency of our supply chain with time-saving and cost-saving supply chain management and marketing
planning for the target customer base with our one-stop service. 

Our
primary aims are (i) to strengthen our product saleability; (ii) to cut logistics cost and time spent and (iii) to further expand the
market share in China. Toward this end, we plan to pursue the following business strategies: 

Collaborate
 with third-party e-commerce platforms to boost product exposure, e.g. Tmall, Jingdong mall 

Deliver
 healthcare knowledge and consultation service via social media and We-media 

Build
 brand image and reputation through customer experience and word of mouth 

Increase
 the number of downstream distributors and wholesalers 

Strengthen
 the relationship with manufacturers, suppliers, drug agents and distributors 

Pursue
 strategic acquisitions and partnerships 

We
intend to develop both online and offline distribution channels to increase sales volume and revenue. We expect to partner with third
party e-commerce platforms, social media and We-media such as Wechat, TikTok and Xiaohongshu to build our online presence. We believe
that online channels will allow us to provide real-time nutrition and healthcare consultation services as well as increase customer engagement
and retention. Starting from the second half of 2020, we have launched our nutrition consulting support services using
a major social media software to allow customer groups to receive pre-purchase consultation and after-sales service for products anytime
and anywhere. 

Our
current offline sales channel relies on distributors and sales agents. To enhance the visibility and marketability of our products and
services and to improve brand recognition and awareness, we hope to develop store-in-shop and counter experiences. We also intend to
partner with high-end gyms to form nutrition clubs and hold weight-loss training camps, health assessment and fitness training camps
and other activities. 

We
intend to create a one-stop solution for our customers by creating a multi-channel health product supply and retail system.
We not only provide personalized consultation service to our customers, but also summarize and analyze our customer feedback and experiences
through our consultation service and after-sales service. We intend to share this data with our manufacturers and supply chain partners
to develop products and services that better meet the demands of our customers. By pooling and addressing the needs of downstream businesses
and combining it with the Consumer to Manufacturer model for upstream transformation, we anticipate establishing a close relationship
between manufacturers and suppliers. We believe this model can also reduce circulation costs and improve the efficiency of our supply
chain. 

The
main sales model of wine business is to develop online and offline distribution channels to increase sales and revenue. In terms of online
sales, we hope to cooperate with third-party e-commerce platforms, social media, WeChat, Tiktok, Xiaohongshu and other We Media to build
our online image. For example, we have built the official flagship store of Xiao Xiang Health on the Tmall e-commerce platform. The offline
sales channel mainly cooperates with dealers for sales, mainly relying on distributors and sales agents. 

14 

Competition 

We
operate in a highly competitive and fragmented industry that is sensitive to price and service. We compete with leading e-commerce companies
such as Alibaba (China) which may offer substantially the same or similar product offerings as us. We also compete with businesses that
focus on particular merchant categories or markets such as UNI HEALTH (HK stock code: 02211) and ALI HEALTH (HK stock code:0241). We
also compete with traditional cash payments and other popular online shopping websites and apps, and other traditional media companies
that provide discounts on products and services. We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: 

Breadth
 of member base and the products and services featured. 

Close
 and fast pre-sales and after-sales service response. 

Ability
 to reduce the product turnover time and inventory cost. 

Relationship
 and bargaining power with supplier and manufacturer. 

Healthcare
 product effectiveness and acceptance from customer. 

Local
 presence and understanding of local business trends. 

Ability
 to deliver a high volume of relevant services and information to consumers. 

Ability
 to produce high purchase rates for products and services among members. 

Strength
 and recognition of our brand. 

Although
we believe we compete favorably on the factors described above, many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories,
significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, larger product and services offerings, larger customer base
and greater brand recognition. These factors may allow our competitors to benefit from their existing customer base with lower development
costs or to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. These competitors
may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive
pricing policies, which may allow them to build a larger customer base more effectively than us. Our competitors may develop products
or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. In
addition, although we do not believe that customer payment terms are a principal competitive factor in our market, they may become such
a factor, and we may be unable to compete on such terms. 

Government
and Industry Regulations 

We
are subject to the general laws in China governing businesses including labor, occupational safety and health, general corporations,
intellectual property and other similar laws. 

Product
Liability and Consumers Protection 

Product
liability claims may arise if any of our healthcare products have a harmful effect on a consumer, who may make a claim for damages or
compensation as an injured party. The General Principles of the Civil Law of the PRC, which became effective in January 1987, state that
manufacturers and sellers of defective products causing property damage or injury shall incur civil liabilities for such damage or injuries. 

The
Product Quality Law of the PRC was enacted in 1993 and amended in 2000 to strengthen the quality control of products and protect consumers 
rights and interests. Under this law, manufacturers and distributors who produce or sell defective products may be subject to confiscation
of earnings from such sales, revocation of business licenses and imposition of fines, and in severe circumstances, may be subject to
criminal liability. 

The
Law of the PRC on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Consumers was promulgated on October 31, 1993 and became effective on
January 1, 1994 to protect consumers when they purchase or use goods or services. All business operators must comply with this law when
they manufacture or sell goods and/or provide services to customers. In extreme situations, product manufacturers and distributors may
be subject to criminal liability if their goods or services lead to the death or injuries of customers or other third parties. 

Summary
of Financial Information 

We
have been significantly impacted by COVID-19 global pandemic. In addition to the devastating effects on human life, the pandemic is having
a negative ripple effect on the global economy, leading to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. China and many
other countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the further spread of the disease. 

COVID-19
and China s response to the pandemic are significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance
as to the effect the COVID-19 pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject
to change. We do not yet know the full extent of the effects on the economy, the markets we serve, our business or our operations. 

The
following table sets forth certain operational data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

15 

STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS DATA : 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 354,096 
 361,116 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (243,034 
 (121,690 
 
 Gross profit 
 111,062 
 239,426 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (503,795 
 (695,856 
 
 Total other income 
 39,483 
 7,692 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (353,250 
 (448,738 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (828 
 (6,671 
 
 Net loss 
 (354,078 
 (455,409 

Revenue .
We generated revenues of 354,096 and 361,116 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of our major customers are
located in the PRC and Hong Kong. Our revenue continued to decrease, due to the impact of COVID-19. We expect that the revenue would be
gradually increased or returned to the levels previously recorded
prior to the pandemic period, after the re-opening of the market in the first quarter of 2023. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the nature of businesses and segment was shown as below: 

Currently,
the Company has two reportable business segments: 

(i) 
 Healthcare
 Segment, mainly provides health consulting advisory services and healthcare and wellness products to the customers; and 
 
 (ii) 
 Wine
 Segment, mainly provides wine products to the customers. 

In the following
table, revenue is disaggregated by primary major product line, including a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with the reportable
segments. 

16 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Healthcare Segment 
 Wine Segment 
 Total 
 
 Revenue from external customers: 

Consulting service income 
 141,053 
 - 
 141,053 
 
 Sale of healthcare products 
 39,599 
 - 
 39,599 
 
 Sale of wine products 
 - 
 173,444 
 173,444 
 
 Total revenue 
 180,652 
 173,444 
 354,096 

Cost of sales: 

Consulting service income 
 (59,747 
 - 
 (59,747 
 
 Sale of healthcare products 
 (14,888 
 - 
 (14,888 
 
 Sale of wine products 
 - 
 (168,399 
 (168,399 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 (74,635 
 (168,399 
 (243,034 

Gross profit 
 106,017 
 5,045 
 111,062 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and distribution 
 - 
 (2,988 
 (2,988 
 
 General and administrative 
 (416,939 
 (88,579 
 (505,518 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (416,939 
 (91,567 
 (508,506 

Segment loss 
 (310,922 
 (86,522 
 (397,444 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Healthcare Segment 
 Wine Segment 
 Total 
 
 Revenue from external customers: 

Consulting service income 
 216,850 
 - 
 216,850 
 
 Sale of healthcare products 
 39,996 
 - 
 39,996 
 
 Sale of wine products 
 - 
 104,270 
 104,270 
 
 Total revenue 
 256,846 
 104,270 
 361,116 

Cost of sales: 

Consulting service income 
 (31,315 
 - 
 (31,315 
 
 Sale of healthcare products 
 (32,064 
 - 
 (32,064 
 
 Sale of wine products 
 - 
 (58,311 
 (58,311 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 (63,379 
 (58,311 
 (121,690 

Gross profit 
 193,467 
 45,959 
 239,426 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and distribution 
 - 
 (5,076 
 (5,076 
 
 General and administrative 
 (690,780 
 - 
 (690,780 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (690,780 
 (5,076 
 (695,856 

Segment (loss) income 
 (497,313 
 40,883 
 (456,430 

17 

The
below revenues are based on the countries in which the customer is located. Summarized financial information concerning the geographic
segments is shown in the following tables: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Hong Kong 
 140,477 
 216,850 
 
 China 
 213,619 
 144,266 

354,096 
 361,116 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the following customers accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 December 
 31, 2022 

Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Guangzhou Dexin Huamao Trading Co., Ltd. 
 164,566 
 46 
 
 - 
 
 Tang Fung Limited 
 140,477 
 40 
 
 5,120 
 
 TOTAL 
 305,043 
 86 
 Total 
 5,120 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 December 
 31, 2021 

Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Simmax Supply Chian Limited 
 165,391 
 46 
 
 - 
 
 Guangzhou Dexin Huamao Trading Co., Ltd. 
 103,072 
 29 
 
 - 
 
 Tang Fung Limited 
 51,460 
 14 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL 
 319,923 
 89 
 Total 
 - 

Cost
of Revenue. Cost of revenue as a percentage of net revenue was approximately 68.64 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Cost of revenue as a percentage of net revenue was approximately 33.70 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of
cost of revenue as a percentage of net revenue is attributable to a increase in sale of wine product. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the following vendors accounted for 10 or more of our purchases: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 December 
 31, 2022 
 
 Vendor 
 Purchases 
 Percentage of purchases 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Heilongjiang Hengyuan Food Co., Ltd.: 
 7,981 
 100 
 Total: 
 8,013 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Vendor 
 Purchases 
 Percentage of purchases 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Heilongjiang Hengyuan Food Co., Ltd.: 
 195,152 
 99 
 Total: 
 - 

18 

Gross
Profit . We achieved a gross profit of 111,062 and 239,426 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
The decrease in gross profit is primarily attributable to the increase in cost of sales. 

General
and Administrative Expenses G A . We incurred G A expenses of 503,795 and 690,780 for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Other
Income . We incurred other income of 39,483 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a other income
of 7,692 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Our other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the subsidy
funds from Government and gain on termination of tenancy agreement. 

Income
Tax Expense. We recorded income tax expense of 828 and 6,671 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net
Loss. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 354,078, as compared to a net loss 445,409 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The significant decreases due to a decrease in the general and administrative expenses. 

Liquidity
And Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 381,709, inventories of 138,582, operating right of use assets of 20,341,
trade receivable of 5,120 and prepayments and other receivables of 74,813. 

As
of December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 609,434, inventories of 327,551, operating right of use assets of 350,563,
tax recoverable of 8,910 and prepayments and other receivables of 139,254. 

We
believe that our current cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support general operations for at least
the next 12 months. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (171,598 
 (438,624 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 22,930 
 (27,358 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (52,688 
 50,319 

Net
Cash Used In Operating Activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 171,598 which consisted primarily of a net loss of 354,078, the increase in depreciation of plant and equipment
of 65,165, increase in the amortization of intangible asset of 500, decrease in gain from sale of plant and equipment of 16,277, decrease
in gain from termination of lease of 8,038, increase in non-cash lease expense of 55,916, increase in accrued
liabilities and other payables of 71,460, decrease in customer deposit of 267,181, decrease in prepayment and other receivables of
 64,441, decrease in inventories of 188,969, increase in accounts payable of 8,013, increase in accounts receivable of 5,120 and increase
in tax payable of 24,632. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 438,620 which consisted primarily of a net loss of
 455,409, the increase in depreciation of plant and equipment of 90,961, increase in the amortization of intangible asset of 521,
increase in non-cash lease expense of 109,652, increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of 48,884, increase in
prepayment and other receivables of 17,753, decrease in accounts payables of 7,827, decrease in tax payables of 17,229, increase
in inventories of 121,279, and decrease in customer deposit of 69,141. 

We
expect to continue to rely on cash generated through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities,
however, to finance our operations and future acquisitions. 

Net
Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 22,930, consisted primarily of proceeds from sale of
motor vehicle. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 27,358, consisted primarily of leasehold improvement. 

19 

Net
Cash (Used In) Provided By Financing Activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 52,688, consisting primarily of advance from a related company
of 1,333, repayment of lease liabilities of 54,021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 50,319, consisting primarily of advance from a related
company of 150,508 and repayment of lease liabilities of 100,189. 

Material
Commitments 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any material commitments. 

Material
Cash Requirements 

We
have not achieved profitability since our inception and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We expect
net cash expended in 2023 to be significantly higher than 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1,272,273.
Our material cash requirements are highly dependent upon the additional financial support from our major shareholders in the next 12
- 18 months. 

We
had the following contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022: 

Less 

More 

than 

than
 5 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 1
 year 
 1-3 Years 
 3-5 Years 
 Years 

Operating
 lease obligations 
 21,024 
 21,024 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total
 obligations 
 21,024 
 21,024 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements and it is not anticipated that the Company will enter into any off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Summary
of Critical Accounting Policies 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP). Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to the authoritative GAAP as found in the
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) and Accounting Standards Update (ASU) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). All
adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. These adjustments consist of normal and recurring accruals,
as well as non-recurring charges. 

The
consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant
inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during
the periods are included in the consolidated statements of operations from the effective date of acquisition or up to the effective date
of disposal. 

20 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Significant
areas for which management uses estimates include: 

revenue
 recognition, 

sales
 returns and allowances; 

inventory; 

estimated
 lives for tangible and intangible assets; 

income
 tax valuation allowances; and 

These
estimates require the use of judgment as future events and the effect of these events cannot be predicted with certainty. The estimates
will change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired and as more information is obtained. We evaluate and update our assumptions
and estimates on an ongoing basis and we may consult outside experts to assist as considered necessary. 

Accounts
receivable 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 30
to 90 days from completion of service. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customer s financial condition, the customer
credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered
past due. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. At the end of fiscal
year, the Company specifically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions
to monitor the progress of the collection of accounts receivables. The Company will consider the allowance for doubtful accounts for
any estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. For the receivables that are past due or
not being paid according to payment terms, the appropriate actions are taken to exhaust all means of collection, including seeking legal
resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted
and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Inventories 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market value (net realizable value), cost being determined on a first-in-first-out method. The Company
provides inventory allowances based on excess and obsolete inventories determined principally by customer demand. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company did not record an allowance for obsolete inventories, nor have there been any write-offs. 

Plant
and equipment 

Plant
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated
on the straight-line basis over the following expected useful lives from the date on which they become fully operational and after taking
into account their estimated residual values: 

Expected useful lives 
 Residual 
 value 
 
 Furniture, fixture and equipment 
 3 years 
 5 
 
 Motor vehicle 
 3.33 to 4 years 
 5 
 
 Leasehold improvement 
 2 years 
 5 

21 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

Intangible
assets 

Intangible
assets represented trademarks of their products and are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and any recognized impairment loss.
Amortization is provided over the term of their registrations on a straight-line basis, which is 10 years and will expire in 2028. 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 500 and 521, respectively. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets 

In
accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , all long-lived assets such
as plant and equipment, as well as intangible assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
evaluated by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to its estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
amounts of the assets exceed the fair value of the assets. There has been no impairment charge for the periods presented. 

Revenue
recognition 

The
Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, a performance obligation is a promise within a contract to transfer a distinct good or service,
or a series of distinct goods and services, to a customer. Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied and the customer
obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects
to be entitled to receive in exchange for goods or services. Under the standard, a contract s transaction price is allocated to
each distinct performance obligation. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope
of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: 

identify
 the contract with a customer; 

identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine
 the transaction price; 

allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize
 revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

Currently,
the Company operates two business segments. 

Healthcare
Business mainly provides health consulting advisory services and healthcare and wellness products to the customers. 

Revenue
is earned from the rendering of health consulting advisory services to the customers. The Company recognizes services revenue over the
period in which such services are performed. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance
sheet date are classified as current portion of deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amounts not expected
to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as deferred revenue, net of current
portion. 

The
sale and distribution of the healthcare products, such as (i) Nutrition Catering (ii) Special Health Food (iii) Health Supplement and
(iv) Skincare, is the only performance obligation under the fixed-fee arrangements. Revenue is recognized from the sale of their healthcare
products upon delivery to the customers, whereas the title and risk of loss are fully transferred to the customers. The Company records
its revenues, net of value added taxes VAT on the majority of the products at the rate of 17 on the invoiced value of
sales. The cost, such as shipping cost and material cost, is recognized when the product delivered to the customers. The Company records
its cost including taxes. 

22 

Wine
Business mainly provides the wine products to the customers. Revenue is recognized from the sale of wine products upon delivery to
the customers, whereas the title and risk of loss are fully transferred to the customers. The Company records its revenues, net of value
added taxes VAT on the majority of the products at the rate of 17 on the invoiced value of sales. The Company recorded
product sales returns 0 and 148,208 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cost, such as shipping cost and
material cost, is recognized when the product delivered to the customers. The Company records its cost including taxes. 

Income
taxes 

The
Company adopted the ASC 740 Income tax provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits
claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13,
the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in
the consolidated financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty
percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition,
classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company
had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. 

The
estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying
balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred
tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

Leases 

The
Company adopts the FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842). for all periods presented.
This standard requires lessees to recognize lease assets right of use and related lease obligations lease liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with terms in excess of 12 months. 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in finance lease ROU assets and
finance lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

ROU
assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease and finance lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized
at January 1, 2019 based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term discounted using the rate implicit in the lease.
In cases where the implicit rate is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information
available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on
a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

23 

Commitments
and contingencies 

The
Company follows the ASC 450-20, Commitments to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future
events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise
of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims
that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well
as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates
that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then
the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.
Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on
the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not
materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Fair
value of financial instruments 

The
Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial
instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 820-10-35-37 to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes
a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined
by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below: 

Level
 1 
 Quoted
 market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level
 2 
 Pricing
 inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
 reporting date. 

Level
 3 
 Pricing
 inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

24 

Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar
techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The
fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than
one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of
the instrument. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard
setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the
impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of
operations upon adoption. 

Accounting Standards Recently
Adopted 

In August 2020, the FASB
issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). This ASU reduces the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and
convertible preferred stock and amends the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity
to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. In addition, this ASU improves and amends the related earnings per share guidance.
This standard became effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2022. Adoption is either a modified retrospective method or a fully
retrospective method of transition. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2022, and the adoption of this standard did
not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2021, the FASB issued
ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting
for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options. This ASU clarifies the accounting for modifications
or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options (i.e. warrants) so that the transaction should be treated as an exchange
of the original instrument for a new instrument. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 on a prospective
basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2022 , and the adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In December 2022, the FASB
issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 . This ASU defers the sunset date
of Topic 848, which provides relief to entities affected by reference rate reform. The ASU defers the sunset date of Topic 848 from December
31, 2022, to December 31, 2025. The standard is effective immediately and the Company adopted the standard in December 2022 with no financial
impact. The Company is currently assessing the impact ASU 2020-04, for which this ASU 2022-06 relates, will have on its consolidated
financial statements. 

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of
any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

25 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd 

 Index
to 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Pages 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID : 3299) 
 27 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 28 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 29 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 30 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 31 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 32 

26 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the stockholders and the board of directors of 

 China
Foods Holdings Limited 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of China Foods Holdings Limited (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity,
and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial report. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current year audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 Certified Public Accountants 

Firm
ID : 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

27 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

Inventories, net 

Tax recoverable 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current Assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total Non-Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Customer deposits 

Lease liabilities 

Amount due to a director 

Amount due to a related company 

Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current-Liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Lease liabilities non-current portion 
 - 

Commitment and contingents 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders Equity 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

28 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue, net 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling and distribution expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operation 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Sundry income 

Total other income 

Loss before income tax 

Income tax expenses 

NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign currency adjustment loss) 
 gain 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common share 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

29 

CHINA
FOODS HOLDINGS LTD. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Share 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 (loss) income 
 equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Total shareholders 

Share 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 (loss) income 
 equity 
 
 Balances at January 1, 2021 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

30 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Gain from sale of plant and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from termination of lease 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash lease expense 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities, Total 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

Inventories 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Customer deposits 

Tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of plant and equipment 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of lease liabilities 

Advance from a related company 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

31 

China
Foods Holdings Ltd 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

issued shares of US each 

Alpha Wellness (HK) Limited AWL 

issued shares of HK 

Guangzhou Xiao Xiang Health Industry Company Limited GXXHIC 

RMB 

The
Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as (the Company ). 

reportable operating segments in Hong Kong and China. 

allowance for doubtful accounts. 

years 

Motor vehicle 
 to years 

Leasehold improvement 
 years 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

years and will expire in 2028. 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

on the invoiced value of sales. The cost, such as shipping cost and material cost, is recognized when the product delivered to the
customers. The Company records its cost including taxes. 

Wine
Business mainly provides the wine products to the customers . Revenue
is recognized from the sale of wine products upon delivery to the customers, whereas the title and risk of loss are fully
transferred to the customers. The Company records its revenues, net of value added taxes VAT on the majority of the
products at the rate of 
on the invoiced value of sales. The Company recorded product sales returns 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cost, such as shipping cost and material cost, is recognized when
the product delivered to the customers. The Company also records its cost including taxes such as, urban
construction tax and educational surtax . 

Sales of healthcare products 

Sales of wine products 

TOTAL 

. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition,
classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company
had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. 

The
estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying
balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred
tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

Annual average HK :US exchange rate 

Year-end RMB:US exchange rate 

Annual average RMB:US exchange rate 

, as compared to as of December 31, 2021, it was decreased by . The current
liabilities exceeded current assets by , the Company had an accumulated deficit of . The Company believes that its cash and investments
will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least one year past the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon improving its profitability and the continuing financial support
from its major shareholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional cash to
meet the Company s obligations as they become due. 

Despite
the amount of funds that the Company has raised, no assurance can be given that any future financing, if needed, will be available or,
if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company can obtain additional financing, if
needed, it may contain undue restrictions on its operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for its shareholders,
in the case of equity financing. 

reportable business segments: 

(i) 
 Healthcare
 Segment, mainly provides health consulting advisory services and healthcare and wellness products to the customers; and 
 
 (ii) 
 Wine
 Segment, mainly provides the wine products to the customers. 

- 

Sale of healthcare products 
 
 - 

Sale of wine products 
 - 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales: 

Consulting service income 
 
 - 

Sale of healthcare products 
 
 - 

Sale of wine products 
 - 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and distribution 
 - 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Segment loss 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Healthcare Segment 
 Wine Segment 
 Total 
 
 Revenue from external customers: 

Consulting service income 
 
 - 

Sale of healthcare products 
 
 - 

Sale of wine products 
 - 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales: 

Consulting service income 
 
 - 

Sale of healthcare products 
 
 - 

Sale of wine products 
 - 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and distribution 
 - 

General and administrative 
 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Segment (loss) income 

China 

Total revenue 

Rental deposits 

Purchase deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 

Prepayments
 and other receivable 

Purchase
deposits represented deposit payments made to vendors for procurement, which are interest-free, unsecured and relieved against accounts
payable when goods are received by the Company. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, allowance for obsolete inventories was recorded by the Company. 

Furniture, fixture and equipment 

Leasehold improvement 

Foreign translation difference, net 

Plant and equipment,
 gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Foreign translation difference, net 

Plant and equipment. net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

to years, through
May 16, 2023 . 

The
lease liability is as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 
 - 

Total 

shares of common stock with a par value of . 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock
are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends
and only then at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Under our Certificate of Incorporation, stockholders do not have the right to cumulate votes for the election of directors. 

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights 

Our
common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

Upon
our dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably
among the holders of our common stock, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights
and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of 
shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company is not currently authorized to issue shares of preferred stock. The Certificate of Incorporation, however, allows the board of
directors to authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of the common stock in the event that shares of preferred stock are authorized in the future. The issuance
of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other
things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company and may adversely affect the market price
of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. The Company has no current plans to issue any shares
of preferred stock. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 

Net loss per share Basic and diluted 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding
is equal to basic weighted-average common shares, due to the Company s net loss position. Hence, no common stock equivalents were
included in the computation of diluted net loss per share since such inclusion would have been antidilutive. 

Deferred tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income tax expense 

The
effective tax rate in the years presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range
of income tax rate. The Company operates in various countries: United States of America, Hong Kong and the PRC that are subject to taxes
in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United
States of America 

CFOO
is registered in the State of Delaware and is subject to US federal corporate income tax. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax
Reform Act was signed into law. effective January 1, 2018. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued or paid interest
or penalties which were not material to its results of operations for the years presented . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not accrued any penalties on uncertain tax positions. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the operation in the United States incurred 
of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset future taxable income. 

BVI 

ECGL
is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and is not subject to taxation. In addition, upon payments of dividends by these entities
to their shareholder, no British Virgin Islands withholding tax will be imposed. 

Hong
Kong 

. The reconciliation of income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Tax adjustments 

Tax holiday 
 - 

Income tax expense 

The
PRC 

. The reconciliation of income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Net operating loss 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

- PRC 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 
 - 
 - 

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties, if applicable, related to uncertain tax positions in the income tax provision. There were
no reserves for unrecognized tax benefits and no accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

The Company files income tax returns in U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. With some exceptions, most
tax years remain open to examination by the
taxing authorities due to the Company s NOL carryforwards. 

and contributions were made accordingly. 

and
 to its director, and owed the balance of and to a related company. 

Apart
from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other
significant or material related party transactions during the years presented. 

- 
 
 Customer C 

TOTAL 

Total 

The Company s major customers are located
in the People s Republic of China and Hong Kong. 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Customer A 

- 
 
 Customer B 

- 
 
 Customer C 

- 
 
 TOTAL 

Total 
 - 

(b)
Major vendors 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the vendor who accounts for 10 or more of the Company s purchases and its outstanding
payable balances as at year-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Vendor 
 Purchases 
 Percentage of purchases 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Vendor A 

Total: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Vendor 
 Purchases 
 Percentage of purchases 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Vendor A 

Total: 
 - 

All
of the Company s vendors are located in the People s Republic of China. 

(c)
Credit risk 

Financial
instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist principally of accounts receivable. The Company believes the concentration
of credit risk in its trade receivables is substantially mitigated by its ongoing credit evaluation process and relatively short collection
terms. The Company does not generally require collateral from customers. The Company evaluates the need for an allowance for doubtful
accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. 

(d)
Economic and political risk 

The
Company s major operations are conducted in the People s Republic of China. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal
environments in PRC, as well as the general state of PRC s economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

(e)
Exchange rate risk 

The
Company cannot guarantee that the current exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post
the same amount of profit for two comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit
depending on exchange rate of HKD and RMB converted to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political
and economic environments without notice. 

(f)
Risk from COVID 

As
a result of COVID-19, the Company has been unable to satisfy certain customer orders for the products. As a result, the customers have
experienced delays in receiving the products. There is uncertainty around the duration and breadth of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other
actions taken to contain or treat the impact of COVID-19, and the extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

46 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

The
Company has had no disagreements with its principal independent accountants with respect to accounting practices or procedures or financial
disclosure. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, including our CEO and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and Principal Financial Officer concluded that
due to the small size of the Company and lack of segregation of duties our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this report was not as effective such that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange
Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii)
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.
A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.
However, management believes the controls and procedures provide a reasonable basis for the conclusions. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO - 2013 in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Further, our management considered the lack of operations and revenue, the limited cash on
hand and the limited transactions which occur on a monthly basis. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of December
31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

Management
believes that the material weakness set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm since the Company is not an accelerated or larger accelerated filer. 

Evaluation
of Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

47 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth as of December 31, 2022, the name, age, and position of each executive officer and director and the term of
office of each director of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Kong
 Xiao Jun 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Liu
 Yang 
 
 37 
 
 Director 

Cheng
 Ni Hu 
 
 32 
 
 Director 

Yunsi
 Liu 
 
 35 
 
 Director

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our sole executive officer and director: 

Xiao
Jun Kong , age 51, has served as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director since July 13, 2019. He currently
serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Guangdong HY Capital Management CO., LTD and has served in that role since 2011. From 2007 to
2011, Mr. Kong was the Executive Director of the Asia Aluminum Group. Mr. Kong has experience in leading large-scale M A and investment
projects in different industries such as agriculture, film and media, and cultural tourism. Mr. Kong holds a bachelor degree in accounting
from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in Chengdu, Sichuan, China. He is also qualified as Chinese Certified Public Accountant,
Certified Tax Agent, US Chartered Financial Analyst, and Fellow of the Institute of Financial Accountants UK. Mr. Kong brings to our
board his experience in business development, strategic planning, and management. 

Liu Yang, age 37, has been a director
to hold office since May 13, 2019. She currently serves as the Investment Director of Guangdong HY Capital Management Co., Ltd and has
served in that role since 2015. Ms. Liu has experience in M A and investment projects in different industries such as consumer goods,
agriculture, cultural tourism, and education. Ms. Liu holds a bachelor degree in Economics from Southern China University of Technology
in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. 

Cheng Ni Hu , age 32, was appointed to
serve as our director in July 9, 2020. She currently serves as the Marketing director of KangHuaGuoYao (GuangDong) Tech Pty. Ltd. for
formulating the company s strategy in marketing, branding and producing, and has served in that role since December 2018. From 2016
to 2018, she served as restore and relocate project manager in North Sydney Railway. Ms. Hu graduated from the University of Sydney with
a Bachelor degrees in Commerce and Combined Commerce (Marketing) and Public Affair from Southern California University. Ms. Hu brings
to the Board her experience in marketing and operations. 

Yunsi
Liu , age 35, has been a President and director of China Foods, prior to the Merger, since January 15, 2019. She currently serves
as the General Manager of Dray Alliance (a venture-backed, technology startup in the trucking industry) and has served in that role since
2019. Concurrently, she is the Managing Partner of Craft and Swan, LLC. From 2015 to 2020, Ms. Yunsi Liu served in executive capacities
for various startups in the Southern California region. Ms. Liu graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of Science
in Economics degree from the Wharton School, and a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy degree from the College of Arts and Sciences. Ms. Liu
brings to the Board her experience in finance, management and operation. 

48 

Except
as indicated below, to the knowledge of management, during the past five years, no present or former director, or executive officer of
the Company: 

(1) 
 filed
 a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed
 by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years
 before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two
 years before the time of such filing; 

(2) 
 was
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

(3) 
 was
 the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i) 
 acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities,
 or as an affiliate person, director or employee of any investment company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in
 connection with such activity; 

(ii) 
 engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

(iii) 
 engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal
 or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; 

(4) 
 was
 the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any federal or state authority
 barring, suspending, or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described above
 under this Item, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5) 
 was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated any federal
 or state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Securities and Exchange Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

(6) 
 was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and the persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the Common
Stock and securities convertible into shares of Common Stock (together with the Common Stock, Subject Shares ), to
file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of Subject Shares. Directors, officers and greater
than 10 beneficial owners of the Subject Shares are required by the SEC s regulations to furnish us with copies of all forms they
file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Based solely on the reports received by us and on the representations
of the reporting persons, we believe that these persons have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

49 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. We intend to adopt a code of ethics in the immediate future. 

Corporate
Governance 

There
have been no changes in any state law or other procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.
We do not have a nominating committee, however we intend to appoint one in the immediate future. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
board of directors has an Audit Committee consisting of Mr. Kong. The Audit Committee does not at the present time have an audit committee
financial expert serving on its Audit Committee; however, our board intends to appoint an audit committee financial expert in the immediate
future. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors, executive officers and control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

Any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person, or of which such person was a general partner or
 executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

Being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Being
 the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, or any law or regulation
 respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order
 of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order,
 or any law or regulation prohibiting mail, fraud, wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Being
 the subject of or a party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act, any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Except
as provided for in Article XI of the Company s By-Laws: Board Director Compensation, no officer, director or security holder of
the company may be involved in pecuniary interest in any investment acquired or disposed of by the registrant or in any transaction to
which the registrant or any of its subsidiaries is party or has an interest. 

None
of the directors, officers, security holders or affiliates of the registrant may engage, for their own account, business activities of
the types conducted by the registrant and its subsidiaries. 

50 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following tables set forth, for each of the last two completed fiscal years of the Company, the total compensation awarded to, earned
by or paid to any person who was a principal executive officer during the preceding fiscal year and every other highest compensated executive
officers earning more than 100,000 during the last fiscal year (together, the Named Executive Officers ). The tables set
forth below reflect the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Kong Xiao Jun 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and director 
 2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Cash Compensation No cash compensation
was paid to any director or executive officer of the Company during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Mr.
Kong was paid no compensation for his roles as CEO, CFO and director for the years of 2020 and 2021. Mr. Kong agreed to take
no compensation during this time frame to voluntarily reduce the financial obligation of the Company. He currently serves as the Chief
Executive Officer of Guangdong HY Capital Management CO. LTD GHCMC ), which is not a competitor of the Company or GXXHIC.
The CEO of GHCMC is a part-time position, requiring Mr. Kong to attend management meetings and Board of Director meetings, It is estimated
that Mr. Kong s service as CEO of GHCMC is very insignificant compared to his service to the Company, and these roles do not pose
any conflict of interest. Mr. Kong does not hold any other positions in any other entities. 

Bonuses
and Deferred Compensation None 

Compensation
Pursuant to Plans None 

Pension
Table None 

Other
Compensation None 

Compensation
of Directors 

During
our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not provide compensation to any of our employee directors for serving as our
director. We currently have no formal plan for compensating our employee directors for their services in their capacity as
directors, although we may elect to issue stock options to such persons from time to time. Directors are entitled to reimbursement
for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors.
Our board of directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf other than
services ordinarily required of a director. 

51 

Non-Employee
Director Fees 

Our
Board determines the form and amount of compensation for our non-employee directors based on informal surveys of similar companies
and the amount necessary to attract and retain such directors. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid each of our
non-employee directors as follows: 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees
 earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock
 awards ) 
 Option
 awards ) 
 Non-equity
 incentive plan compensation ) 
 Change
 in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 
 All
 other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 (a) 
 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 
 Yunsi
 Liu 
 2022 
 - 

- 

2021 
 - 

- 

All fees were paid in United States Dollars. 

Directors
who are residents of China do not receive compensation. Ms. Liu, our director who is a U.S. resident, receives a quarterly retainer in
the amount of 2,000 in accordance with the terms of a Director Retainer Agreement effective from January 1, 2020. All directors are
entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of
our Board of Directors. Our Board may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf other
than services ordinarily required of a director. 

Termination
of Employment and Change of Control Arrangement 

There
are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company, with respect to any person named in Cash
Compensation set out above which would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his resignation, retirement, or other
termination of such person s employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, or any change in control of the Company, or a change
in the person s responsibilities following a changing in control of the Company. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of March 29, 2023 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities,
(ii) each of our directors and each of our named executive officers (as defined under Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K), and (iii) officers
and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to
the shares shown. 

Name of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Xiao Jun Kong (3) 
 18,951,000 
 93.57 
 
 Cheng Ni Hu 
 675,000 
 3.33 

All executive officers and directors as a group (2 persons) 
 19,626,000 
 96.90 

Shareholders Holding In Excess of 5 

HY (HK) Financial Investments Co., Ltd. (3) 
 5,001,000 
 24.69 

52 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
 For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common
 stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 29,2023. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 20,252,309
 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29,2023, and any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within
 60 days of March 29, 2023, is deemed to be outstanding for such person, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
 the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute
 an admission of beneficial ownership. 
 
 (2) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each beneficial owner listed is 17/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. Except as
 otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock
 owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 Kong is deemed to be the beneficial owner of these 5,001,000 shares held by HY (HK) Financial Investments Co., Ltd. Mr. Kong is the
 Chief Executive Officer and majority shareholder of HY (HK) Financial Investments Co., Ltd. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with management and others 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were transactions, or series of similar transactions, since the beginning of the Company s
last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which the Company was or is to be party,
in which the amount involved exceeds 60,000, and in which any director or executive officer, or any security holder who is known by
the Company to own of record or beneficially more than 5 of any class of the Company s common stock, or any member of the immediate
family of any of the foregoing persons, has an interest. Please see Note 13 above. 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Amount due (to) from a director 
 (220,794 
 (219,461 

Amount due (to) a related company 
 (199,964 
 (199,964 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

(1)
 Audit Fees - The aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the Company s
auditor for the audit of the annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Form 10-Q or services that
are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years are:
 42,000 for 2022 and 42,000 for 2021. 

(2)
 Audit-Related Fees - The aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services
by the Company s principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements
and are not reported in (1) Audit-related Fees: 0 for 2022 and 0 for 2021. 

(3)
 Tax Fees - The aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the Company s
principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning: 0 for 2022 and 0 for 2021. 

(4)
 All Other Fees - The aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the Company s
principal accountant, other than the services reported in (1) Audit Fees; (2) Audit-Related Fees; and (3) Tax Fees: 0 for 2022 and 0
for 2021. 

(5)
The Company does not have an audit committee. 

(6)
Not Applicable. 

53 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 
 
 List
 of Financial statements included in Part II hereof 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheet: 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(a)(2) 
 
 List
 of Financial Statement schedules included in Part IV hereof: None 

(a)(3) 
 
 Exhibits 

The
 following exhibits are included herewith: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

XBRL
 (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus
 for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Following
are a list of exhibits which we previously filed in other reports which we filed with the SEC, including the Exhibit No., description
of the exhibit and the identity of the Report where the exhibit was filed. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of common stock certificate (2) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated June 8, 2020, by and among the Company, Elite Creation Group Limited (ECGL), and the shareholders of ECGL (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated June 28, 2018, by and between Guangzhou New Litchi Bay Exhibition Co. Ltd. and Guangzhou Xiao Xiang Health Industry Co., Ltd. (3) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Warehouse Lease Contract, effective April 1, 2018, by and between Guangzhou JinPengLai Property Management Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Xiao Xiang Health Industry Co., Ltd. (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Supplementary Contract, by and between Guangzhou Xiao Xiang Health Industry Co., Ltd. and Heilongjiang Hengyuan Food Co., Ltd. (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Supplementary Contract, by and between Guangzhou Xiao Xiang Health Industry Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou JinTong Special Medical Food Co. Ltd. (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Director Retainer Agreement, dated July 7, 2020, by and between the Company and Yunsi Liu (3) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries.(3) 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Exhibits to the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on February 20, 2019. 
 
 (2)
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report filed on Form 8-K/A with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 2, 2020. 
 
 (3)
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission previously filed on September
 2, 2020 

54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person. 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amendment, this report has been signed by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates stated. 

China
Foods Holdings Limited 

 (Registrant) 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/Kong
 Xiao Jun 

Kong
 Xiao Jun 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 

55 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Rule
13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I,
Kong Xiao Jun, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of China Foods Holdings Limited; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The Registrant other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kong Xiao Jun 

Kong
 Xiao Jun 

Chief
 Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 

 Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Kong Xiao Jun, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of China Foods Holdings Limited for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of China Foods Holdings Limited. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kong Xiao Jun 

Kong
 Xiao Jun 

Chief
 Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cfoo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cfoo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cfoo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cfoo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

