<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230209_10-K_edgar_data_62996_0000062996-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17239022</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>218334</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2786043</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5973138</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4244895</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3711191</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000062996-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230209165409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000062996-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MASCO CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000062996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEATING EQUIP, EXCEPT ELEC & WARM AIR & PLUMBING FIXTURES [3430]
		IRS NUMBER:				381794485
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05794
		FILM NUMBER:		23607057

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17450 COLLEGE PARKWAY
		CITY:			LIVONIA
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48152
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3132747400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17450 COLLEGE PARKWAY
		CITY:			LIVONIA
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48152

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCO SCREW PRODUCTS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19731025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000062996-23-000008.txt : 20230209

10-K
 1
 mas-20221231.htm
 10-K

mas-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022 (based on the closing sale price of 50.60 of the Registrant's Common Stock, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date) was approximately . 
 Number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's Common Stock at January 31, 2023: 
 shares of Common Stock, par value 1.00 per share 

Masco Corporation 
 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Page PART I 
 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II 
 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 17 
 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 77 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 77 
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 77 
 PART III 
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 78 
 PART IV 
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 82 
 Signatures 
 83 

1 

Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Report contains statements that reflect our views about our future performance and constitute "forward-looking statements" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "outlook," "believe," "anticipate," "appear," "may," "will," "should," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "assume," "seek," "forecast," and similar references to future periods. Our views about future performance involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in our forward-looking statements. We caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. 
 Our future performance may be affected by the levels of residential repair and remodel activity, and to a lesser extent, new home construction, our ability to maintain our strong brands and to develop innovative products, our ability to maintain our public reputation, our ability to maintain our competitive position in our industries, our reliance on key customers, the cost and availability of materials, our dependence on suppliers and service providers, extreme weather events and changes in climate, risks associated with our international operations and global strategies, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives, our ability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy and integrate businesses that we have acquired and may in the future acquire, our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce, risks associated with cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and attacks, risks associated with our reliance on information systems and technology and the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations. 
 
 These and other factors are discussed in detail in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of this Report. Any forward-looking statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it was made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise . 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 Masco Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company is a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded home improvement and building products. Our portfolio of industry-leading brands includes BEHR paint; DELTA and HANSGROHE faucets, bath and shower fixtures; KICHLER decorative and outdoor lighting; LIBERTY branded decorative and functional hardware; and HOT SPRING spas. We leverage our powerful brands across product categories, sales channels and geographies to create value for our customers and shareholders. 
 We believe that our solid results of operations and financial position for 2022 resulted from our continued focus on our three strategic pillars: 
 drive the full potential of our core businesses; 
 leverage opportunities across our enterprise; and 
 actively manage our portfolio. 
 In 2022, we continued to return value to our shareholders by repurchasing approximately 16.6 million shares of our common stock and increasing our quarterly dividend by approximately 19 percent compared to 2021. 
 
 Our Business Segments 
 
 We report our financial results in two segments, our Plumbing Products segment and our Decorative Architectural Products segment, which are aggregated by product similarity. Our Decorative Architectural Products segment is impacted by seasonality and normally experiences stronger sales during the second and third calendar quarters, corresponding with the peak season for repair and remodel activity. 
 
 2 

Plumbing Products 
 The businesses in our Plumbing Products segment sell a wide variety of products that are manufactured or sourced by us. 
 Our plumbing products include faucets, showerheads, handheld showers, valves, bath hardware and accessories, bathing units, shower bases and enclosures, shower drains, steam shower systems, sinks, kitchen accessories and toilets. We primarily sell these products to home center retailers, online retailers, mass merchandisers, wholesalers and distributors that, in turn, sell them to plumbers, building contractors, remodelers, smaller retailers and consumers, and homebuilders. The majority of our faucet, bathing and showering products are sold primarily in North America, Europe and China under the brand names DELTA , BRIZO , PEERLESS , HANSGROHE , AXOR , KRAUS , EASY DRAIN , STEAMIST , ELITESTEAM , GINGER , NEWPORT BRASS , BRASSTECH and WALTEC . Our BRISTAN and HERITAGE products are sold primarily in the United Kingdom. 
 We manufacture acrylic tubs, bath and shower enclosure units , and shower bases and trays . Our DELTA, PEERLESS and MIROLIN products are sold primarily to home center retailers in North America. Our MIROLIN products are also sold to wholesalers and distributors in Canada. 
 Our spas, exercise pools and aquatic fitness systems are manufactured and sold under our HOT SPRING , CALDERA , FREEFLOW SPAS , FANTASY SPAS and ENDLESS POOLS brands, as well as under other trademarks. Our spa and exercise pools are sold worldwide to independent specialty retailers and distributors and to online mass merchant retailers. Certain exercise pools are also available on a consumer-direct basis in North America and Europe, while our aquatic fitness systems are sold through independent specialty retailers as well as on a consumer-direct basis in some areas. 
 Included in our Plumbing Products segment are brass , copper and composite plumbing system components and other non-decorative plumbing products that are sold to plumbing, heating and hardware wholesalers, home center and online retailers, hardware stores, building supply outlets and other mass merchandisers. These products are marketed primarily in North America under our BRASSCRAFT , PLUMBSHOP , COBRA and MASTER PLUMBER brands and are also sold under private label. 
 Within our Plumbing Products segment we develop connected water products that enhance the experience with water in homes and businesses. These systems include touchless activation, voice activation, controlled volume dispensing and provide for monitoring and controlling the temperature and flow of water and are compatible with a range of faucets, showerheads and other showering components. 
 We also supply high-quality, custom thermoplastic solutions, extruded plastic profiles and specialized fabrications, as well as PEX tubing, to manufacturers, distributors and wholesalers for use in diverse applications that include faucets and plumbing supplies, appliances, oil and gas equipment and building products. 
 We believe that our plumbing products are among the leaders in sales in North America and Europe. Competitors of the majority of our products in this segment include Dornbracht AG Co. KG, Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation, Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.'s Moen, Rohl and Riobel brands, Kohler Co., Lixil Group Corporation s American Standard and Grohe brands, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.'s Pfister faucets and private label brands. Competitors of our spas and exercise pools and systems include Artesian Spas, Jacuzzi and Master Spas brands, among others. Foreign manufacturers competing with us are located primarily in Europe, China and Canada. Additionally, we face significant competition from private label products and digitally native brands. The businesses in our Plumbing Products segment manufacture products primarily in North America and Europe as well as in Asia and source products from Asia and other regions. Competition for our plumbing products is based largely on brand reputation, product features and innovation, product quality, customer service, breadth of product offering and price. Many of the faucet and showering products with which our products compete are manufactured by low-cost foreign manufacturers that contribute to price competition. 
 
 3 

Many of our plumbing products contain brass, the major components of which are copper and zinc. We have multiple sources, both domestic and foreign, for our raw materials used in this segment. We have encountered price volatility for brass, brass components and any components containing copper and zinc. To help reduce the impact of this volatility, from time to time we may enter into long-term agreements with certain significant suppliers. In addition, some of the products in this segment that we import have been and may in the future be subject to duties and tariffs. 
 Decorative Architectural Products 
 Our Decorative Architectural Products segment primarily includes architectural coatings, including paints, primers, specialty coatings, stains and waterproofing products, as well as paint applicators and accessories. These products are sold in North America, South America and China under the brand names BEHR , KILZ , WHIZZ , Elder Jenks and other trademarks to do it yourself and professional customers through home center retailers and other retailers. Net sales of architectural coatings comprised approximately 32 percent, 30 percent and 33 percent of our consolidated net sales from our continuing operations in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our BEHR products are sold through The Home Depot, our largest customer overall, as well as this segment s largest customer. Our Behr business grants Behr brand exclusivity in the retail sales channel in North America to The Home Depot. The granting of exclusivity affects our ability to sell those products and brands to other customers, and the loss of this segment s sales to The Home Depot would have a material adverse effect on this segment s business and on our consolidated business as a whole. 
 Our competitors in this segment include large national and international brands such as Benjamin Moore Co., PPG Industries, Inc.'s Glidden, Olympic, Pittsburgh Paints and PPG brands, The Sherwin Williams Company's Minwax, Sherwin-Williams, Thompson s Water Seal, Valspar and Purdy brands, RPM International, Inc.'s Rust-Oleum and Zinsser brands and the Wooster Brush Company, as well as many regional and other national brands. We believe that brand reputation is an important factor in consumer selection, and that competition in this industry is also based largely on product features and innovation, product quality, customer service, breadth of product offering and price. 
 Acrylic resins and titanium dioxide are principal raw materials in the manufacture of architectural coatings. The price of acrylic resins fluctuates based on the price of its components, which can have a material impact on our costs and results of operations in this segment. The price for titanium dioxide can fluctuate as a result of global supply and demand dynamics and production capacity limitations, which can have a material impact on our costs and results of operations in this segment. In addition, the prices of crude oil, natural gas, propylene, methyl methacrylate (MMA) and certain petroleum by-products can impact our costs and results of operations in this segment. We have multiple sources, both domestic and foreign, for the raw materials used in this segment. We have encountered price volatility for propylene and MMA. To help reduce the impact of this price volatility, we have and may in the future enter into long-term agreements with certain significant suppliers. We import certain materials and products for this segment that have been and may in the future be subject to duties and tariffs. We also have agreements with certain significant suppliers for this segment that are intended to help assure continued supply. 
 Our Decorative Architectural Products segment includes branded cabinet and door hardware, functional hardware, wall plates, hook and hook rail products, closet organization systems and picture hanging accessories, which are manufactured for us and sold to home center retailers, mass retailers, online retailers, other specialty retailers, original equipment manufacturers and wholesalers. These products are sold under the LIBERTY , BRAINERD , FRANKLIN BRASS and other trademarks. Our key competitors in North America include Amerock Hardware, Richelieu Hardware Ltd., Top Knobs and private label brands. Decorative bath hardware, shower accessories, mirrors and shower doors are sold under the brand names DELTA and FRANKLIN BRASS and other trademarks to home center retailers, mass retailers, online retailers, other specialty retailers and wholesalers. Competitors for these products include Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.'s Moen brand, Gatco Fine Bathware, Kohler Co. and private label brands. 
 This segment also includes decorative indoor and outdoor lighting fixtures, ceiling fans, landscape lighting and LED lighting systems. These products are sold to home center retailers, online retailers, electrical distributors, landscape distributors and lighting showrooms under the brand names KICHLER and LAN and under other trademarks. Competitors of these products include Acuity, FX Luminaire, Generation Brands, Hinkley Lighting, Inc., Hubbell Incorporated's Progress Lighting brand, Hunter Fan Company and private label brands. 
 4 

Additional Information 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We hold numerous U.S. and foreign patents, patent applications, licenses, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing processes. We view our trademarks and other intellectual property rights as important, but do not believe that there is any reasonable likelihood of a loss of such rights that would have a material adverse effect on our present business as a whole. 
 Laws and Regulations Affecting Our Business 
 We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign government laws and regulations. For a more detailed description of the various laws and regulations that impact our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 We monitor applicable laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, and incur ongoing expense relating to compliance, however we do not expect that compliance with federal, state, local and foreign regulations will result in material capital expenditures or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Human Capital Management 
 The performance of our Company is impacted by our human capital management, and as a result we are focused on attracting, developing and retaining highly qualified, engaged and diverse employees. We have developed three strategic talent priorities: leadership, diversity, equity and inclusion, and future workforce. Our Chief Human Resources Officer is responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy and provides regular updates to our Board of Directors Compensation and Talent Committee on our progress toward the achievement of these strategic initiatives. We believe that our human capital initiatives work together to help our employees grow and thrive, and cultivate a culture where our employees feel like they belong. We are also committed to keeping our employees healthy and safe in the workplace. 
 Leadership 
 We support and foster the growth of our employees by providing development opportunities, experiences and tools that build and strengthen leadership capabilities. Our Leadership Framework, which is how we internally describe the capabilities and behaviors that we believe make great leaders, serves as the foundation for how we select, develop and measure the performance of our leaders. 
 To develop a sustainable pipeline of leaders, we have robust and proactive talent management and succession planning processes to support our businesses. In addition, our Board of Directors and executive management team regularly review our Company s critical leadership roles and succession plans. 
 We are focused on building a continuous learning culture by enabling frequent and candid feedback discussions about performance and development between employees and their managers, across peers, and within teams. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DE I") 
 We believe a workplace that encourages different voices, perspectives and backgrounds creates better teams, better solutions and more innovation. We strive to cultivate a sense of belonging for our employees. We are focused on the following three key areas: 
 Our workplace: who we are and how it feels to work at Masco 
 Our marketplace: how we deliver innovative solutions that meet the needs of all our consumers and customers 
 Our communities: how we can help increase access, equity, and inclusion through strong community partners and business partnerships 

5 

Each strategic focus area has a series of enterprise-wide initiatives, and our businesses have aligned plans that are tailored to meet their specific needs. Our enterprise DE I Council along with business unit councils and employee resource groups serve as advisors, ambassadors and change agents in implementing our enterprise-wide initiatives and their business unit plans. 
 Our workforce representation statistics are one indicator of our performance in advancing a diverse workforce. Following is our workforce representation statistics as of December 31, 2022: 
 In the U.S., our leadership team is comprised of 33 percent women and 26 percent racially / ethnically diverse individuals, as compared to the EEO-1 benchmark of 25 percent and 21 percent, respectively. The EEO-1 leadership benchmark includes executive-level/senior-officials and managers, and first-level officials and managers. 
 In the U.S., our salaried workforce is comprised of approximately 36 percent women and 30 percent racially / ethnically diverse individuals, as compared to the EEO-1 benchmark of 28 percent and 28 percent, respectively. The EEO-1 salaried employees benchmark includes leadership, professionals and technicians. 
 In the U.S., our hourly workforce, which includes hourly and exception hourly, is comprised of 37 percent women and 55 percent racially / ethnically diverse individuals, as compared to the EEO-1 benchmark of 28 percent and 38 percent, respectively. The EEO-1 hourly employees benchmark includes all other EEO categories we did not include in the EEO-1 leadership and salaried benchmark. 
 We have established specific aspirational representation goals for 2025 for certain groups within our U.S. workforce along with goals linked to employees experiences related to inclusion and belonging. These aspirational goals are ambitious and are not intended to be commitments, promises, or guarantees of future achievement. Any progress towards these goals is regularly measured and is reviewed by our Compensation and Talent Committee of our Board of Directors and executive management team. After establishing these goals, we faced and continue to face complexities and variables that are impacting our progress and may result in us not achieving our goals, such as a tightening labor market, challenging economic environment, changes to our portfolio of businesses via acquisitions or divestitures, and adjustments to our job levels and managerial headcount. We describe those goals in our Corporate Social Responsibility report, which is not incorporated by reference into this Report. 
 
 Future Workforce 
 There are critical capabilities that our employees and our organization need to help us achieve our businesses objectives. We leverage our Masco Operating System, our methodology to drive growth and productivity, to ensure that our businesses are focused on building these critical organizational capabilities by ensuring they have the right structure, talent, tools, and training in place. 
 Employee Engagement 
 
 In order to engage and retain our employees, we listen to our employees to understand their perspectives, needs and ideas by leveraging various forums, tools, and methods including surveys to measure key insights related to employee engagement, inclusion, well-being, and leadership, among others. 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 The safety of our employees is integral to our company. In support of our safety efforts, we identify, assess, and investigate incidents and injury data, and each year set a goal to improve key safety performance indicators. We communicate and train our workforce on the importance of safe work practices. We also regularly consult with our employees on safety-related improvements to our operations. Throughout 2022, we continued to implement the best practices and recommendations from the Centers for Disease Control and the Department of Labor (OSHA). 
 Our Workforce 
 At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 19,000 people. 
 6 

Available Information 
 Our website is www.masco.com. Our periodic reports and all amendments to those reports required to be filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This Report is being posted on our website concurrently with its filing with the SEC. Material contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report. Our reports filed with the SEC also may be found on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There are a number of business risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ from past performance or expected results. We consider the following risks and uncertainties to be most relevant to our specific business activities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, also may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 
 Our business strategy is focused on residential repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, on new home construction activity, both of which are impacted by a number of economic factors and other factors. 
 
 Our business relies on residential repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, on new home construction activity. A number of factors impact consumers spending on home improvement projects as well as new home construction activity, including: 
 consumer confidence levels; 
 fluctuations in home prices; 
 existing home sales; 
 inflationary pressures; 
 unemployment and underemployment levels; 
 consumer income and debt levels; 
 household formation; 
 the availability of skilled tradespeople for repair and remodeling work; 
 the availability of home equity loans and mortgages and the interest rates for and tax deductibility of such loans; 
 trends in lifestyle and housing design; and 
 natural disasters, terrorist acts, pandemics, wars or conflicts or other catastrophic events. 
 We have been, and may in the future be, negatively impacted by adverse changes or uncertainty involving one or more of the factors listed above. In addition, the fundamentals driving our business are impacted by economic cycles. An economic contraction or recession have in the past resulted in and could in the future result in a decline in residential repair and remodeling activity or in demand for new home construction, adversely affecting our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 We may not achieve all of the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives. 
 
 We continue to pursue our strategy of driving the full potential of our core businesses, leveraging opportunities across our enterprise, and actively managing our portfolio. Our strategy is designed to grow revenue, improve profitability and increase shareholder value over the mid- to long-term. We execute our strategy by investing in our brands, developing innovative products, making capital investments, and focusing on continuous productivity improvement and operational excellence, among other initiatives. Our business performance and results could be adversely affected if we are unable to timely and effectively execute our strategy. We could also be adversely affected if we have not appropriately prioritized and balanced our strategic initiatives or if we are unable to effectively manage change throughout our organization. 
 7 

We may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition strategy or integrate businesses that we acquire. 
 
 Pursuing the acquisition of businesses complementary to our portfolio is a component of our strategy for future growth. If we are not able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate potential acquisitions within a desired time frame or at acceptable terms and prices, our long-term competitive positioning may be affected. Even if we are successful in acquiring businesses, the businesses we acquire may not be able to achieve the revenue, profitability or growth we anticipate, or we may experience challenges and risks in integrating these businesses into our existing business. Such risks include: 
 difficulties realizing expected synergies and economies of scale; 
 diversion of management attention and our resources; 
 unforeseen liabilities; 
 issues or conflicts with our new or existing customers or suppliers; and 
 difficulties in retaining critical employees of the acquired businesses. 
 International acquisitions that we have made, and international acquisitions that we may make in the future, may continue to increase our exposure to foreign currency risks, risks associated with interpretation and enforcement of foreign regulations and the policies of foreign governments. Our failure to address these risks could cause us to incur additional costs and fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 
 We are dependent on suppliers and service providers. 
 
 We are dependent on third parties for our raw materials, many of our components and finished products and for certain services. Our ability to offer a wide variety of products and provide high levels of service to our customers depend on our ability to obtain an adequate and timely supply of these goods and services. Failure of our suppliers to timely provide us goods and services on commercially reasonable terms or to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements or our supplier business practices policy could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position or could damage our reputation. 
 The operations of the third parties on whom we depend could be impacted by: changing laws, regulations and policies, including those related to climate change; cybersecurity breaches; labor availability; raw material shortages; energy availability; supply disruptions; and adverse weather conditions, pandemics, and other force majeure events. Any of these factors could disrupt our third parties operations and result in shortages of supply, assertion of force majeure and increases in the prices charged to us for the raw materials, components and finished products they produce or services they provide. Sourcing these raw materials, components, finished products and services from alternate suppliers, including suppliers from new geographic regions, or re-engineering our products as a result of supplier disruptions, is time-consuming and costly and could result in inefficiencies or delays in our business operations or could negatively impact the quality of our products. In addition, the loss of critical suppliers, or a substantial decrease in the availability of supply, has disrupted and could continue to disrupt our business and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Many of the suppliers we rely upon are located in foreign countries, primarily China. The differences in business practices, shipping and delivery requirements and costs, changes in economic conditions and trade policies and laws and regulations, together with the limited number of suppliers available to us, have increased the complexity of our supply chain logistics and the potential for interruptions in our production scheduling. We have experienced and may continue to experience constraints on and disruptions to transporting our raw materials, components and finished products from our international and domestic suppliers and have had to pay higher transportation costs. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply chain or if we continue to experience such issues, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. 

8 

Variability in the cost and availability of our raw materials, component parts and finished products could affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 We purchase substantial amounts of raw materials, component parts and finished products from outside sources, including international sources, and we manufacture certain of our products outside of the United States. Increases in the cost of the materials we purchase, including as a result of diminished availability, increased tariffs and inflation or unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have increased and may in the future increase the prices for our products and negatively impact our results of operations and financial position. Further, our production has been and may in the future be affected if we or our suppliers are unable to procure our requirements for various commodities, including, among others, brass, resins, titanium dioxide and zinc, or if a shortage of these commodities results in significantly increased costs. Energy prices have also increased and, this coupled with potential energy supply shortages, could continue to increase our production and transportation costs. In addition, water is a significant component of our architectural coatings products and may be subject to shortages and restrictions on supply in certain regions, due to climate-related and other influences. These factors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 It can be difficult for us to pass on to customers our cost increases. Our existing arrangements with customers, competitive considerations and customer resistance to price increases may delay or make us unable to adjust selling prices. If we are not able to sufficiently increase the prices of our products or achieve cost savings to offset increased material, production, transportation and labor costs, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. Increased selling prices for our products have and may in the future lead to sales declines and loss of market share, particularly if those prices are not competitive. When our material costs decline, we have experienced and may in the future receive pressure from our customers to reduce our prices. Such reductions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 From time to time we enter into long-term agreements with certain significant suppliers to help ensure continued availability of the commodities we require to produce our products and to establish firm pricing, but at times these contractual commitments may result in our paying above market prices for commodities during the term of the contract. Occasionally, we may also use derivative instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. This strategy increases the possibility that we may make commitments for these commodities at prices that subsequently exceed their market prices, which has occurred and could occur in the future and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 There are risks associated with our international operations and global strategies. 
 
 In 2022, 20 percent of our sales from continuing operations were made outside of North America (principally in Europe) and transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition to our European operations, we manufacture products in other locations, including Asia and Mexico and source products and components from third parties globally. Risks associated with our international operations include: 
 differences in culture, economic and labor conditions and practices; 
 the policies of the U.S. and foreign governments; 
 disruptions in trade relations and economic instability; 
 differences in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights; 
 timeliness of transportation and port congestion; 
 social and political unrest; and 
 natural disasters, terrorist attacks, pandemics, wars or conflicts or other catastrophic events. 
 We are also affected by domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to companies doing business outside of the U.S. or importing and exporting goods and materials. These include anti-bribery/anti-corruption laws, laws regulating competition, sanctions, tax laws, and other business practices, and trade regulations, including duties and tariffs. Compliance with these laws is costly, and future changes to these laws may require significant management attention and disrupt our operations. Additionally, while it is difficult to assess what changes may occur and the relative effect on our international tax structure, significant changes in how U.S. and foreign jurisdictions tax cross-border transactions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

9 

Our results of operations and financial position are also impacted by changes in currency exchange rates. Unfavorable currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, the Chinese renminbi, the Canadian dollar, the British pound sterling and the Mexican peso, have in the past adversely affected us, and could adversely affect us in the future. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may present challenges in comparing operating performance from period to period. 
 
 The long-term performance of our businesses relies on our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce. 
 
 To be successful, we must invest significant resources to attract, develop and retain highly qualified, talented and diverse employees at all levels, who have the experience, knowledge and expertise to implement our strategic and business initiatives. We compete for employees with a broad range of employers in many different industries, including large multinational firms. We may face challenges in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining employees, particularly when the labor market is experiencing low unemployment levels, increasing compensation and increasing competition. We have been and continue to be affected by a shortage of qualified personnel primarily for our hourly workforce. 
 Additionally if we are unable to attract, develop and retain key employees, build strong and diverse leadership teams, successfully implement our talent strategies or develop effective succession planning, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. 
 
 Extreme weather events and changes in climate could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Extreme weather events, such as severe winter and other storms, hurricanes, fires, floods, tornados and droughts, as a result of climate change or other factors, have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact our business. These types of events can be disruptive to our operations and may impact consumer spending. In addition, we have certain suppliers located in areas that have experienced extreme weather events which have impacted and may in the future impact the availability and cost of some of our raw materials, components and finished products. If the frequency or severity of extreme weather increases, we may experience interruptions to our operations, further impact on our supply chain, increased operating costs or loss or damage to our property or inventory, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in our credit agreement could limit our financial flexibility. 
 
 We must comply with both financial and nonfinancial covenants in our credit agreement, and in order to borrow under it, we cannot be in default with any of those provisions. Our ability to borrow under the credit agreement could be affected if our earnings significantly decline to a level where we are not in compliance with the financial covenants or if we default on any nonfinancial covenants. In the past, we have been able to amend the covenants in our credit agreement, but there can be no assurance that in the future we would be able to further amend them. If we were unable to borrow under our credit agreement, our financial flexibility could be restricted. 
 
 Competitive Risks 
 
 We could lose market share if we do not maintain our strong brands, develop innovative products or respond to changing purchasing practices and consumer preferences. 
 
 Our competitive advantage is due, in part, to our ability to maintain our strong brands and to develop and introduce innovative new and improved products. Our initiatives to invest in brand building, brand awareness and product innovation may not be successful. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing innovative and improved products, such as gauging changing consumer demands and preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and servicing these products, may impact the success of our product introductions. If the products we introduce do not gain widespread acceptance or if our competitors improve their products more rapidly or effectively than we do, we could lose market share or be required to reduce our prices, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. 
 10 

In recent years, consumer purchasing practices and preferences have shifted and our customers business models and strategies have changed. As our customers execute their strategies to reach end consumers through multiple channels, they rely on us to support their efforts with our infrastructure, including maintaining robust and user-friendly websites with sufficient content for consumer research and providing comprehensive supply chain solutions and differentiated product development. If we are unable to successfully provide this support to our customers or if our customers are unable to successfully execute their strategies, our brands may lose market share. 
 A number of consumer preferences are changing, including a continued shift in consumer purchasing practices toward e-commerce and increased consumer demand for products with potential desired attributes, such as connected products and sustainable products. If we do not timely and effectively identify and respond to these changes our relationships with our customers and with consumers could be harmed, our ability to retain our customers and consumers may be negatively impacted, the demand for our brands and products could be reduced and our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. 
 
 Damage to our public reputation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Our public image and reputation are important to maintaining our strong brands. Our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected by negative claims and comments in social media or the press, a negative perception regarding our products or company practices, positions or public statements, even if unfounded, or a data breach. Furthermore, there is increased scrutiny by stakeholders on environmental, social and governance ESG practices by companies, and we may not be able to meet such stakeholders expectations. Expectations regarding ESG practices are diverse and rapidly changing, and we may not be able to align our ESG practices with such evolving expectations within the timeframes expected by stakeholders or without incurring significant costs. In addition, we may not be able to achieve our aspirational goals related to our ESG initiatives, which are and may continue to be impacted by many complexities and variables, such as a tightening labor market, challenging economic environment, changes to our operations, changes to our portfolio of businesses via acquisitions or divestitures, and adjustments to our job levels and managerial headcount. A failure or perceived failure by us in this regard may damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 We face significant competition and operate in an evolving competitive landscape. 
 
 Our products face significant competition. We believe that brand reputation is an important factor affecting product selection and that we compete on the basis of product features, innovation, quality, customer service, warranty and price. We sell our products through home center retailers, online retailers, distributors and independent dealers and rely on these customers to market and promote our products to consumers. Our success with our customers is dependent on, among other things, our ability to provide quality products with desired features at the right price, timely delivery and a high level of customer service. Home center retailers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and remodelers, are increasingly selling directly to professional contractors and installers, which may adversely affect our margins on our products that contractors and installers would otherwise buy through our dealers and wholesalers. In addition, as home center retailers develop customer experience programs to attract and retain contractors and installers, they are relying on us to support their efforts. Such support has been and could continue to be time-consuming and costly and these efforts may not be successful, which may affect our growth and operating results. 
 Certain of our customers are selling products sourced from low-cost foreign manufacturers under their own private label brands, which directly compete with our brands. As a result of this trend, we have experienced and may in the future experience lower demand for our products or a shift in the mix of some products we sell toward more value-priced or opening price point products, which may affect our operating results. 
 In addition, we face competitive pricing pressure in the marketplace, including sales promotion programs, that could affect our market share or result in price reductions, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. 

11 

Further, the growing e-commerce channel brings an increased number of competitors and greater pricing transparency for consumers, as well as conflicts between our existing distribution channels and a need for different distribution methods. These factors could affect our results of operations and financial position. In addition, our relationships with our customers, including our home center customers, may be affected if we increase the amount of business we transact in the e-commerce channel. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain our competitive position in our industries, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our sales are concentrated with three significant customers and this concentration may continue to increase. In 2022, our net sales from our continuing operations to The Home Depot were 3.3 billion (approximately 38 percent of our consolidated net sales), and our net sales from our continuing operations to Ferguson and Lowe s were each less than 10 percent of our consolidated net sales. These customers can significantly affect the prices we receive for our products and the terms and conditions on which we do business with them. Additionally, these customers have reduced in the past and may in the future reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase and could make significant changes in their volume of purchases from us. Although other retailers, dealers, distributors and homebuilders represent other channels of distribution for our products and services, we might not be able to quickly replace, or replace at all, the loss of a substantial portion of our sales to The Home Depot or the loss of all of our sales to either Ferguson or Lowe s. Any such loss would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. 
 In addition, our Behr business grants Behr brand exclusivity in the retail sales channel in North America to The Home Depot, and from time to time, certain of our other businesses grant product and/or brand exclusivity to our customers. The granting of exclusivity affects our ability to sell those products and brands to other customers and can increase the complexity of our product offerings and our costs. 
 
 Technology and Intellectual Property Risks 
 
 We have been and may continue to be subject to cybersecurity attacks, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more frequent, sophisticated and targeted attacks pose a risk to our information technology systems and to critical third-party information technology platforms we utilize. We have implemented security policies, processes and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information and disruption of our operations. Despite these efforts, systems we utilize have been and may in the future be damaged, disrupted, ransomed or shut down due to cybersecurity attacks by unauthorized access, malware, ransomware, undetected intrusion, hardware failures, or other events, and in these circumstances our disaster recovery plans may be ineffective or inadequate. These attacks have led and could in the future lead to business interruption, production or operational downtime, product shipment delays, exposure or loss of proprietary confidential or financial information or the personal information of our employees, suppliers, customers or consumers, data corruption, an inability to report our financial results in a timely manner, damage to the reputation of our brands, damage to our relationships with our employees, suppliers, customers and consumers, exposure to litigation, and increased costs associated with the remediation and mitigation of such attacks. In addition, we could be adversely affected if any of our significant customers, suppliers or service providers experiences any similar events that disrupt their business operations or damage their reputation. Such events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

12 

We rely on information systems and technology, and a breakdown or interruption of these systems could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 We rely on many on-site and cloud-based information systems and technology to process, transmit, store and manage information to support our business activities. We may be adversely affected if these information systems breakdown, fail, or are no longer supported by third-party service providers, including cloud platform providers. In addition to the consequences that may occur from interruptions in the current systems we utilize, we continue to invest in new technology systems throughout our company, including implementations of and upgrades to critical systems at our business units. System implementations and upgrades are complex and require significant management oversight, and we have experienced, and may continue to experience, unanticipated expenses and interruptions to our operations during these implementations and upgrades. Our results of operations and financial position, as well as the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, could be adversely affected if we do not appropriately select, implement, maintain or upgrade our critical systems in a timely manner or if we experience significant unanticipated expenses or disruptions in connection with the implementation, upgrade or update of such systems. 
 
 We may not be able to adequately protect or prevent the unauthorized use of our intellectual property. 
 
 Protecting our intellectual property is important to our growth and innovation efforts. We own a number of patents, trade names, brand names and other forms of intellectual property in our products and manufacturing processes throughout the world. There can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights will prevent violations. Our intellectual property has been and may again be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected. In addition, the global nature of our business increases the risk that we may be unable to obtain or maintain our intellectual property rights on reasonable terms. Furthermore, others have asserted and may in the future assert intellectual property infringement claims against us. Current and former employees, contractors, customers or suppliers have or may have had access to proprietary or confidential information regarding our business operations that could harm us if used by them, or disclosed to others, including our competitors. Protecting and preventing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could be costly, time consuming and require significant resources. If we are not able to protect our existing intellectual property rights, or prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, sales of our products may be affected and we may experience reputational damage to our brand names, increased litigation costs and adverse impact to our competitive position, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Litigation and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Claims and litigation could be costly. 
 
 We are involved in various claims and litigation, including class actions, mass torts and regulatory proceedings, that arise in the ordinary course of our business and that could have a material adverse effect on us. The types of matters may include, among others: advertising, competition, contract, data privacy, employment, environmental, insurance coverage, intellectual property, personal injury, product compliance, product liability, securities and warranty. The outcome and effect of these matters are inherently unpredictable, and defending and resolving them can be costly and can divert management s attention. We have and may continue to incur significant costs as a result of claims and litigation. 
 We are also subject to product safety regulations, product recalls and direct claims for product liability that can result in significant costs and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, create adverse publicity and damage the reputation of our brands and business. Also, we rely on suppliers to provide finished products and components for products that we sell. Due to the difficulty of controlling the quality of finished products and components we source from these suppliers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such finished products and components and to limitations on our recourse against such suppliers. 
 We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks of loss resulting from claims and litigation. The levels of insurance we maintain may not be adequate to fully cover our losses or liabilities. If any significant accident, judgment, claim or other event is not fully insured or indemnified against, it could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 13 

Refer to Note U to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information about litigation involving our businesses. 
 
 Our failure to comply with laws, government regulations and other requirements could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to: 
 anti-bribery/anti-corruption; 
 climate change and protection of the environment; 
 competition practices; 
 data privacy; 
 employment and labor matters; 
 environment, health and safety matters; 
 product safety and performance; 
 protection of employees and consumers; 
 securities matters; 
 sanctions; 
 taxation; 
 trade, including duties and tariffs; and 
 wage and hour matters. 
 In addition to complying with current requirements and known future requirements, we will be subject to new or more stringent requirements in the future. 
 As we sell new types of products or existing products in new geographies or channels or for new applications, we are subject to the requirements applicable to those sales. Additionally, some of our products must be certified by industry organizations. Compliance with new or changed laws, regulations and other requirements, including as a part of government or industry response to climate change, may require us to alter our product designs, our manufacturing processes, our packaging or our sourcing or may result in restrictions on our operations. These compliance activities are costly and require significant management attention and resources. If we do not effectively and timely comply with such regulations and other requirements, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. 
 
 Coronavirus Disease Risks 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to impact our operations, which may impact our results and our financial condition. 
 
 We operate facilities in the U.S. and around the world which have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the closure or reduced capacity of certain of our facilities; delays or disruptions in our ability to source and increases in the cost of raw materials, components and finished products; constraints in shipping, transportation and logistics; and decreased employee availability. Future disruption of our operations or slowdown in domestic and international economic activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 To the extent COVID-19 impacts our business and our operations, it may also have the effect of heightening certain of the other risks described in this Report, such as those relating to our international operations and global strategies and our dependence on suppliers. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

14 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 The table below lists principal North American properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 Business Segment Manufacturing Warehouse and Distribution Plumbing Products 22 12 Decorative Architectural Products 8 18 Totals 30 30 
 Most of our North American facilities range from single warehouse buildings to complex manufacturing facilities. We own most of our North American manufacturing facilities, none of which is subject to significant encumbrances. A substantial number of our warehouse and distribution facilities are leased. 
 The table below lists principal properties outside of North America as of December 31, 2022. 
 Business Segment Manufacturing Warehouse and Distribution Plumbing Products 8 16 Decorative Architectural Products Totals 8 16 
 Most of our international facilities are in China, Germany and the United Kingdom. We own most of our international manufacturing facilities, none of which is subject to significant encumbrances. A substantial number of our international warehouse and distribution facilities are leased. 
 We lease our corporate headquarters in Livonia, Michigan, and we own a building in Taylor, Michigan, that is used by our Masco Technical Services (research and development) department. We also lease an office facility in Luxembourg, which serves as a headquarters for most of our foreign operations. 
 Each of our operating divisions assesses the manufacturing, distribution and other facilities needed to meet its operating requirements. We regularly review our anticipated requirements for facilities and, on the basis of that review, have and may in the future, build, acquire or lease additional facilities, or expand additional facilities. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Information regarding legal proceedings involving us is set forth in Note U to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 The New York Stock Exchange is the principal market on which our common stock is traded, under the ticker symbol MAS. On January 31, 2023, there were approximately 2,600 holders of record of our common stock. 
 We expect that our practice of paying quarterly dividends on our common stock will continue, although the payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors. The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.285 per share in the first quarter of 2023 with the intention to increase the annual dividend to 1.14 per share. 
 We repurchased and retired 16.6 million shares of our common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 for approximately 914 million. This included 0.6 million shares to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted in 2022. Effective October 20, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase, for retirement, of up to 2.0 billion of shares of our common stock in open-market transactions or otherwise, replacing the previous Board of Directors authorization established in 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had 2.0 billion remaining under the 2022 authorization. 

16 

Performance Graph 
 
 The table below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of (i) the Standard Poor's 500 Composite Stock Index ("S P 500 Index"), (ii) The Standard Poor's Industrials Index ("S P Industrials Index") and (iii) the Standard Poor's Consumer Durables Apparel Index ("S P Consumer Durables Apparel Index"), from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, when the closing price of our common stock was 46.67. The graph assumes investments of 100 on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the three indices and the reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 The table below sets forth the value, as of December 31 for each of the years indicated, of a 100 investment made on December 31, 2017 in each of our common stock, the S P 500 Index, the S P Industrials Index and the S P Consumer Durables Apparel Index and includes the reinvestment of dividends. 
 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Masco 66.55 109.22 125.01 159.81 106.21 S P 500 Index 93.76 120.84 140.49 178.27 143.61 S P Industrials Index 85.00 107.81 117.52 140.32 130.35 S P Consumer Durables Apparel Index 86.69 114.67 135.78 164.21 114.07 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

17 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, our consolidated financial statements (and notes related thereto) and other more detailed financial information appearing elsewhere in this Report. Further, you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. See also Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We design, manufacture and distribute branded home improvement and building products. These products are sold primarily for repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, new home construction. We sell our products through home center retailers, online retailers, wholesalers and distributors, mass merchandisers, hardware stores, direct to the consumer, professional contractors and homebuilders. 
 We continue to pursue our strategy of driving the full potential of our core businesses, leveraging opportunities across our enterprise, and actively managing our portfolio. We remain confident in the fundamentals of our business and long-term strategy. We execute our strategy by investing in our brands, developing innovative products, making capital investments, and focusing on continuous productivity improvement and operational excellence, among other initiatives. We believe that our strong financial position and cash flow generation, together with our investments in our industry-leading branded building products, our continued focus on innovation and disciplined capital allocation, will allow us to drive long-term growth and create value for our shareholders. 
 We continue to leverage the Masco Operating System, our methodology to drive growth and productivity, and continuous improvement initiatives across our enterprise to identify additional opportunities to improve our business operations. From time to time, we may take actions to drive efficiency in the business focused on the strategic rationalization of our businesses, including business consolidations, plant closures, headcount reductions and other cost savings initiatives. 

Recent Trends 
 
 Due to changing market conditions, we are experiencing, and may continue to experience, lower market demand for our products. We have been experiencing, and may continue to experience, elevated commodity and other input costs, elevated transportation costs and supply chain disruptions, particularly disruptions related to our ability to source products, components and raw materials. We have also been experiencing, and may continue to experience, employee-related cost inflation and constraints in hiring qualified employees. While still elevated, we have recently seen some reduction of certain costs, and we aim to offset the potential unfavorable impact of our costs and lower demand for our products with productivity improvement, pricing, and other initiatives. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 We report our financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). However, we believe that certain non-GAAP performance measures and ratios, used in managing the business, may provide users of this financial information with additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior periods. These include the disclosure of net sales, operating profit and operating profit margins adjusted for certain items. Non-GAAP performance measures and ratios should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our reported results under GAAP. 
 We discuss our consolidated results as well as our Business Segment and Geographic Area results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021. A detailed discussion of our consolidated, Business Segment and Geographic Area results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. 
 18 

SALES AND OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Sales 
 Below is a summary of our net sales, in millions, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net sales, as reported 8,680 8,375 305 Acquisitions (11) (11) Divestitures (32) 32 Net sales, excluding acquisitions and divestitures 8,669 8,343 326 Currency translation 211 211 Net sales, excluding acquisitions, divestitures and the effect of currency translation 8,880 8,343 537 
 
 Net sales for 2022 were 8.7 billion, which increased four percent compared to 2021. Excluding acquisitions, divestitures and the effect of currency translation, net sales increased six percent. 
 Net sales for 2022 increased primarily due to: 
 Higher net selling prices across the entire company which increased sales by nine percent. 
 These amounts were partially offset by: 
 Lower sales volume which decreased sales by three percent. 
 Unfavorable foreign currency translation which decreased sales by two percent. 
 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Below is a summary of our gross profit, in millions, and gross margin for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Gross profit 2,713 2,863 (150) Gross margin 31.3 34.2 (290) bps 
 
 The 2022 gross profit margin was negatively impacted by: 
 Increased commodity and transportation costs. 
 Higher costs due to production inefficiencies and related under absorption, as well as higher excess and obsolete inventory charges resulting from business rationalization activities. 
 Lower sales volume. 
 Unfavorable sales mix. 
 
 These amounts were partially offset by: 
 Higher net selling prices. 

19 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Below is a summary of our selling, general and administrative expenses, in millions, and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Favorable) / Unfavorable Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,390 1,413 (23) Selling, general and administrative expenses as percentage of net sales 16.0 16.9 (90) bps 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2022 was positively impacted by: 
 Higher net sales resulting from favorable net selling prices. 
 Lower variable compensation. 
 These amounts were partially offset by: 
 Increased marketing costs. 
 
 Operating Profit 
 Below is a summary of our operating profit, in millions, and operating profit margins for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Operating profit, as reported 1,297 1,405 (108) Rationalization charges 32 4 28 Impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets 26 45 (19) Operating profit, excluding rationalization charges and impairment charges 1,355 1,454 (99) Operating profit margin, as reported 14.9 16.8 (190) bps Operating profit margin, excluding rationalization charges and impairment charges 15.6 17.4 (180) bps 
 Operating profit in 2022 was negatively impacted by: 
 Increased commodity and transportation costs. 
 Higher costs due to production inefficiencies and related under absorption, as well as higher excess and obsolete inventory charges resulting from business rationalization activities. 
 Lower sales volume. 
 Unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 Increased marketing costs. 
 Unfavorable sales mix. 
 These amounts were partially offset by: 
 Higher net selling prices. 
 Lower variable compensation. 
 Lower goodwill and other intangible assets impairment charges in our lighting business. 

20 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Below is a summary of our interest expense, in millions, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Interest expense (108) (278) 170 
 
 The decrease in interest expense is primarily due to the absence of the 168 million loss on debt extinguishment, which was recorded as additional interest expense in connection with the early retirement of debt in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 Other, net 
 
 Below is a summary of our other, net, in millions, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Other, net 4 (439) 443 
 
 Other, net, for 2022 included: 
 24 million of income from the revaluation of contingent consideration related to a prior acquisition. 
 This amount was partially offset by: 
 10 million of net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit expense. 
 6 million of losses related to equity method investments. 
 Other, net, for 2021 included: 
 430 million of net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit expense, which includes 399 million of net settlement loss related to the termination of our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans. 
 18 million loss related to the divestiture of our H ppe GmbH ("H ppe") business. 
 16 million expense from the revaluation of contingent consideration related to a prior acquisition. 
 These amounts were partially offset by: 
 14 million gain recognized on the redemption of the preferred stock of ACProducts Holding, Inc. and 6 million of related dividend income. 
 11 million of earnings related to equity method investments. 

21 

INCOME TAXES 
 
 Below is a summary of our income tax expense, in millions, and our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Favorable) / Unfavorable Income tax expense 288 210 78 Effective tax rate 24 31 (7) 
 Our 2021 income tax expense included 16 million due to the elimination of disproportionate tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income related to our debt retirement and pension plan termination and 18 million due to losses providing no tax benefit in certain jurisdictions from our pension plan termination and a business divestiture. 
 Refer to Note S to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 INCOME AND INCOME PER COMMON SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS- ATTRIBUTABLE TO MASCO CORPORATION 
 
 Below is a summary of our income and diluted income per common share from continuing operations, in millions, except per share data, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Income from continuing operations 844 410 434 Diluted income per common share from continuing operations 3.63 1.62 2.01 
 22 

Business Segment and Geographic Area Results 
 
 The following table sets forth our net sales and operating profit information for our continuing operations by Business Segment and Geographic Area, dollars in millions. Year Ended December 31, Percent 
 Change 
 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 
 Net Sales: Plumbing Products 5,252 5,135 2 Decorative Architectural Products 3,428 3,240 6 Total 8,680 8,375 4 North America 6,978 6,624 5 International, principally Europe 1,702 1,751 (3) Total 8,680 8,375 4 
 Year Ended December 31, Percent 
 Change 
 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Operating Profit (A): Plumbing Products 819 929 (12) Decorative Architectural Products 565 581 (3) Total 1,384 1,510 (8) North America 1,116 1,214 (8) International, principally Europe 268 296 (9) Total 1,384 1,510 (8) General corporate expense, net (87) (105) (17) Total operating profit 1,297 1,405 (8) 
 
 (A) Before general corporate expense, net; refer to Note Q to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS DISCUSSION 
 
 Changes in operating profit in the following Business Segment and Geographic Area Results discussion exclude general corporate expense, net, and compares each respective period to the same period of the immediately preceding year. 

23 

Plumbing Products 
 Sales 
 Net sales in the Plumbing Products segment increased two percent in 2022 due primarily to favorable net selling prices, which increased sales by seven percent, and higher international plumbing sales volume which increased sales by two percent. These amounts were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation which decreased sales by four percent, lower North America plumbing sales volume which decreased sales by two percent, and the divestiture of H ppe which decreased sales by one percent. 
 Operating Results 
 Operating profit in the Plumbing Products segment in 2022 was negatively impacted by increased commodity and transportation costs, higher costs due to production inefficiencies and related under absorption, higher excess and obsolete inventory charges resulting from business rationalization activities, unfavorable foreign currency translation, increased marketing costs and unfavorable sales mix. These amounts were partially offset by favorable net selling prices and, to a lesser extent, lower variable compensation. 
 Decorative Architectural Products 
 Sales 
 Net sales in the Decorative Architectural Products segment increased six percent in 2022, primarily due to favorable net selling prices across the segment. These amounts were partially offset by lower sales volume across the segment. 
 Operating Results 
 Operating profit in the Decorative Architectural Products segment in 2022 was negatively impacted by increased commodity and transportation costs, lower sales volume, higher costs due to production inefficiencies and related under absorption, higher excess and obsolete inventory charges resulting from business rationalization activities, and increased marketing costs. These amounts were partially offset by favorable net selling prices and lower goodwill and other intangible assets impairment charges in our lighting business. 

Geographic Area Results Discussion 
 
 North America 
 Sales 
 North America net sales increased five percent in 2022. Favorable net selling prices across all of our product categories increased sales by 10 percent. These amounts were partially offset by lower sales volume, which decreased sales by five percent. 
 Operating Results 
 North America operating profit in 2022 was negatively impacted by increased commodity and transportation costs, lower sales volume, higher costs due to production inefficiencies and related under absorption, higher excess and obsolete inventory charges resulting from business rationalization activities, and increased marketing costs. These amounts were partially offset by favorable net selling prices, and to a lesser extent, lower variable compensation and lower goodwill and other intangible assets impairment charges in our lighting business. 
 International, Principally Europe 
 Sales 
 International net sales decreased three percent in 2022. In local currencies (including sales in currencies outside their respective functional currencies), net sales increased eight percent. Favorable net selling prices of plumbing products increased sales by six percent. Higher sales volume of plumbing products increased sales by five percent. These amounts were partially offset by the divestiture of our H ppe business which decreased sales by two percent and unfavorable sales mix which decreased sales by two percent. 
 24 

Operating Results 
 International operating profit in 2022 was negatively impacted by increased commodity and transportation costs, unfavorable foreign currency translation, wage inflation, and unfavorable sales mix. These amounts were partially offset by favorable net selling prices and higher sales volume of plumbing products. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview of Capital Structure 
 Historically, we have largely funded our growth through cash provided by our operations, the issuance of notes in the financial markets, bank borrowings and the issuance of our common stock, including issuances for certain mergers and acquisitions. Maintaining high levels of liquidity and focusing on cash generation are among our financial strategies. Our capital allocation strategy includes reinvesting in our business, balancing share repurchases with potential acquisitions and maintaining a relevant dividend. 
 We had cash and cash investments of approximately 452 million and 926 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our cash and cash investments consist of overnight interest bearing money market demand accounts, time deposit accounts, and money market mutual funds containing government securities and treasury obligations. While we attempt to diversify these investments in a prudent manner to minimize risk, it is possible that future changes in the financial markets could affect the security or availability of these investments. Of the cash and cash investments we held at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 321 million and 490 million, respectively, was held in our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds were needed for our operations in the U.S., their repatriation into the U.S. would not result in significant additional U.S. income tax or foreign withholding tax, as we have recorded such taxes on substantially all undistributed foreign earnings, except for those that are legally restricted. 
 Our current ratio was 1.6 to 1 and 1.8 to 1 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in our current ratio is primarily due to the 364-day 500 million term loan that we entered into on April 26, 2022. 
 Our total debt as a percent of total capitalization was 109 percent and 98 percent at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note L to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 We believe that our present cash balance and cash flows from operations, and borrowing availability under our 2022 Credit Agreement, are sufficient to fund our near-term working capital and other investment needs. We believe that our longer-term working capital and other general corporate requirements will be satisfied through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from bank borrowings and future financial market activities. However, due to the changing market conditions and its impact on our customers and suppliers, we are unable to fully estimate the extent of the impact it may have on our future financial condition. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We continue to invest in our manufacturing and distribution operations to increase our productivity, improve customer service and support product innovation. Capital expenditures for 2022 were 224 million, compared with 128 million for 2021. The increase in capital expenditures in 2022 was primarily due to capacity expansion plans in our Plumbing Products and Decorative Architectural Products segments. For 2023, capital expenditures, excluding any potential future acquisitions, are expected to be approximately 250 million. Depreciation and amortization expense for 2022 totaled 145 million, compared with 151 million for 2021. For 2023, depreciation and amortization expense, excluding any potential future acquisitions, is expected to be approximately 150 million. Amortization expense totaled 33 million in 2022, compared with 40 million in 2021. 

25 

Senior Indebtedness 
 On March 4, 2021, we issued 600 million of 1.500 Notes due February 15, 2028, 600 million of 2.000 Notes due February 15, 2031 and 300 million of 3.125 Notes due February 15, 2051. We received proceeds of 1,495 million, net of discount, for the issuance of these Notes. The Notes are senior indebtedness and are redeemable at our option at the applicable redemption price. On March 22, 2021, proceeds from the debt issuances, together with cash on hand, were used to repay and early retire our 326 million 5.950 Notes due March 15, 2022, 500 million 4.450 Notes due April 1, 2025, and 500 million 4.375 Notes due April 1, 2026. In connection with these early retirements, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of 168 million, which was recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On April 26, 2022, we entered into a revolving credit agreement (the 2022 Credit Agreement with an aggregate commitment of 1.0 billion and a maturity date of April 26, 2027. Upon entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement, our credit agreement dated March 13, 2019, as amended, with an aggregate commitment of 1.0 billion, was terminated. 
 Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, at our request and subject to certain conditions, we can increase the aggregate commitment up to an additional 500 million with the current lenders or new lenders. See Note L to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain (A) a net leverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not exceeding 4.0 to 1.0, and (B) an interest coverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not less than 2.5 to 1.0. We were in compliance with all covenants and no borrowings were outstanding under our 2022 Credit Agreement at December 31, 2022. As of the date of this report, 69 million was borrowed and outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 5.800 . 
 364-day Term Loan 
 On April 26, 2022, we entered into a 364-day 500 million senior unsecured delayed draw term loan due April 26, 2023 with a syndicate of lenders. The senior unsecured term loan and commitments thereunder are subject to prepayment or termination at our option and the loans will bear interest at SOFR plus a spread adjustment and 0.70 . The covenants, including the financial covenants, are substantially the same as those in the 2022 Credit Agreement. We repaid 300 million during 2022. 
 Corporate Development Strategy 
 We expect to maintain a balanced growth strategy pursuing organic growth by maximizing the full potential of our existing businesses and, as appropriate, complementing our existing business with strategic acquisitions. 
 In addition, we actively manage our portfolio of companies by divesting those businesses that do not align with our long-term growth strategy. We will continue to review all of our businesses to determine which businesses, if any, may not align with our long-term growth strategy. 
 Acquisitions 
 During 2021, our Hansgrohe SE subsidiary acquired a 75.1 percent equity interest in Easy Sanitary Solutions B.V., a manufacturer of shower channel drains that offers a wide range of products for barrier-free showering and bathroom wall niches, for approximately 47 million 58 million), including 52 million of cash and 6 million of debt that will be paid out over two years. During 2021, we also acquired all of the share capital of Steamist, Inc., a manufacturer of residential steam bath products that are complementary to many of our plumbing products, for approximately 56 million in cash. 
 Divestitures 
 During 2021, we completed the divestiture of H ppe, a manufacturer of shower enclosures and shower trays. In connection with the divestiture, we recognized a loss of 18 million. During 2022, we recorded a 2 million pre-tax post-closing gain related to the finalization of working capital items in connection with the divestiture. 
 
 26 

Share Repurchases 
 We repurchased and retired 16.6 million shares of our common stock in 2022 for approximately 914 million. This included 0.6 million shares to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted in 2022. Effective October 20, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase, for retirement, of up to 2.0 billion of shares of our common stock in open-market transactions or otherwise, replacing the previous Board of Directors authorization established in 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had 2.0 billion remaining under the 2022 authorization. Consistent with past practice and as part of our long-term capital allocation strategy, we anticipate using approximately 500 million of cash for share repurchases (including shares which will be purchased to offset any dilution from restricted stock units granted as part of our compensation programs) in 2023. Refer to Note O to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 During 2021, we repurchased and retired 17.6 million shares of our common stock (including 0.7 million shares to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted during the year), for approximately 1,026 million. 
 Dividend to holders of our Common Shares 
 We paid a quarterly dividend of 0.28 per common share for an annual dividend of 1.12 per share. 
 As part of our capital allocation strategy, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.285 per share in the first quarter of 2023 with the intention to increase the annual dividend to 1.14 per share. 
 Other Liquidity and Capital Resource Activities 
 As part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including extending payment terms. We also facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program (the "program") to provide certain of our suppliers with the opportunity to sell receivables due from us to participating financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the financial institutions. A third party administers the program; our responsibility is limited to making payment on the terms originally negotiated with our supplier, regardless of whether the supplier sells its receivable to a financial institution. We do not enter into agreements with any of the participating financial institutions in connection with the program. The range of payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the program. 
 All outstanding payments owed under the program are recorded within accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. The amounts owed to participating financial institutions under the program and included in accounts payable for our continuing operations were 29 million and 43 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We account for all payments made under the program as a reduction to our cash flows from operations and reported within our (decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, net, line within our consolidated statements of cash flows. The amounts settled through the program and paid to participating financial institutions were 188 million and 220 million for our continuing operations during 2022 and 2021, respectively. A downgrade in our credit rating or changes in the financial markets could limit the financial institutions willingness to commit funds to, and participate in, the program. We do not believe such risk would have a material impact on our working capital or cash flows, as substantially all of our payments are made outside of the program. 
 We utilize derivative and hedging instruments to manage our exposure to currency fluctuations, primarily related to the European euro, British pound sterling, the Chinese renminbi and the U.S. dollar; occasionally, we have also used derivative and hedging instruments to manage interest rate fluctuations, primarily related to debt issuances. We review our hedging program, derivative positions and overall risk management on a regular basis. We currently do not have any derivative instruments for which we have designated hedge accounting. 

27 

Cash Flows 
 
 Significant sources and (uses) of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows, in millions: 2022 2021 Net cash from operating activities 840 930 Retirement of notes (1,326) Purchase of Company common stock (914) (1,026) Cash dividends paid (258) (211) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest (68) (43) Capital expenditures (224) (128) Proceeds from term loan 500 Payment of term loan (300) Debt extinguishment costs (160) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 1 5 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired (57) Issuance of notes, net of issuance costs 1,481 Employee withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation (17) (15) Proceeds from disposition of: Businesses, net of cash disposed 5 Property and equipment 1 Financial investments 1 171 Payment of debt (10) (3) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash investments (18) (20) Other, net (8) (3) Cash decrease (474) (400) 
 Our working capital days were as follows: At December 31, 2022 2021 Receivable days 53 51 Inventory days 80 85 Accounts payable days 68 66 Working capital (receivables plus inventories, less accounts payable) as a percentage of net sales 17.4 16.0 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operations of 840 million primarily benefited from operating profit, partially offset by changes in working capital, primarily lower accounts payable and accrued liabilities balances. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 1,066 million, primarily due to 914 million for the repurchase and retirement of our common stock (including 0.6 million shares repurchased to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted in 2022), 300 million for the partial payment of the 364-day term loan, 258 million for the payment of cash dividends, 68 million for dividends paid to noncontrolling interest and 17 million for employee withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation. These uses of cash were partially offset by 500 million in proceeds from the 364-day term loan. 
 
 28 

Investing Activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 230 million, primarily driven by 224 million of capital expenditures. 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 Litigation 
 Information regarding our legal proceedings is set forth in Note U to the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Other Commitments 
 We enter into contracts, which include reasonable and customary indemnifications that are standard for the industries in which we operate. Such indemnifications include claims made against builders by homeowners for issues relating to our products and workmanship. In conjunction with divestitures and other transactions, we occasionally provide reasonable and customary indemnifications. We have not paid a material amount related to these indemnifications, and we evaluate the probability that amounts may be incurred and record an estimated liability when probable and reasonably estimable. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table provides payment obligations related to current contracts at December 31, 2022, in millions: 
 Payments Due by Period 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Beyond 2027 Other Total Debt (A) 
 205 6 304 2,644 3,159 Interest (A) 
 101 194 192 738 1,225 Operating leases 50 89 68 174 381 Currently payable income taxes 48 48 Purchase commitments (B) 
 438 64 35 537 Uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties (C) 
 92 92 Total 842 353 599 3,556 92 5,442 ______________________________ 
 (A) We assume that all debt would be held to maturity. Amounts include finance lease obligations. 
 (B) Excludes contracts that do not require volume commitments and open or pending purchase orders. 
 (C) Due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows associated with uncertain tax positions, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate for the year in which cash settlements may occur with applicable tax authorities. 
 Refer to Note N to the consolidated financial statements for defined-benefit pension plan obligations. 

29 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect or could have affected the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of any contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We regularly review our estimates and assumptions, which are based upon historical experience, as well as current economic conditions and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of certain assets and liabilities and related disclosures, and future revenues and expenses, that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. 
 Note A to the consolidated financial statements includes our accounting policies, estimates and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 We believe that the following critical accounting policies are affected by significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue as control of our products is transferred to our customers, which is generally at the time of shipment or upon delivery based on the contractual terms with our customers. We provide customer programs and incentive offerings, including special pricing and co-operative advertising arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives. These customer programs and incentives are considered variable consideration. We include in revenue variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the variable consideration is resolved. This determination is made based upon known customer program and incentive offerings at the time of sale, and expected sales volume forecasts as it relates to our volume-based incentives. This determination is updated each reporting period. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 We record the excess of purchase cost over the fair value of net tangible assets of acquired companies as goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets. In the fourth quarter of each year, or as events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount, we complete the impairment testing of goodwill utilizing a discounted cash flow method. We selected the discounted cash flow methodology because we believe that it is comparable to what would be used by market participants. We have defined our reporting units and completed the impairment testing of goodwill at the operating segment level. 
 Determining market values using a discounted cash flow method requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, including long-term projections of cash flows, market conditions and appropriate discount rates. Our judgments are based upon historical experience, current market trends, consultations with external valuation specialists and other information. While we believe that the estimates and assumptions underlying the valuation methodology are reasonable, different estimates and assumptions could result in different outcomes. In estimating future cash flows, we rely on internally generated five-year forecasts for sales and operating profits, and, currently, a two percent to three percent long-term assumed annual growth rate of cash flows for periods after the five-year forecast. We generally develop these forecasts based upon, among other things, recent sales data for existing products, planned timing of new product launches, estimated repair and remodel activity and, to a lesser extent, estimated housing starts. Our assumptions included U.S. and Eurozone Gross Domestic Product growing at approximately 1.3 percent and 1.5 percent, respectively, in 2023, and 2.0 percent and 1.5 percent, respectively, per annum over the remainder of the five-year forecast. 
 We utilize our weighted average cost of capital of approximately 8.75 percent as the basis to determine the discount rate to apply to the estimated future cash flows. In 2022, based upon our assessment of the risks impacting each of our businesses, we applied a risk premium to increase the discount rate to a range of 10.25 percent to 12.75 percent for our reporting units. 
 30 

If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that a reporting unit's recorded carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill in that reporting unit. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized a 19 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to a reporting unit within our Decorative Architectural Products segment due to competitive market conditions, higher inflationary costs and increased cost of capital in our lighting business. There is no remaining goodwill associated with the impaired reporting unit. A 10 percent decrease in the estimated fair value of our other reporting units would not have resulted in any additional goodwill impairment. 
 We review our other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, in the fourth quarter, or as events occur or circumstances change that indicate the assets may be impaired without regard to the business unit. Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of an other indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. We utilize a relief-from-royalty model to estimate the fair value of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. We consider the implications of both external (e.g., market growth, competition and local economic conditions) and internal (e.g., product sales and expected product growth) factors and their potential impact on cash flows related to the intangible asset in both the near- and long-term. We also consider the profitability of the business, among other factors, to determine the royalty rate for use in the impairment assessment. 
 We utilize our weighted average cost of capital of approximately 8.75 percent as the basis to determine the discount rate to apply to the estimated future cash flows. In 2022, based upon our assessment of the risks impacting each of our businesses and the nature of the other indefinite-lived intangible assets (i.e., trade name), we applied a risk premium to increase the discount rate to a range of 11.25 percent to 13.75 percent for our other indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 If the carrying amount of an other indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that an other indefinite-lived intangible asset's recorded carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of the other indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized a 7 million non-cash impairment charge related to a registered trademark within our Decorative Architectural Products segment due to competitive market conditions and increased cost of capital in our lighting business. As of December 31, 2022, the impaired other indefinite-lived intangible asset had a remaining net carrying value of 43 million. A 10 percent decrease in the estimated fair value of our other indefinite-lived intangibles assets would not have resulted in an impairment for any of our other indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 Refer to Note H for additional information. 
 Income Taxes 
 We record deferred taxes on the future tax consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying value of our assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. The realization of deferred tax assets depends on sufficient sources of taxable income in future periods. Possible sources of taxable income include taxable income in carryback periods, the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences recorded as a deferred tax liability, tax-planning strategies that generate future income or gains and projected future taxable income. 
 
 If, based upon all available evidence, both positive and negative, it is more likely than not such deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. Significant weight is given to evidence that is objectively verifiable such as cumulative losses in recent years, however, some evidence may be based on estimates and assumptions regarding potential sources of future taxable income. Changes in these estimates and assumptions may result in a change in judgment regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
 
 Refer to Note S for additional information. 
 Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note A to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 31 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 We have considered the provisions of accounting guidance regarding disclosure of accounting policies for derivative financial instruments and disclosure of quantitative and qualitative information about market risk inherent in derivative financial instruments and other financial instruments. 
 We are exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes between the U.S. dollar and the European euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese renminbi, and Mexican peso, and to market price fluctuations related to our financial investments. We have insignificant involvement with derivative financial instruments and use such instruments to the extent necessary to manage exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. 
 At December 31, 2022, we performed sensitivity analyses to assess the potential loss in the fair values of market risk sensitive instruments resulting from a hypothetical change of 10 percent in foreign currency exchange rates, a 10 percent decline in the market value of our long-term investments, or a 100 basis point change in interest rates. Based upon the analyses performed, such changes would not be expected to materially affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, we have determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 (PCAOB ID ), an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report, which is presented herein. Their report expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and expressed an unqualified opinion on our 2022 consolidated financial statements. This report is included herein under the heading "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." 
 33 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Masco Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Masco Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the 
 34 

company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessments 
 
 As described in Notes A and H to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 537 million as of December 31, 2022. Management performs an annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter of each year, or as events occur or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. In connection with its annual assessment, management recorded a 19 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge within their Decorative Architectural Products segment. Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Management estimates fair value by using a discounted cash flow model. The determination of fair value using the discounted cash flow model requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted sales and operating profits, and the discount rate. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurements of the reporting units; and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures to evaluate management s discounted cash flow model, including significant assumptions related to forecasted sales, as applicable. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessments, including controls over the valuation of the Company s reporting units. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates; evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model; testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of underlying data used in the model; and, evaluating the significant assumptions used by management related to forecasted sales, as applicable. Evaluating management s assumptions related to forecasted sales involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting units, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data as it relates to forecasted sales, and (iii) whether they were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1959. 
 35 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

MASCO CORPORATION and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In Millions, Except Share Data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash investments Receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Accounts payable Notes payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note U) Redeemable noncontrolling interest EQUITY Masco Corporation's shareholders' equity: Common shares, par value per share 
 Authorized shares: ; 
 Issued and outstanding: 2022 ; 2021 
 Preferred shares authorized: ; 
 Issued and outstanding: 2022 and 2021 
 Paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Masco Corporation's shareholders' deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interest Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

MASCO CORPORATION and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Millions, Except Per Common Share Data) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets Operating profit Other income (expense), net: Interest expense ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax expense Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Masco Corporation Income per common share attributable to Masco Corporation: Basic: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net Net income Diluted: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net Net income Amounts attributable to Masco Corporation: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net Net income 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

MASCO CORPORATION and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Masco Corporation Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax (Note P): Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Interest rate swaps Pension and other post-retirement benefits ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Less: Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to the noncontrolling interest: Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Pension and other post-retirement benefits ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Masco Corporation ) Total comprehensive income Less: Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 Total comprehensive income attributable to Masco Corporation 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

MASCO CORPORATION and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Millions) 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM (FOR) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Depreciation and amortization Fair value adjustment to contingent earnout obligation ) Display amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Employee withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation Loss (gain) on investments, net ) ) Loss (gain) on disposition of businesses, net ) Pension and other post-retirement benefits ) ) Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets Stock-based compensation Dividends paid-in-kind ) ) Increase in receivables ) ) ) Increase in inventories ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, net ) Debt extinguishment costs Other, net ) Net cash from operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM (FOR) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Retirement of notes ) ) Purchase of Company common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Issuance of notes, net of issuance costs Proceeds from term loan Payment of term loan ) Debt extinguishment costs ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Employee withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation ) ) ) Payment of debt ) ) ) Net cash for financing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM (FOR) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from disposition of: Businesses, net of cash disposed Property and equipment Financial investments Other, net ) ) ) Net cash (for) from investing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash investments ) ) CASH AND CASH INVESTMENTS: (Decrease) increase for the year ) ) At January 1 At December 31 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

MASCO CORPORATION and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Millions, Except Per Common Share Data) Total Common 
 Shares 
 par value) 
 Paid-In Capital Retained (Deficit) Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Noncontrolling Interest Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Shares issued Shares retired: Repurchased ) ) ) ) Surrendered (non-cash) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interest ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Total comprehensive income Shares issued Shares retired: Repurchased ) ) ) ) Surrendered (non-cash) ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest - redemption adjustment ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Shares issued Shares retired: Repurchased ) ) ) ) Surrendered (non-cash) ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest - redemption adjustment Stock-based compensation Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A. 

to days. 
 We provide customer programs and incentive offerings, including special pricing and co-operative advertising arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives. These customer programs and incentives are considered variable consideration. We include in revenue variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the variable consideration is resolved. This determination is made based upon known customer program and incentive offerings at the time of sale and expected sales volume for ecasts as it relates to our volume-based incentives. This determination is updated each reporting period. 
 Certain product sales include a right of return. We estimate future product returns at the time of sale based on historical experience and record a corresponding refund liability. We additionally record an asset, based on historical experience, for the amount of product we expect to return to inventory as a result of the return, which is recorded in prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 We consider shipping and handling activities performed by us as activities to fulfill the sales of our products. Amounts billed for shipping and handling are included in net sales, while costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in cost of sales. We capitalize incremental costs of obtaining a contract and expense the costs on a straight-line basis over the contractual period if the cost is recoverable, the cost would not have been incurred without the contract and the term of the contract is greater than one year; otherwise, we expense the amounts as incurred. We do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a financing component if the period between when we transfer our products or services and when our customers pay for our products or services is expected to be one year or less. 
 ; related amortization expense is classified as a selling expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

41 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our receivables balances are generally due in less than one year. 
 to percent, computer hardware and software, to percent, and machinery and equipment, to percent. Depreciation expense, including discontinued operations, was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 42 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

percent to percent long-term assumed annual growth rate of cash flows for periods after the forecast. For 2022, we utilized a weighted average cost of capital of approximately percent as the basis to determine the discount rate to apply to the estimated future cash flows. Based upon our assessment of the risks impacting each of our businesses, we applied a risk premium to increase the discount rate to a range of percent to percent for our reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill in that reporting unit. 
 We review our other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or as events occur or circumstances change that indicate the assets may be impaired without regard to the business unit. Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of an other indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. We utilize a relief-from-royalty model to estimate the fair value of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. We consider the implications of both external (e.g., market growth, competition and local economic conditions) and internal (e.g., product sales and expected product growth) factors and their potential impact on cash flows related to the intangible asset in both the near- and long-term. We also consider the profitability of the business, among other factors, to determine the royalty rate for use in the impairment assessment. We utilize our weighted average cost of capital of approximately percent as the basis to determine the discount rate to apply to the estimated future cash flows. In 2022, based upon our assessment of the risks impacting each of our businesses and the nature of the other indefinite-lived intangible asset (i.e., trade name), we applied a risk premium to increase the discount rate to a range of percent to percent for our other indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 While we believe that the estimates and assumptions underlying the valuation methodologies are reasonable, different estimates and assumptions could result in different outcomes. 
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. We review our intangible assets with finite useful lives as events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the assets below its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the assets is not recoverable from the undiscounted cash flows, then we would recognize an impairment loss for the difference between the carrying amount and the current fair value. We evaluate the remaining useful lives of amortizable intangible assets at each reporting period to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. 
 Refer to Note H for additional information regarding goodwill and other intangible assets. 

43 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

44 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 . 
 
 period and redefined retirement-eligibility as age 65 or age 55 with at least years of continuous service. As such, compensation expense for equity awards granted in 2020 and thereafter is recognized ratably over the shorter of the vesting period, typically , or the length of time until the grantee becomes retirement eligible. For prior year grants, expense was recognized ratably over the shorter of the vesting period of the long-term stock awards, stock options and phantom stock awards, typically , or the length of time until the grantee became retirement-eligible, generally at age 65. Expense for PRSUs is recognized ratably over the vesting period of the units. 
 Refer to Note M for additional information on stock-based compensation. 
 percent of Hansgrohe SE at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The aggregate noncontrolling interest, net of dividends, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 has been recorded as a component of equity on our consolidated balance sheets. 

45 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

46 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 B. 
 
 million in cash. Steamist is a manufacturer of residential steam bath products that are complementary to many of our plumbing products. This business is included in our Plumbing Products segment. In connection with this acquisition, we recognized million of definite-lived intangible assets, primarily related to customer relationships. The definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average amortization period of years. We also recognized million of goodwill, which is not tax deductible, and is related primarily to the expected synergies from combining the operations into our business. Working capital and other adjustments were finalized with the seller in the fourth quarter of 2021, resulting in no significant changes. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, our Hansgrohe SE subsidiary acquired a percent equity interest in Easy Sanitary Solutions B.V. ("ESS"), for approximately million million), including million of cash and million of debt that will be paid out over less any pending or settled indemnity matters. The cash payment was made to a third-party notary on December 29, 2020 for the acquisition of this equity interest in advance of the transaction closing on January 4, 2021. ESS is a manufacturer of shower channel drains that offers a wide range of products for barrier-free showering and bathroom wall niches. This business is included in our Plumbing Products segment. In connection with this acquisition, we recognized million of definite-lived intangible assets, primarily related to customer relationships. The definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average amortization period of years. We also recognized million of goodwill, which is not tax deductible, and is related primarily to the expected synergies from combining the operations into our business. Working capital and other adjustments were finalized with the seller in the fourth quarter of 2021, resulting in no significant changes. 
 The remaining percent equity interest in ESS is subject to a call and put option that is exercisable by Hansgrohe SE or the sellers, respectively, any time after December 31, 2023. The redemption value of the call and put option is the same and based on a floating EBITDA value. The call and put options were determined to be embedded within the redeemable noncontrolling interest and were recorded as temporary equity in the consolidated balance sheets. We elected to adjust the redeemable noncontrolling interest to its full redemption amount directly into retained deficit. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we acquired substantially all of the net assets of Kraus USA Inc. ("Kraus"), a designer and distributor of sinks, faucets and accessories for the kitchen and bathroom, for approximately million and an additional cash payment of up to million to be paid in 2023, contingent upon the achievement of certain financial performance metrics for the year ending December 31, 2022. As of the closing date of the acquisition, the contingent consideration was assigned a fair value of approximately million. Refer to Note I for additional information regarding the measurement of the contingent consideration liability. This business expands our product offerings to our customers and our online presence under the Kraus brand. This business is included in our Plumbing Products segment. In connection with this acquisition, we recognized million of indefinite-lived intangible assets, which is related to trademarks, and million of definite-lived intangible assets, primarily related to customer relationships. The definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average amortization period of years. We also recognized million of goodwill, which is generally tax deductible, and is related primarily to the expected synergies from combining the operations into our business. During the first quarter of 2021, we revised the allocation of the purchase price to certain identifiable assets and liabilities based on analysis of information as of the acquisition date, which resulted in a million decrease to goodwill. The working capital adjustments were finalized with the seller in the second quarter of 2021, resulting in no significant changes. 

47 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million, including million of cash and million of debt that was paid out in months less any pending or settled indemnity matters. Work Tools expands our product offering to our customers as it is a leading manufacturer of high-quality precision painting tools and accessories including brushes, rollers and mini rollers for DIY and professionals. This business is included in our Decorative Architectural Products segment. In connection with this acquisition, we recognized million of indefinite-lived intangible assets, which is related to trademarks, and million of definite-lived intangible assets, primarily related to customer relationships. The definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average amortization period of years. We also recognized million of goodwill, which is generally tax deductible, and is related primarily to the expected synergies from combining the operations into our business. The working capital adjustments were finalized with the seller in the first quarter of 2021, resulting in no significant changes. 
 In the first quarter of 2020, we acquired all of the share capital of SmarTap A.Y Ltd. ("SmarTap") for approximately million in cash. SmarTap is a developer of a smart bathing system that monitors and controls the temperature and flow of water. This acquisition provides an adaptable solution for a wide range of products as it is compatible with showerheads, hand showers, spouts and shower jets. This business is included in our Plumbing Products segment. In connection with this acquisition, we recognized million of definite-lived intangible assets, primarily related to technology, which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average amortization period of years. We also recognized million of goodwill, which is not tax deductible, and is related primarily to the expected synergies from combining the operations into our business. 

C. 
 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in other, net in our consolidated statement of operations. This loss resulted primarily from the recognition of million of currency translation losses that were previously included within accumulated other comprehensive income. During the first quarter of 2022, we recorded a million pre-tax post-closing gain related to the finalization of working capital items in other, net in our consolidated statement of operations. The sale of H ppe did not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results and therefore was not presented as discontinued operations. Prior to the divestiture, the results of the business were included in our Plumbing Products segment. 
 On November 6, 2019, we completed the divestiture of our Milgard Windows and Doors business ("Milgard"), a manufacturer and distributor of windows and doors for proceeds of approximately million, net of cash disposed. During the second quarter of 2020, a million pre-tax post-closing adjustment related to the finalization of working capital items was recorded to income from discontinued operations, net in the consolidated statement of operations, as a gain on the divestiture of Milgard. As of December 31, 2020, we received million in cash, which was presented in investing activities on the consolidated statement of cash flow as proceeds from disposition of businesses, net of cash disposed. All post-closing adjustments related to our divestiture of Milgard were finalized with the buyer in the second quarter of 2020. 
 On November 14, 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell Masco Cabinetry LLC ("Cabinetry"), a manufacturer of cabinetry products. We completed the divestiture of Cabinetry on February 18, 2020 for proceeds of approximately million, including million, net of cash disposed. The remaining million was accounted for as preferred stock issued by ACProducts Holding, Inc., a holding company of the buyer; refer to Note R for additional information. The working capital adjustment was finalized with the buyer in the second quarter of 2020, resulting in no significant changes to net proceeds. In connection with the sale, we recognized a gain on the divestiture of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was included in income from discontinued operations, net in the consolidated statement of operations. We determined that the previously reported Cabinetry Products segment met the criteria to be classified as a discontinued operation as Cabinetry represented all of our cabinet businesses and all remaining businesses in the Cabinetry Products segment. 
 48 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The results of Cabinetry recorded in income from discontinued operations before income tax was a loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Loss from discontinued operations ) Gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net Income before income tax Income tax expense ) Income from discontinued operations, net 

D. 
 
 International, principally Europe Total 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Plumbing Products Decorative Architectural Products Total Primary geographic markets: 
 North America International, principally Europe Total 

49 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 International, principally Europe Total 
 We recognized increases t o revenue o f million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for variable consideration related to performance obligations settled in previous periods. 
 We record contract assets for items for which we have satisfied our performance obligation but our receipt of payment is contingent upon delivery or other circumstances other than the passage of time. Our contract assets are recorded in prepaid expenses and other in our consolidated balance sheets. Our contract assets generally become unconditional and are reclassified to receivables in the quarter subsequent to each balance sheet date. Our contract asset balance was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We record contract liabilities primarily for deferred revenue. Our contract liabilities are recorded in accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Our contract liabilities are generally recognized to net sales in the immediately subsequent reporting period. Our contract liability balance was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Provision for expected credit losses during the period Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) Recoveries of amounts previously written off Other (A) 
 ) Balance at end of year ______________________________ 
 (A) As a result of H ppe being divested in May 2021, million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was removed from allowance for credit losses. 

50 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 E. 
 
 Raw materials Work in process Total 

F. 
 
 years, some of which may include one or more renewal options with terms to extend the lease for up to an additional years, and some of which may include options to terminate the leases prior to their expiration. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities 
 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: Operating leases (A) 
 Finance leases 
 ______________________________ 
 million of ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations related to the acquisitions of ESS and Steamist in 2021. Includes million of ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations related to the acquisitions of Kraus and Work Tools in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

51 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 years years years Finance leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Notes payable Accrued liabilities Long-term debt 
 Gross ROU assets under finance leases recorded within property and equipment, net was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and accumulated amortization associated with these leases was million and million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total 

52 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 G. 
 
 Buildings Computer hardware and software Machinery and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 

H. 
 
 ) Decorative Architectural Products ) Total ) 
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, by segment, were as follows, in millions: 
 Gross Goodwill At December 31, 2021 Accumulated Impairment Losses Net Goodwill At December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Pre-tax Impairment Charge Other (B) Net Goodwill At December 31, 2022 Plumbing Products (A) 
 ) ) Decorative Architectural Products 
 ) ) Total ) ) ) 

Gross Goodwill At December 31, 2020 Accumulated Impairment Losses Net Goodwill At December 31, 2020 Acquisitions Pre-tax Impairment Charge Other (B) Net Goodwill At December 31, 2021 Plumbing Products ) ) Decorative Architectural Products 
 ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 ______________________________ 
 (A) As a result of H ppe being divested in May 2021, both gross goodwill and accumulated impairment losses for the Plumbing Products segment were reduced by million. 
 (B) Other consists of the effect of foreign currency translation. 
 53 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and principally included registered trademarks. 
 We completed our annual impairment testing of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarters of 2022, 2021 and 2020. We recognized a million and million non-cash impairment charge within our Decorative Architectural Products segment to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, respectively, in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to competitive market conditions, higher inflationary costs and increased cost of capital in our lighting business. We recognized a million non-cash goodwill impairment charge within our Decorative Architectural Products segment in the fourth quarter of 2021, due to competitive market conditions and higher inflationary costs in our lighting business. There was impairment of goodwill for any of our reporting units or of our other indefinite-lived intangible assets in any of these years, other than as disclosed above. 
 The carrying value of our definite-lived intangible assets wa s million (net of accumulated amortization o f million) at December 31, 2022 and million (net of accumulated amortization of million) at December 31, 2021 and principally included customer relationships with a weighted average amortization period of years in both 2022 and 2021. Amortization expense, including discontinued operations, related to the definite-lived intangible assets wa s million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, amortization expense related to the definite-lived intangible assets during each of the next five years will be as follows: 2023 million; 2024 million; 2025 million, 2026 million and 2027 million. 

I. 
 
 million related to the Kraus acquisition was contingent upon the achievement of certain financial performance metrics for the year ended December 31, 2022. The measurement of the liability for contingent consideration was based on significant inputs that were not observable in the market, and were therefore classified as Level 3 inputs. Examples of utilized unobservable inputs were estimated future revenues and earnings of the acquired business and an applicable discount rate. The estimate of the liability fluctuated for changes in the forecast of the acquired business' future revenues and earnings, as a result of actual levels achieved, or in the discount rate used to determine the present value of contingent future cash flows. All subsequent remeasurements from the initial estimate at the time of acquisition were recorded in other, net in the consolidated statements of operations, as described in Note R. The financial performance metrics were not met and the fair value of the liability was as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the liability was estimated to be million as of December 31, 2021, using probability weighted discounted cash flows and a discount rate that reflected the uncertainty surrounding the expected outcomes, which we believe was appropriate and representative of a market participant assumption. 
 Fair Value of Debt. The fair value of our short-term and long-term fixed-rate debt instruments is based principally upon modeled market prices for the same or similar issues, which are Level 1 inputs. The 364-day term loan has an interest rate that resets monthly and the fair value of this instrument approximates the carrying value at December 31, 2022. The aggregate estimated market value of our short-term and long-term debt at December 31, 2022 was approximately billion, compared with the aggregate carrying value of billion. The aggregate estimated market value of our short-term and long-term debt at December 31, 2021 was approximately billion, compared with the aggregate carrying value of billion. 

54 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 J. 
 
 Equity method investments Other investments Other Total 

K. 
 
 Salaries, wages and commissions Deferred revenue Income taxes payable Employee retirement plans Operating lease liabilities (Note F) Warranty (Note U) Interest Product returns Insurance reserves Property, payroll and other taxes Other Total 

55 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

L. 

, due November 15, 2027 
 , due February 15, 2028 
 , due August 1, 2029 
 , due October 1, 2030 
 , due February 15, 2031 
 , due August 15, 2032 
 , due May 15, 2047 
 , due February 15, 2051 
 364-day term loan, due April 26, 2023 Other Prepaid debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Current portion Total long-term debt 
 All of the notes and debentures above are senior indebtedness and, other than the Notes due 2029, are redeemable at our option. 
 At December 31, 2022, the debt maturities during each of the next five years were as follows: 2023 million; 2024 million; 2025 million; 2026 million and 2027 million. 
 On April 26, 2022, we entered into a revolving credit agreement (the 2022 Credit Agreement with an aggregate commitment of billion and a maturity date of April 26, 2027. Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, at our request and subject to certain conditions, we can increase the aggregate commitment up to an additional million with the current lenders or new lenders. Upon entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement, our credit agreement dated March 13, 2019, as amended, with an aggregate commitment of billion, was terminated. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility available to us and one of our foreign subsidiaries in U.S. dollars, European euros, British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars and certain other currencies for revolving credit loans, swingline loans and letters of credit. Borrowings under the revolving credit loans denominated in any agreed upon currency other than U.S. dollars are limited to the equivalent of million. We can also borrow swingline loans up to million and obtain letters of credit of up to million. Outstanding letters of credit under the 2022 Credit Agreement reduce our borrowing capacity and we had outstanding letters of credit at December 31, 2022. 

56 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

, plus an applicable margin based upon our then-applicable corporate credit ratings; or (B) a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the U.S. prime rate, (ii) the Federal Reserve Bank of New York effective rate plus and (iii) the adjusted term SOFR rate for a one month interest period, plus ; plus an applicable margin based upon our then-applicable corporate credit ratings. Foreign currency revolving credit loans denominated in Canadian dollars bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate and (ii) the CDOR rate for a one month interest period, plus ; plus an applicable margin based upon our then-applicable corporate credit ratings. Foreign currency revolving credit loans denominated in British pounds sterling bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple SONIA, plus an applicable margin based upon our then-applicable corporate credit ratings. Foreign currency revolving credit loans denominated in European euros bear interest at the adjusted EURIBOR rate, plus an applicable margin based upon our then-applicable corporate credit ratings. The various benchmarks are subject to applicable floors. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain (A) a net leverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not exceeding to 1.0, and (B) an interest coverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not less than to 1.0. 
 In order for us to borrow under the 2022 Credit Agreement, there must not be any default in our covenants in the 2022 Credit Agreement (i.e., in addition to the two financial covenants described above, principally limitations on subsidiary debt, negative pledge restrictions, and requirements relating to legal compliance, maintenance of our properties and insurance) and our representations and warranties in the 2022 Credit Agreement must be true in all material respects on the date of borrowing (i.e., principally no material adverse change or litigation likely to result in a material adverse change, since December 31, 2021, no material ERISA or environmental non-compliance, and no material tax deficiency). We were in compliance with all covenants and borrowings were outstanding at December 31, 2022. As of the date of this report, million was borrowed and outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of . 
 On April 26, 2022, we entered into a 364-day million senior unsecured delayed draw term loan due April 26, 2023 with a syndicate of lenders. The senior unsecured term loan and commitments thereunder are subject to prepayment or termination at our option and the loans will bear interest at SOFR plus a spread adjustment and . The covenants, including the financial covenants, are substantially the same as those in the 2022 Credit Agreement. We repaid million during 2022. 
 On March 4, 2021, we issued million of Notes due February 15, 2028, million of Notes due February 15, 2031 and million of Notes due February 15, 2051. We received proceeds of million, net of discount, for the issuance of these Notes. The Notes are senior indebtedness and are redeemable at our option at the applicable redemption price. On March 22, 2021, proceeds from the debt issuances, together with cash on hand, were used to repay and early retire our million Notes due March 15, 2022, million Notes due April 1, 2025, and million Notes due April 1, 2026. In connection with these early retirements, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 On September 18, 2020, we issued million of Notes due October 1, 2030 (the "2030 Notes") and received proceeds of million, net of discount, for the issuance of the 2030 Notes. Also on September 18, 2020, we issued an incremental million of our existing Notes due May 15, 2047 (the "2047 Notes") and received proceeds of million, including a premium, for the issuance of the 2047 Notes. The incremental million formed a single series with the existing million of Notes due May 15, 2047. The 2030 Notes and 2047 Notes are senior indebtedness and are redeemable at our option at the applicable redemption price. On September 29, 2020, proceeds from the debt issuances were used to repay and early retire our million Notes due April 1, 2021. In connection with this early retirement, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of million, which was recorded as interest expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 57 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

million , million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts exclude million and million of debt extinguishment costs related to the early retirement of debt, which were recorded as interest expense and paid in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

M. 
 
 Performance restricted stock units Stock options Long-term stock awards Phantom stock awards Total 
 At December 31, 2022, million shares of our common stock were available under the 2014 Plan for the granting of restricted stock units, performance restricted stock units, stock options and long-term stock awards. 
 Restricted Stock Units. Restricted stock units are granted to our key employees and non-employee Directors. These grants did not cause net share dilution due to our practice of repurchasing and retiring an equal number of shares in the open market. 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested restricted stock units at December 31 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 there was million, million, and million, respectively, of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units; such units had a weighted average remaining vesting period of at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 The total market value (at the vesting date) of restricted stock units which vested was million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 58 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 and upward to a maximum of percent of the target number. 
 During 2022, we granted approximately performance restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of approximately per share, approximately performance restricted stock units were issued. No performance restricted stock units were forfeited. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately shares vested but unissued. During 2021, we granted approximately performance restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of approximately per share, approximately performance restricted stock units were issued and no performance restricted stock units were forfeited. At December 31, 2021, there were approximately shares vested but unissued. During 2020, we granted approximately performance restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of approximately per share, approximately performance restricted stock units were issued and approximately performance restricted stock units were forfeited. At December 31, 2020, there were approximately shares vested but unissued. 
 Stock Options. Stock options are granted to certain key employees. The exercise price equals the market price of our common stock at the grant date and the stock options expire no later than years after the grant date. 
 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding stock options at December 31 Vested and expected to vest stock options at December 31 Exercisable (vested) stock options at December 31 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated using our stock price at each respective date, less the exercise price (grant date price) multiplied by the number of shares. The aggregate intrinsic value for options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value for options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value for options exercisable (vested) at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The weighted-average remaining term for options outstanding was years at December 31, 2022 and years at both December 31, 2021 and 2020. The weighted-average remaining term for options vested and expected to vest was years at December 31, 2022 and years at both December 31, 2021 and 2020. The weighted-average remaining term for options exercisable (vested) was years at December 31, 2022 and years at both December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 59 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million, million and million, respectively, of unrecognized compensation expense (using the Black-Scholes option pricing model at the grant date) related to unvested stock options; such options had a weighted average remaining vesting period of at December 31, 2022 and at both December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Volatility factor Expected option life years years years 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Long-Term Stock Awards. Prior to the amendment of our 2014 Plan in December 2019, we granted long-term stock awards to our key employees and non-employee Directors. 
 Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested stock award shares at December 31 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there was million, million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock awards; such awards had a weighted average remaining vesting period of at December 31, 2022 and at both December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 60 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Phantom Stock Awards. Certain non-U.S. employees are granted phantom stock awards. 
 We recognized expense of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to phantom stock awards. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted approximately , , and shares, respectively, of phantom stock awards with an aggregate fair value of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and paid cash of million in 2022 and million in both 2021 and 2020, to settle phantom stock awards. 
 Unrecognized compensation cost Equivalent common shares 

N. 
 
 Defined-benefit pension plans 
 
 As of January 1, 2010, substantially all our domestic and foreign qualified and domestic non-qualified defined-benefit pension plans were frozen to future benefit accruals. In December 2019, our Board of Directors approved a resolution to terminate our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans. In the second quarter of 2021, we settled these plans and made a final contribution of million. The settlement loss included million of pre-tax actuarial losses that were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized a million reduction in pension expense related to the reversion of excess pension plan assets for the settlement of such plans. 

61 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain), net ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Divestitures ) Settlements ) Projected benefit obligation at December 31 Changes in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Foreign currency exchange ) ) Company contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Settlements ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status at December 31 ) ) ) ) 
 Accrued liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) ) Total net liability ) ) ) ) 

62 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Net prior service cost Total 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 The projected benefit obligation was in excess of plan assets for all of our qualified defined-benefit pension plans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 which had an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. 
 Net periodic pension cost for our defined-benefit pension plans, with the exception of service cost, is recorded in other net, in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlement loss Recognized net loss Recognized prior service cost Net periodic pension cost 
 We expect to recognize million of pre-tax net loss from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic pension cost in 2023 related to our defined-benefit pension plans. For plans in which almost all of the plan's participants are inactive, pre-tax net loss within accumulated other comprehensive income is amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining life expectancy of the inactive plan participants. For plans which do not have almost all inactive participants, pre-tax net loss within accumulated other comprehensive income is amortized using the straight-line method over the average remaining service period of the active employees expected to receive benefits from the plan. 

63 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Debt securities Other Total 
 For our qualified defined-benefit pension plans, we have adopted accounting guidance that defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and prescribes disclosures about fair value measurements. Accounting guidance defines fair value as "the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date." 
 Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Common and Preferred Stocks and Short-Term and Other Investments: Valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. Other investments include liability-driven investments in interest rate swap funds that are priced daily based on the use of observable inputs. 
 Corporate, Government and Other Debt Securities: Valued based on using pricing models maximizing the use of observable inputs for similar securities. This includes basing value on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. 
 Real Estate: Real Estate consists of Real Estate Investment Trusts and property funds. Real Estate Investment Trusts are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. Real Estate property funds are valued based on the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. There is no active trading market for these investments, and they are generally illiquid. Due to the significant unobservable inputs, the fair value measurements used to estimate fair value are a Level 3 input. 
 The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while we believe our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 

64 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 International Corporate Debt Securities: United States International Government and Other Debt Securities: United States International Real Estate: United States International Short-Term and Other Investments International 
 Total Plan Assets 
 
 At December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Plan Assets Common and Preferred Stocks: United States International Corporate Debt Securities: United States International Government and Other Debt Securities: United States International Real Estate: United States International Short-Term and Other Investments International 
 Total Plan Assets 

65 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Purchases Fair Value, December 31 
 Assumptions. 
 Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Discount rate for net periodic pension cost 
 The discount rate for obligations for 2022, 2021 and 2020 is based primarily upon the expected duration of each defined-benefit pension plan's liabilities matched to the December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Willis Towers Watson Rate Link Curve. At December 31, 2022, such rates for our defined-benefit pension plans ranged from percent to percent, with the most significant portion of the liabilities having a discount rate for obligations of percent or higher. At December 31, 2021, such rates for our defined-benefit pension plans ranged from percent to percent, with the most significant portion of the liabilities having a discount rate for obligations of percent or higher. At December 31, 2020, such rates for our defined benefit pension plans ranged from percent to percent, with the most significant portion of the liabilities having a discount rate for obligations of percent or higher. The increase in the weighted average discount rate from 2021 to 2022 and the increase in the weighted average discount rate from 2020 to 2021 is principally the result of higher long-term interest rates in the bond markets. 
 Our weighted average projected long-term rate of return on plan assets for the foreign qualified defined-benefit pension plans was percent, percent and percent for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The asset allocation of the investment portfolio was developed with the objective of achieving our expected rate of return and reducing volatility of asset returns, and considered the freezing of future benefits. The fixed-income portfolio is invested in corporate bonds, bond index funds and U.S. Treasury securities. Although we would expect alternative investments to yield a higher rate of return than the targeted overall long-term return, these investments are subject to greater volatility and would be less liquid than financial instruments that trade on public markets. 
 The fair value of our plan assets is subject to risk including significant concentrations of risk in our plan assets related to equity, interest rate and operating risk. In order to ensure plan assets are sufficient to pay benefits, a portion of our foreign qualified plans' assets are allocated to equity investments and real assets that are expected, over time, to earn higher returns with more volatility than fixed-income investments which more closely match pension liabilities. Within equity, risk is mitigated by targeting a portfolio that is broadly diversified by geography, market capitalization, manager mandate size, investment style and process. 
 In order to minimize asset volatility relative to the liabilities, a significant portion of plan assets are allocated to fixed-income investments that are exposed to interest rate risk. Rate increases generally will result in a decline in fixed-income assets, while reducing the present value of the liabilities. Conversely, rate decreases will increase fixed income assets, partially offsetting the related increase in the liabilities. 
 
 66 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cash Flows. At December 31, 2022, we expect to contribute approximately million in 2023 to our non-qualified (domestic) defined-benefit pension plans. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 

O. 
 
 million shares of our common stock (including million shares to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted in 2022), for cash aggregating million. Effective October 20, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase, for retirement, of up to billion of shares of our common stock in open-market transactions or otherwise, replacing the previous Board of Directors authorization established in 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had billion remaining under the 2022 authorization. 
 During 2021, we repurchased and retired million shares of our common stock (including million shares to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted in 2021), for cash aggregating million. 
 During 2020, we repurchased and retired million shares of our common stock (including million shares to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted in 2020) for cash aggregating million. 
 On the basis of amounts paid (declared), cash dividends per common share were in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 

67 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Unrecognized net loss and prior service cost, net ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unrecognized net loss and prior service cost, net, is reported net of income tax benefit of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

P. 
 
 Other, net Settlement loss Other, net Tax (benefit) ) ) ) Net of tax Interest rate swaps (B) : 
 Interest expense Tax expense (benefit) ) Net of tax 
 (A) In the second quarter of 2021, we settled our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans and recognized million of pre-tax actuarial losses from accumulated other comprehensive income and million of income tax benefit, which included million of related disproportionate tax expense. Additionally, the amortization of defined-benefit pension and post-retirement benefits included million, net of tax, due to the disposition of pension plans in connection with the divestiture of H ppe. 
 
 (B) Upon full repayment and retirement of the Notes due March 15, 2022, in the first quarter of 2021, we recognized the remaining interest rate swap loss and related disproportionate tax expense. 
 
 million of currency translation losses from accumulated other comprehensive income to the consolidated statement of operations in conjunction with the divestiture of H ppe in the second quarter of 2021. Also, we reclassified million of deferred currency translation losses from accumulated other comprehensive income to the consolidated statement of operations in conjunction with the liquidation of certain UK dormant entities upon receiving final regulatory approval in 2020. 

68 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Q. 

69 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Decorative Architectural Products Total Our operations by Geographic Area were: North America International, principally Europe Total, as above General corporate expense, net (5) 
 ) ) ) Operating profit, as reported Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Corporate assets Total assets 
 Year Ended December 31, Property Additions (7) Depreciation and Amortization 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Our operations by segment were: 
 Plumbing Products Decorative Architectural Products Unallocated amounts, principally related to corporate assets 
 Discontinued operations 
 Total 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Included in net sales were export sales from the U.S. of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Excluded from net sales were intra-company sales between segments of less than percent in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (3) Included in net sales were sales to one customer of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such net sales were included in each of our segments. 
 (4) Net sales from our operations in the U.S. were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (5) General corporate expense, net included those expenses not specifically attributable to our segments. 
 (6) Long-lived assets of our operations in the U.S. and Europe were million and million, million and million, and million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

70 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 R. 
 
 ) Net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit expense (B) 
 ) ) ) Equity investment (loss) income, net ) Foreign currency transaction losses (C) 
 ) ) ) Income from cash and cash investments Loss on sale of business, net ) ) Gain on preferred stock redemption (D) 
 Dividend income Other items, net (E) 
 ) ) Total other, net ) ) 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (A) We recognized million of income in 2022 and million of expense in 2021 from the revaluation of contingent consideration related to a prior acquisition. Refer to Note I for additional information. 
 (B) In the second quarter of 2021, we settled our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans and recognized million of additional pension expense. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized a million reduction in pension expense related to the reversion of excess pension plan assets for the settlement of such plans. Refer to Note N for additional information. 
 (C) Included in foreign currency transaction losses for 2020 was a million deferred currency translation loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income in conjunction with the liquidation of certain UK dormant entities upon receiving final regulatory approval in 2020. 
 (D) In May 2021, we received, in cash, million for the redemption of the ACProducts Holding, Inc. preferred stock, including all accrued but unpaid dividends, and recognized a gain of million. Refer to Note C for additional information. 
 (E) Included in other items, net for 2020 was million of miscellaneous income related to an escrow settlement. 

71 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 S. 
 Foreign Income tax expense: Currently payable: U.S. Federal State and local Foreign Deferred: U.S. Federal ) ) ) State and local ) Foreign ) ) ) Deferred tax assets at December 31: Receivables Inventories Other assets, including stock-based compensation Accrued liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Capitalized research expenditures Net operating loss carryforward Tax credit carryforward Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities at December 31: Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangibles Investment in foreign subsidiaries Other investments Other Net deferred tax asset at December 31 
 The net deferred tax asset consisted of net deferred tax assets (included in other assets) of million and million, and net deferred tax liabilities (included in other liabilities) of million and million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 72 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million on certain state and foreign deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due primarily to cumulative loss positions in those jurisdictions. We recorded a million income tax benefit in 2020 due to changes in judgment regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 Our capital allocation strategy includes reinvesting in our business, balancing share repurchases with potential acquisitions and maintaining a relevant dividend. In order to provide greater flexibility in the execution of our capital allocation strategy, we may repatriate earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries. Our deferred tax balance on investment in foreign subsidiaries reflects the impact of all taxable temporary differences, including those related to substantially all undistributed foreign earnings, except those that are legally restricted, and consists primarily of foreign withholding taxes. 
 Of the million and million deferred tax assets related to the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, million and million, respectively, will expire within approximately years and million, for both years, have no expiration. 
 State and local taxes, net of U.S. Federal tax benefit Higher taxes on foreign earnings Stock-based compensation ) ) Business divestiture with no tax impact Disproportionate tax effects Other, net ) Effective tax rate 
 We incurred a million state income tax expense in 2021 resulting from the loss on the termination of our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans providing no tax benefit in certain state jurisdictions. 
 The loss from the divestiture of H ppe provided no tax benefit in certain foreign jurisdictions resulting in a million foreign income tax expense in 2021. 
 We recorded a million income tax expense due to the elimination of disproportionate tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income relating to our interest rate swap following the retirement of the related debt and the termination of our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans in 2021. 
 Income taxes paid were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

73 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Current year tax positions: Additions Reductions ) ) Prior year tax positions: Additions Reductions ) ) Lapse of applicable statutes of limitation ) ) Balance at December 31 Liability for interest and penalties Balance at December 31, including interest and penalties 
 If recognized, million and million of the liability for uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, net of any U.S. Federal tax benefit, would impact our effective tax rate. 
 Interest and penalties recognized in income tax expense were insignificant in years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Of the million and million total liability for uncertain tax positions (including related interest and penalties) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, million and million are recorded in other liabilities, respectively, and million and million are recorded as a net offset to other assets, respectively. 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction, and various local, state and foreign jurisdictions. We continue to participate in the Compliance Assurance Process ("CAP"). CAP is a real-time audit of the U.S. Federal income tax return that allows the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), working in conjunction with us, to determine tax return compliance with the U.S. Federal tax law prior to filing the return. This program provides us with greater certainty about our tax liability for a given year within months, rather than years, of filing our annual tax return and greatly reduces the need for recording a liability for U.S. Federal uncertain tax positions. The IRS has completed their examination of our consolidated U.S. Federal tax returns through 2021. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to state or foreign income tax examinations on filed returns for years before 2018. 
 As a result of tax audit closings, settlements and the expiration of applicable statutes of limitation in various jurisdictions within the next 12 months, we anticipate that it is reasonably possible the liability for uncertain tax positions could be reduced by approximately million. 

74 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 T. 
 
 Less: Allocation to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Less: Allocation to unvested restricted stock awards Income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders 
 Income from discontinued operations, net Less: Allocation to unvested restricted stock awards Income from discontinued operations, net attributable to common shareholders 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders Denominator: Basic common shares (based upon weighted average) Add: Stock option dilution Diluted common shares 
 We follow accounting guidance regarding determining whether instruments granted in share-based payment transactions are participating securities. This accounting guidance clarifies that share-based payment awards that entitle their holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends prior to vesting should be considered participating securities. The dividends associated with the unvested restricted stock units are forfeitable, and consequently, the restricted stock units are not considered a participating security and are not accounted for under the two-class method. We have also granted restricted stock awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends on unvested shares; such unvested restricted stock awards are considered participating securities. As participating securities, the unvested shares are required to be included in the calculation of our basic income per common share, using the two-class method. The two-class method of computing income per common share is an allocation method that calculates income per share for each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we allocated dividends and undistributed earnings to the participating securities. 
 Number of restricted stock units Number of performance restricted stock units 

75 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONCLUDED) 

 T. 
 
 and common shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively); shares outstanding for legal requirements included all common shares that have voting rights (including unvested stock awards). 
 
 U. 

Accruals for warranties issued during the year Accruals related to pre-existing warranties ) ) Settlements made (in cash or kind) during the year ) ) Other, net (including currency translation and acquisitions) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 Other Matters. We enter into contracts, which include reasonable and customary indemnifications that are standard for the industries in which we operate. Such indemnifications include claims made against builders by homeowners for issues relating to our products and workmanship. In conjunction with divestitures and other transactions, we occasionally provide reasonable and customary indemnifications. We have not paid a material amount related to these indemnifications, and we evaluate the probability that amounts may be incurred and record an estimated liability when it is probable and reasonably estimable. 
 
 76 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 a. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 The Company's Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded, based on an evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 b. Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Management's report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is included in this Report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, under the heading, "Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting" and is incorporated herein by reference. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm is also included under Item 8, under the heading, "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 c. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 In connection with the evaluation of the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, which is required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by paragraph (d) of Exchange Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 (as defined in paragraph (f) of Rule 13a-15), management determined that there was no change that materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 77 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Our Code of Ethics applies to all employees, officers and directors including our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, and is posted on our website at www.masco.com. Amendments to or waivers of our Code of Ethics for directors and executive officers, if any, will be posted on our website. 
 Other information required by this Item will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed before May 1, 2023, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Information required by this Item will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed before May 1, 2023, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 We grant equity under our 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (the "2014 Plan"). The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 concerning the 2014 Plan, which was approved by our stockholders. We do not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our stockholders. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in the First Column) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 2,988,171 39.25 11,702,436 
 The remaining information required by this Item will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed before May 1, 2023, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Information required by this Item will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed before May 1, 2023, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Information required by this Item will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed before May 1, 2023, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 78 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 a. Listing of Documents. 
 (1) Financial Statements. Our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 hereof, as required at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, consist of the following: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule. 
 a. Our Financial Statement Schedule appended hereto, as required for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, consists of the following: 
 II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 85 
 
 (3) Exhibits. 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 Incorporated By Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 2.a 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 29, 2019, by and between Masco Corporation and MIWD Holding Company LLC. 8-K 2.1 10/03/2019 2.b 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 14, 2019, by and between Masco Corporation and ACP Products, Inc. 8-K 2.1 11/18/2019 Note 1: Disclosure schedules and certain exhibits have been omitted from Exhibit No. 2.a and 2.b pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Each Agreement as filed identifies such schedules and exhibits, including the general nature of their contents. Masco agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted attachment to the Securities Exchange Commission on a confidential basis upon request. 3.a 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Masco Corporation. 2015 10-K 3.i 02/12/2016 3.b 
 Bylaws of Masco Corporation, as Amended and Restated on February 5, 2021. 2020 10-K 3.b 02/09/2021 4.a 
 Indenture dated as of December 1, 1982 between Masco Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee under agreement originally with Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, and Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of July 26, 1994; and Directors' resolutions establishing Masco Corporation's: 2016 10-K 4.a 02/09/2017 4.a.i 
 7-3/4 Debentures Due August 1, 2029. 2014 10-K 4.a.i(ii) 02/13/2015 
 
 79 

Exhibit No. Incorporated By Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.b 
 Indenture dated as of February 12, 2001 between Masco Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee under agreement originally with Bank One Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, and Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of November 30, 2006; and Directors' Resolutions establishing Masco Corporation's: 2016 10-K 4.b 02/09/2017 4.b.i 
 6-1/2 Notes Due August 15, 2032; 2017 10-K 4.b.i 02/08/2018 4.b.ii 
 3.500 Notes Due November 15, 2027; and 8-K 4.1 06/15/2017 4.b.iii 
 4.500 Notes Due May 15, 2047. 8-K 4.2 06/15/2017 4.b.iv 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2020, between Masco Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee. 8-K 4.3 09/18/2020 4.b.v 
 4.500 Notes Due May 15, 2047 8-K 4.2 09/18/2020 4.b.v i 
 2.000 Notes Due October 1, 2030 8-K 4.1 09/18/2020 4.b.vii 
 1.500 Notes Due February 15, 2028 8-K 4.1 03/04/2021 4.b.viii 
 2.000 Notes Due February 15, 2031 8-K 4.2 03/04/2021 4.b.ix 
 3.125 Notes Due February 15, 2051 8-K 4.3 03/04/2021 Note 2: Other instruments, notes or extracts from agreements defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of Masco Corporation or its subsidiaries have not been filed since (i) in each case the total amount of long-term debt permitted thereunder does not exceed 10 percent of Masco Corporation's consolidated assets, and (ii) such instruments, notes and extracts will be furnished by Masco Corporation to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 4.c 
 Description of securities. 2019 10-K 4.c 02/11/2020 10.a 
 Credit Agreement dated as of April 26, 2022 by and among Masco Corporation and Masco Europe S. r.l. as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Truist Bank, Bank of America, N.A., Fifth Third Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents. 10-Q 10a 04/27/2022 10.b 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of April 26, 2022 by and among Masco Corporation as borrower, the lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and PNC Capital Markets LLC as Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger. 10-Q 10b 04/27/2022 Note 3: Exhibits 10.c through 10.j constitute the management contracts and executive compensatory plans or arrangements in which certain of the directors and executive officers of the Company participate. 10.c 
 Masco Corporation 2005 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated May 11, 2010): 2015 10-K 10.b.i 02/12/2016 10.c.j 
 Form of stock option grant for grants on or after January 1, 2013 2017 10-K 10.b.iii 02/08/2018 

80 

Exhibit No. Incorporated By Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.d 
 Masco Corporation 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated May 9, 2016): 10-Q 10.a 07/26/2016 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreements: 10. d .i 
 for awards prior to July 1, 2018 8-K 10.b 05/06/2014 10. d .ii 
 for awards on or after July 1, 2018 2018 10-K 10.c.ii 02/07/2019 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements: 10. d .iii 
 for awards between December 17, 2019 and February 2, 2022 2019 10-K 10.c.iii 02/11/2020 10. d .iv 
 for awards on or after February 3, 2022 2021 10-K 10.c.iv 02/08/2022 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreements: 10. d .v 
 for grants prior to July 1, 2018 8-K 10.d 05/06/2014 10. d .vi 
 for grants between July 1, 2018 and December 17, 2019 2018 10-K 10.c.iv 02/07/2019 10. d .vii 
 for grants between December 17, 2019 and February 3, 2022 2019 10-K 10.c.vi 02/11/2020 10. d .viii 
 for grants on or after February 3, 2022 2021 10-K 10.c.viii 02/08/2022 10. d .xi 
 Form of Long Term Incentive Program Award Agreement for awards prior to December 17, 2019. 2018 10-K 10.c.v 02/07/2019 10. d .x 
 Long-Term Incentive Program under Masco Corporation's 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (December 17, 2019) and form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement thereunder. 10-Q 10.a 04/29/2020 10. d .xi 
 Long-Term Incentive Program under Masco Corporation's 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated February 3, 2022) and form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement thereunder. 2021 10-K 10.c.xi 02/08/2022 10.d.xii 
 Non-Employee Directors Equity Program under Masco Corporation's 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated May 9, 2016). 10-Q 10.b 07/26/2016 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors: 10. d .xiii 
 for Non-Employee Directors for awards prior to July 1, 2018 8-K 10.c 05/06/2014 10. d .xiv 
 for Non-Employee Directors for awards after July 1, 2018 2018 10-K 10.c.viii 02/07/2019 10. d .xv 
 Non-Employee Directors Equity Program under Masco Corporation's 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated February 7, 2020). 2019 10-K 10.c.xiii 02/11/2020 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors: 10. d .xvi 
 for awards between February 7, 2020 and February 3, 2022 2019 10-K 10.c.xiv 02/11/2020 10. d .xvii 
 for awards on or after February 4, 2022 2021 10-K 10.c.xvii 02/08/2022 10. e 
 Form of Masco Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement and Disability Plan and amendments thereto (includes amendment freezing benefit accruals) for John G. Sznewajs. 2015 10-K 10.d.i(ii) 02/12/2016 
 81 

Exhibit No. Incorporated By Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.f 
 Other compensatory arrangements for executive officers. 2016 10-K 10.f 02/09/2017 10.g 
 Compensation of Non-Employee Directors. 2021 10-K 10.f 02/08/2022 10. h 
 Masco Corporation Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan effective January 1, 1995 (as amended and restated December 22, 2010), and amendments thereto effective February 6, 2012 and January 1, 2014. 2016 10-K 10.i 02/09/2017 10. i 
 Employment Offer Letter dated May 3, 2021 between Richard Marshall and Masco Corporation 10-Q 10 07/29/2021 10. j 
 Employment Offer Letter dated January 6, 2022 between Robin Zondervan and Masco Corporation 8-K 10 02/07/2022 21 
 List of Subsidiaries. X 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm relating to Masco Corporation's Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule. X 31.a 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). X 31.b 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). X 32 
 Certifications required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. X 101 The following financial information from Masco Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 
 The Company will furnish to its stockholders a copy of any of the above exhibits not included herein upon the written request of such stockholder and the payment to the Company of the reasonable expenses incurred by the Company in furnishing such copy or copies. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 The optional summary in Item 16 has not been included in this Form 10-K. 
 82 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MASCO CORPORATION By: /s/ John G. Sznewajs John G. Sznewajs 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 83 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Principal Executive Officer: /s/ Keith J. Allman President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Keith J. Allman Principal Financial Officer: /s/ John G. Sznewajs Vice President, Chief Financial Officer John G. Sznewajs Principal Accounting Officer: /s/ Robin L. Zondervan Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Robin L. Zondervan /s/ Lisa A. Payne Chair of the Board Lisa A. Payne /s/ Mark R. Alexander Director Mark R. Alexander /s/ Aine L. Denari Director Aine L. Denari /s/ Marie A. Ffolkes Director Marie A. Ffolkes /s/ Christopher A. O'Herlihy Director Christopher A. O'Herlihy /s/ Donald R. Parfet Director Donald R. Parfet /s/ John C. Plant Director John C. Plant /s/ Charles K. Stevens, III Director Charles K. Stevens, III /s/ Reginald M. Turner, Jr. Director Reginald M. Turner, Jr. February 9, 2023 
 84 

MASCO CORPORATION 
 
 ) (a) 2021 ) (a) (b) 2020 ) (a) Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets: 2022 ) (d) 2021 ) (b) 2020 (c) ) (d) 
 ______________________________ 
 (a) Deductions, representing uncollectible accounts written off, less recoveries of accounts written off in prior years. 
 (b) As a result of the H ppe divestiture in May 2021, million was removed from allowance for credit losses and million was removed from valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 
 (c) million net increase in valuation allowance due to currency translation recorded in other comprehensive income. 
 (d) Net reduction to valuation allowance recorded as an income tax benefit. 

85 

<EX-21>
 2
 exhibit212022.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 MASCO CORPORATION 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 
 Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Directly owned subsidiaries are located at the left margin each subsidiary tier thereunder is indented. Subsidiaries are listed under the names of their respective parent entities. Unless otherwise noted, the subsidiaries are wholly-owned. Certain of these entities may also use trade names or other assumed names in the conduct of their business. 
 NAME 
 JURISDICTION OF FORMATION 
 Airex 3, LLC Michigan Behr Process Corporation 1 California BEHR PAINTS IT!, INC. 
 California Behr Process Canada Ltd. 
 Canada Masterchem Industries LLC 
 Missouri ColorAxis, Inc. 
 California Masco Support Services Company 
 Delaware Behr Sales LLC 
 California Delta Faucet Support Services LLC Delaware Liberty Hardware Retail & Design Services LLC 
 Delaware Watkins Support Services LLC Delaware Behr Process Paints (India) Private Limited India BrassCraft Manufacturing Company 2 Michigan Brasstech, Inc. 3 California Delta Faucet (China) Co. Ltd. China Delta Faucet Company Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Kichler Lighting LLC Delaware L.D. Kichler Lighting Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 China Kraus USA Plumbing LLC Delaware Landex of Wisconsin, Inc. Wisconsin Liberty Hardware Mfg. Corp. Florida Liberty Hardware Asia Co. Ltd. 
 China Masco Building Products Corp. Delaware Masco Capital Corporation Delaware Masco Chile Limitada 4 Chile Masco Corporation of Indiana Indiana Delta Faucet Company 5 
 Indiana Delta Faucet Company of Tennessee 
 Delaware Masco Europe, LLC 
 Delaware Masco Europe SCS 
 Luxembourg Masco Europe S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg Behr (Beijing) Paint Company Limited 
 China 
 
 1 Also conducts business under the assumed names Behr Paint Company, Behr Pro and Work Tools Applicators Co. 
 2 Also conducts business under the assumed name Cobra Products, Inc. 
 3 Also conducts business under the assumed names Ginger, Motiv, Newport Brass and Newport Metal Finishing, Inc. 
 4 Masco Corporation s ownership is 99.99 . 
 5 Also conducts business under the assumed names Brizo Kitchen & Bath, Masco Bathing Company, Peerless Faucet Company and Product Research Company. 
 1 
 371224.2 

Exhibit 21 

 NAME 
 JURISDICTION OF FORMATION 
 Behr Paint (Beijing) Commercial Co., Ltd. 
 China Masco Canada Limited 6 
 Canada Masco Corporation Limited 
 United Kingdom Bristan Group Limited 
 United Kingdom Watkins Distribution UK Limited 
 United Kingdom Masco Germany Holding GmbH 
 Germany Masco Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 
 Germany Hansgrohe SE 7 
 Germany Easy Sanitary Solutions B.V. 
 Netherlands ESS Assemblage GmbH 
 Germany ESS GmbH 
 Germany Hansgrohe Deutschland Vertriebs GmbH 
 Germany Hansgrohe International GmbH 
 Germany Hansgrohe S.A. 
 Argentina Hansgrohe Pty Ltd 
 Australia Hansgrohe Handelsges.mbH 
 Austria Hansgrohe N.V. 
 Belgium Hansgrohe Brasil Metais Santit rios Ltda. 
 Brazil Hansgrohe Sanitary Products (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 China Shanghai Hansgrohe International Trading Co., Ltd. 
 China Hansgrohe d.o.o. 
 Croatia Hansgrohe CS, s.r.o. 
 Czech Republic Hansgrohe A S 
 Denmark Hansgrohe Sanitary Products LLC 
 Egypt Hansgrohe Wasselonne, S.A. 
 France Hansgrohe S. r.l. 
 France Hansgrohe, Inc. 
 Georgia Hansgrohe Kft. 
 Hungary Hansgrohe India Private Ltd. 
 India Hansgrohe s.r.l. 
 Italy Hansgrohe Japan K.K 
 Japan Hansgrohe S. de R. L. de C. V. 
 Mexico Hansgrohe B.V. 
 Netherlands Hansgrohe Sp. Z.o.o. 
 Poland Hansgrohe SA (Pty) Ltd. 
 Republic of South Africa Hansgrohe DOO BEOGRAD 
 Serbia Hansgrohe Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore Hansgrohe S.A.U. 
 Spain Hansgrohe A.B. 
 Sweden Hansgrohe AG 
 Switzerland Hansgrohe Armatur Sanayi ve Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Hansgrohe Ltd. 
 United Kingdom Tempered Products Inc. 
 Taiwan Watkins Europe BVBA 
 Belgium 
 
 6 Also conducts business under the assumed name Delta Faucet Canada. 
 7 Masco Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH owns 68.35 . 
 2 
 371224.2 

Exhibit 21 

 NAME 
 JURISDICTION OF FORMATION 
 Masco Home Products S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg Masco Home Products Private Limited 
 India 
 Masco Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore 
 Delta Faucet Company India Private Limited 
 India SmarTap A.Y. Ltd. 
 Israel Steamist, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania Masco Framing Corp. Delaware Masco Ventures LLC Delaware Mascomex S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mercury Plastics LLC Delaware My Service Center, Inc. 8 Delaware NCFII Holdings Inc. Delaware Vapor Technologies, Inc. Delaware Vapor Technologies Shenzhen Co. Ltd. 
 China Watkins Manufacturing Corporation 9 California Hot Spring Spa Australasia Pty Ltd 10 
 Australia Hot Spring Spas New Zealand Limited 11 
 New Zealand Tapicerias Pacifico, SA de CV 
 Mexico Wellness Marketing Corporation 12 Delaware 
 
 8 Also conducts business under the assumed name Masco Service Center. 
 9 Also conducts business under the assumed names Caldera Spas, Custom Fiber Engineering, Inc., Hot Spring Spas and Watkins Wellness. 
 10 Masco Corporation effective ownership is 51.00 of which Watkins Manufacturing Corporation owns 50.00 . 
 11 Masco Corporation effective ownership is 51.00 of which Watkins Manufacturing Corporation owns 50.00 . 
 12 Also conducts business under the assumed name Endless Pools. 
 3 
 371224.2 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 exhibit23123122.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No.333-262588) and Form S-8 (Nos. 33-42229, 333-64573, 333-74815, 333-37338, 333-110102, 333-126888, 333-162766, 333-168827, 333-168829, 333-195713, 333-211493 and 333-236370) of Masco Corporation of our report dated February 9, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 February 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.A>
 4
 masco-ex31ax123122.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 

Exhibit 31.a 
 
 MASCO CORPORATION 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Keith J. Allman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Masco Corporation the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 9, 2023 By s Keith J. Allman Keith J. Allman President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 5
 masco-ex31bx123122.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 

Exhibit 31.b 
 
 MASCO CORPORATION 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, John G. Sznewajs, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Masco Corporation the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 9, 2023 By s John G. Sznewajs John G. Sznewajs Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 6
 masco-ex32x123122.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 MASCO CORPORATION 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the 
 United States Code 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Masco Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Keith J. Allman, the President and Chief Executive Officer, and John G. Sznewajs, the Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, of Masco Corporation, each certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Masco Corporation. 
 
 Date February 9, 2023 s Keith J. Allman Name Keith J. Allman Title President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 9, 2023 s John G. Sznewajs Name John G. Sznewajs Title Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mas-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mas-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mas-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mas-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mas-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

