<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1163668_0001140361-23-011435.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20372878</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>406007</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2428610</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8229953</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4363735</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4035700</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-011435.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313163937
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-011435
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001163668
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38895
		FILM NUMBER:		23727832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5219 CITY BANK PARKWAY
		CITY:			LUBBOCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79407-3544
		BUSINESS PHONE:		806-792-7101

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5219 CITY BANK PARKWAY
		CITY:			LUBBOCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79407-3544

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-011435.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 brhc10049609_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ______________ to_______________

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

The Stock Market, LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the e ectiveness of its internal
 control over nancial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If the
 securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate

by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recover period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of
 the shares of common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC on June 30, 2022, was million.

The number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 8, 2023 was .

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, scheduled to be held on May 16, 2023,
 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page No.

PART I

Item 1.

Business 

5

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

23

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

38 

Item 2.

Properties 

38 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

39 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

39 

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

39 

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

41 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

41 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

62 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

63 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

101 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

101 

Item 9B.

Other Information 

102 

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

102 

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

103 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

103 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

103 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

103 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

103 

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

104 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

106 

SIGNATURES 

107 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 Report contains statements that we believe are forward-looking statements within the meaning of
 Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to,
 among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, might, should, could, predict, potential, believe, expect, 
 continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, strive, projection, goal, target, outlook, aim, would, annualized and outlook, or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases
 of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by
 management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions,
 estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the
 results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.

There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not
 limited to, the following:

our ability to effectively execute our expansion strategy and manage our growth, including identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions;

business and economic conditions, particularly those affecting our market areas, as well as the concentration of our business in such market areas, and the uncertain inflationary outlook in the United States and
 our market areas;

the impact, duration and severity of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and any current or future variants thereof, and the response of governmental authorities to the COVID-19 pandemic;

high concentrations of loans secured by real estate located in our market areas;

risks associated with our commercial loan portfolio, including the risk for deterioration in value of the general business assets that secure such loans;

potential changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of commercial and residential real estate securing our real estate loans;

risks associated with our agricultural loan portfolio, including the heightened sensitivity to weather conditions, commodity prices, and other factors generally outside the borrowers and our control;

risks associated with the sale of crop insurance products, including termination of or substantial changes to the federal crop insurance program;

risks related to the significant amount of credit that we have extended to a limited number of borrowers and in a limited geographic area;

public funds deposits comprising a relatively high percentage of our deposits;

potential impairment on the goodwill we have recorded or may record in connection with business acquisitions;

our ability to maintain our reputation;

our ability to successfully manage our credit risk and the sufficiency of our allowance for loan losses;

our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified management personnel;

our dependence on our management team, including our ability to retain executive officers and key employees and their customer and community relationships;

interest rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on our profitability;

3 

Table of Contents 

competition from banks, credit unions and other financial services providers;

our ability to keep pace with technological change or difficulties we may experience when implementing new technologies;

system failures, service denials, cyber-attacks and security breaches;

our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;

employee error, fraudulent activity by employees or customers and inaccurate or incomplete information about our customers and counterparties;

increased capital requirements imposed by banking regulators, which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not available on favorable terms or at all;

our ability to maintain adequate liquidity and to raise necessary capital to fund our acquisition strategy and operations or to meet increased minimum regulatory capital levels;

costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters to which we may be subject, including any effect on our reputation;

natural disasters, severe weather, acts of god, acts of war or terrorism, outbreaks of hostilities, public health outbreaks (such as coronavirus), other international or domestic calamities, and other matters
 beyond our control;

changes in tariffs and trade barriers;

compliance with governmental and regulatory requirements, including the Dodd-Frank Act Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act ), Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer
 Protection Act of 2018 EGRRCPA ), and others relating to banking, consumer protection, securities and tax matters;

changes in the laws, rules, regulations, interpretations or policies that apply to the Company s business and operations, and any additional regulations, or repeals that may be forthcoming as a result thereof,
 which could cause the Company to incur additional costs and adversely affect the Company s business environment, operations and financial results; and

our ability to navigate the uncertain impacts of current and future governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including the current and future policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
 Federal Reserve and as a result of initiatives of the Biden administration.

The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this Report and the Risk Factors set
 forth under Part I, Item IA of this Report. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievements, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by the forward-looking
 statements in this Report. In addition, our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. Accordingly, you should not rely on any forward-looking statements, which represent our beliefs, assumptions and
 estimates only as of the dates on which such forward-looking statements were made. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or review any forward-looking
 statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

4 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business

General

South Plains Financial, Inc. (the Company or SPFI is a bank holding company headquartered in Lubbock, Texas, and City Bank, SPFI s wholly-owned banking subsidiary, is one
 of the largest independent banks in West Texas City Bank or the Bank ). The Company is hereafter collectively referred to as we, us or our. 

We have additional banking operations in the Dallas, El Paso, Greater Houston, the Permian Basin, and College Station, Texas markets, and the Ruidoso, New Mexico market.
 Through City Bank, we provide a wide range of commercial and consumer financial services to small and medium-sized businesses and individuals in our market areas. Our principal business activities include commercial and retail banking, along with
 insurance, investment, trust and mortgage services.

We had total assets of 3.94 billion, gross loans held for investment of 2.75 billion, total deposits of 3.41 billion, and total shareholders equity of 357.0 million as of
 December 31, 2022.

Our history dates back over 80 years. We trace our beginnings to the founding of First State Bank of Morton, a community bank headquartered in West Texas that held
 approximately 1 million of total assets in 1941. In 1962, the bank was sold to new management, including J.K. Griffith, the father of our current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Curtis C. Griffith. Since Mr. Griffith was elected Chairman
 of First State Bank of Morton in 1984, the Bank has transformed from a small-town institution with approximately 30 million in total assets and a single branch location into one of the largest community banks in West Texas. The parent company to
 First State Bank of Morton acquired South Plains National Bank of Levelland, Texas in 1991 and changed its name to South Plains Bank. The Company became the holding company to First State Bank of Morton and South Plains Bank in 1993, the same
 year we acquired City Bank. City Bank was originally established in Lubbock in 1984. We merged First State Bank of Morton and South Plains Bank into City Bank in 1998 and 1999, respectively. We had more than 175 million in assets upon the
 closing of these acquisitions. We acquired West Texas State Bank, Odessa, Texas, approximately 430 million in assets, in 2019 through the merger of West Texas State Bank with and into the Bank.

We currently operate 25 full-service banking locations across seven geographic markets resulting from six acquisitions, de novo branch establishments, and the formation of a de
 novo bank in Ruidoso, New Mexico, which we later merged into the Bank. We also operate 11 loan production offices both in our banking markets and in certain key areas in Texas that focus on mortgage loan origination. We build long-lasting
 relationships with our customers by delivering high quality products and services and have sought to capitalize on the opportunities presented by continued consolidation in the banking industry. We believe a major contributor to our historical
 success has been our focus on becoming the community bank of choice in the markets that we serve.

We operate in two reportable segments of business: community banking, which includes City Bank, our sole banking subsidiary, and insurance, which includes Windmark Insurance
 Agency, Inc. Windmark ).

Market Area

We operate in the following markets (deposit information is as of December 31, 2022):

Lubbock/South Plains - We operate 10 branches holding 2.1 billion of deposits in the Lubbock metropolitan statistical area
 MSA and the surrounding South Plains region of Texas.

Dallas - We operate three branches with 474.1 million of deposits and five loan production offices, which we refer to as mortgage
 offices, in the Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington MSA, which we refer to as the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex.

El Paso - We operate two bank branches with 199.7 million of deposits and one mortgage office in the El Paso MSA.

Houston - We operate one branch with 37.9 million of deposits in the Houston-The Woodlands-Sugarland MSA, which we refer to as
 Greater Houston. This branch is located in the city of Houston.

Bryan/College Station - We operate one branch and one mortgage office in the city of College Station, Texas, which has 66.4
 million in deposits. We refer to the Bryan-College Station MSA as Bryan/College Station.

The Permian Basin - We operate six branches with 358.7 million of deposits in the Permian Basin region of Texas.

Ruidoso, New Mexico - We operate two branches with 180.8 million of deposits in the village of Ruidoso, New Mexico.

5 

Table of Contents 

We believe our exposure to these dynamic and complementary markets provides us with economic diversification and the opportunity for expansion across Texas and New Mexico.

Competition

The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a wide range of financial institutions within our markets, including local, regional and
 national commercial banks and credit unions. We also compete with mortgage companies, trust companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, mutual funds, securities firms, insurance companies, third-party payment processors, financial
 technology companies and other financial intermediaries for certain of our products and services. Some of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and level of regulatory supervision applicable to us.

Interest rates on loans and deposits, as well as prices on fee-based services, are typically significant competitive factors within the banking and financial services industry.
 Many of our competitors are much larger financial institutions that have greater financial resources than we do and compete aggressively for market share. These competitors attempt to gain market share through their financial product mix, pricing
 strategies and banking center locations. Other important competitive factors in our industry and markets include office locations and hours, quality of customer service, community reputation, continuity of personnel and services, capacity and
 willingness to extend credit, and ability to offer excellent banking products and services. While we seek to remain competitive with respect to fees charged, interest rates and pricing, we believe that our broad suite of financial solutions, our
 high-quality customer service culture, our positive reputation and our long-standing community relationships will enable us to compete successfully within our markets and enhance our ability to attract and retain customers.

Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 673 total employees, which included 600 full-time employees and 73 part-time employees. None of our employees are covered under a
 collective bargaining agreement and management considers its employee relations to be satisfactory.

We believe that the success of a business is largely due to the quality of its employees and the development of each employee s full potential. We encourage and support the
 development of our employees and, whenever possible, strive to fill vacancies from within. Employee retention helps us operate efficiently and achieve our business objectives. We believe our ability to attract and retain employees is a key to our
 success. Accordingly, we strive to offer competitive salaries and employee benefits to all employees and monitor salaries in our market areas. In addition to competitive base salaries and benefits, additional employee programs include annual
 bonus opportunities, Company matched 401(k) Plan contributions, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, long-term care and long-term disability benefits, life insurance benefits, a robust wellness
 program, and paid-time off.

Lending Activities

General . We adhere to what we believe are disciplined underwriting standards, but also remain cognizant of serving the
 credit needs of customers in our primary market areas by offering flexible loan solutions in a responsive and timely manner. We maintain asset quality through an emphasis on local market knowledge, long-term customer relationships, consistent and
 thorough underwriting and a conservative credit culture. We also seek to maintain a broadly diversified loan portfolio across customer, product and industry types. These components, together with active credit management, are the foundation of
 our credit culture, which we believe is critical to enhancing the long-term value of our organization to our customers, employees, shareholders and communities.

We have a service-driven, relationship-based, business-focused credit culture, rather than a price-driven, transaction-based culture. Substantially all of our loans are made to
 borrowers located or operating in our primary market areas with whom we have ongoing relationships across various product lines. The few loans secured by properties outside of our primary market areas were made to borrowers who are otherwise
 well-known to us.

Credit Concentrations . In connection with the management of our credit portfolio, we actively manage the composition of
 our loan portfolio, including credit concentrations. Our loan approval policies establish concentrations limits with respect to industry and loan product type to enhance portfolio diversification. Commercial real estate concentrations are
 monitored by the Board of Directors Board of the Bank, at least quarterly and the limits are reviewed bi-monthly as part of our credit analytics Board Credit Risk Committee program. The Board Credit Risk Committee is comprised of outside
 directors and two Bank officers, including the Chairman of the Board and the Bank s Chief Executive Officer.

Loan Approval Process . We seek to achieve an appropriate balance between prudent, disciplined underwriting and
 flexibility in our decision-making and responsiveness to our customers. Our Board requires news loans over 5 million to relationships in excess of 20 million to be reported to the Board Credit Risk Committee. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank
 had a legal lending limit of approximately 103.6 million. As of that date, our 20 largest borrowing relationships ranged from approximately 22.2 million to 50.9 million (including unfunded commitments) and totaled approximately 622.0 million
 in total commitments (representing, in the aggregate, 18.1 of our total outstanding commitments).

6 

Table of Contents 

Our credit approval policies provide for various levels of officer and senior management lending authority for new credits and renewals, which are based on position, capability
 and experience. Loans in excess of an individual officer s lending limit up to 3 million may be approved with joint authorities of a market president and a senior credit officer. Loan relationships over 3 million are approved by our Executive
 Loan Committee. These limits are reviewed periodically by the Bank s Board. We believe that our credit approval process provides for thorough underwriting and efficient decision-making.

Credit Risk Management . Credit risk management involves a partnership between our loan officers and our credit
 approval, credit administration and collections personnel. Loan delinquencies and exceptions are constantly monitored by credit personnel and consultations with loan officers occur as often as daily. Our performance evaluation program for our
 loan officers includes significant credit quality metric goals, such as the percentages of past due loans and charge-offs to total loans in the officer s portfolio, that we believe motivate the loan officers to focus on the origination and
 maintenance of high quality credits consistent with our strategic focus on asset quality.

Our policies require rapid notification of delinquency and prompt initiation of collection actions. Loan officers, credit administration personnel, and senior management
 proactively support collection activities.

In accordance with our credit risk management procedures, we perform annual asset reviews of our larger relationships. As part of these asset review procedures, we analyze
 recent financial statements of the property, borrower and any guarantor, the borrower s revenues and expenses, and any deterioration in the relationship or in the borrower s and any guarantor s financial condition. Upon completion, we update the
 grade assigned to each loan. Our credit policy requires that loan officers promptly update risk ratings for all loans as warranted by changing circumstances of the borrower or the credit and to notify credit administration personnel of any risks
 developing in a portfolio or in an individual borrowing relationship. We maintain a list of loans that receive additional attention if we believe there may be a potential credit risk.

Loans that are adversely classified undergo a detailed quarterly review by loan review personnel. This review includes an evaluation of the market conditions, the property s
 trends, the borrower and guarantor status, the level of reserves required and loan accrual status. These reports are reviewed by a group of lending and credit personnel to evaluate collection effectiveness for each loan reported. Additionally, we
 periodically have an independent, third-party review performed on our loan grades and our credit administration functions. Our external loan review firm schedules two to three visits per year and, in combination with our internal loan review
 function, attempts to achieve a combined review of at least 60 of the total dollar amount of the loan portfolio. Finally, we perform, at least annually, a stress test of our loan portfolio, in which we evaluate the impact of declining economic
 conditions on the portfolio based on previous recessionary periods. Credit personnel review these reports and present them to the Board Credit Risk Committee. These asset review procedures provide management with additional information for
 assessing our asset quality and lending strategies.

Investments

We manage our securities portfolio primarily for liquidity purposes, including depositor and borrower funding requirements and availability as collateral for public fund
 deposits, with a secondary focus on interest income. Our securities portfolio is classified as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity and can be used for pledging on public deposits, selling under repurchase agreements and meeting
 unforeseen liquidity needs. The investments in our securities portfolio are a variety of high-grade securities, including government agency securities, government guaranteed mortgage backed securities and municipal securities.

Our investment policy is reviewed annually by the Bank s Board. Overall investment goals are established by the Bank s Board and the Bank s Investment/Asset Liability
 Committee. The Bank s Board has delegated the responsibility of monitoring our investment activities to the Investment/Asset Liability Committee.

Sources of Funds

Deposits

Deposits represent the Company s primary and most vital source of funds. We offer a variety of deposit products including demand deposits accounts, interest-bearing products,
 savings accounts and certificate of deposits. We put continued effort into gathering noninterest-bearing demand deposit accounts through loan production, customer referrals, marketing staffs, mobile and online banking and various involvements
 with community networks.

7 

Table of Contents 

Borrowings

In addition to deposits, we may utilize advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas (the FHLB ), and other borrowings, such as a line of credit with the Federal
 Reserve Bank of Dallas (the FRB ), uncollateralized lines of credit with multiple banks, subordinated debt, and junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures as supplementary funding sources to finance our operations.

Other Banking Services

Mortgage Banking

Our mortgage originations totaled 719.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and sold approximately 89 of those mortgages. We originate mortgages primarily from our
 branches or loan production offices in Lubbock, El Paso, College Station, Abilene, Arlington, Austin, Dallas, Dripping Springs, Forney, Fort Worth, Grand Prairie, Houston, Midland, Southlake, and Waco, Texas. We refer to our loan production
 offices as mortgage offices. While our mortgage operation represents a sizable component of our total noninterest income, comprising 41 , or 31.4 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we view the mortgage business as an ancillary part
 of our operations. Within our mortgage origination portfolio, refinances of existing mortgages represented 31 of total mortgage originations in the year ended December 31, 2022. We retain mortgage servicing rights from time to time when we sell
 mortgages to third parties. As of December 31, 2022, we serviced 2.0 billion of mortgages that we originated and sold to third parties.

We leverage a variety of digital reporting tools to increase the efficiency of the underwriting process, enhance loan production and boost overall margins while keeping
 expenses to a minimum. New market expansion will depend primarily on opportunities to hire and retain high quality loan origination staff. Additionally, existing markets are monitored for profitability and efficiencies to determine if we would
 need to exit any locations.

Insurance

Windmark Insurance, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, offers a variety of crop insurance products through offices in Texas, Oklahoma, Nebraska, and Colorado and by acting
 as the general agency for independent agents in 17 states. Windmark Insurance s operations contributed 10.6 million of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. That revenue was derived from a total insurance premium base of over 211
 million. Crop insurance is offered to producers of many different crops from 14 approved providers who operate under agreements with the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ). We conduct business with five of these approved providers. The USDA
 shares underwriting losses with those providers and also reimburses them for certain administrative and operational expenses. Our revenue is based on a share of those reimbursements and profit sharing when underwriting losses are minimized by
 those providers. This program has been in place under prior federal farm bills and has been reauthorized until December 31, 2023 under the recently enacted Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, more commonly referred to as the 2018 Farm Bill.

Trust Services

City Bank Trust, a division of City Bank, provides a range of traditional trust products and services along with several retirement services and products, including estate
 administration, family trust administration, revocable and irrevocable trusts (including life insurance trusts), real estate administration, charitable trusts for individuals and corporations, 401(k) plans, self-directed individual retirement
 accounts IRAs ), simplified employee pensions plans, employee stock ownership plans ESOPs ), defined benefit plans, profit-sharing plans, Keoghs and managed IRAs. Our trust department had 411 million of assets under management at December
 31, 2022, and contributed 2.4 million of fee income for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Investment Services

The Investment Center at City Bank provides a variety of investments offered through Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (Member FINRA/SIPC) including self-directed IRAs,
 money market funds, 401(k) plans, mutual funds, annuities and tax-deferred annuities, stocks and bonds, investments for non-U.S. residents, treasury bills, treasury notes and bonds and tax-exempt municipal bonds. Gross revenue derived from our
 investment services for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.8 million with 509.3 million in assets under management at December 31, 2022.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

The following is a general summary of the material aspects of certain statutes and regulations that are applicable to us. These summary descriptions are not
 complete, and you should refer to the full text of the statutes, regulations, and corresponding guidance for more information. These statutes and regulations are subject to change, and additional statutes, regulations, and corresponding guidance
 may be adopted. We are unable to predict these future changes or the effects, if any, that these changes could have on our business or our revenues.

8 

Table of Contents 

General

We are extensively regulated under U.S. federal and state law. As a result, our growth and earnings performance may be affected not only by management decisions and general
 economic conditions, but also by federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the Texas Department of Banking TDB ), the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
 FDIC ), and the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau CFPB ). Furthermore, tax laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB ), securities laws administered by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and state securities authorities and anti-money laundering, or AML, laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury also impact our
 business. The effect of these statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and rules are significant to our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the nature and extent of future legislative, regulatory or other changes affecting
 financial institutions are impossible to predict with any certainty.

Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of banks, their holding companies and their
 affiliates. These laws are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, customers and the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF ), rather than for shareholders. Federal and state laws, and the related regulations of the bank regulatory agencies,
 affect, among other things, the scope of business, the kinds and amounts of investments banks may make, reserve requirements, capital levels relative to operations, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the
 ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with insiders and affiliates and the payment of dividends.

This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination
 reports and ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk,
 management s ability and performance, earnings, liquidity and various other factors. These regulatory agencies have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine,
 among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies.

The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and the Bank. It does not describe all of the
 statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision.

Regulatory Capital Requirements

The federal banking agencies require that banking organizations meet several risk-based capital adequacy requirements. These risk-based capital adequacy requirements are
 intended to provide a measure of capital adequacy that reflects the perceived degree of risk associated with a banking organization s operations, both for transactions reported on the banking organization s balance sheet as assets and for
 transactions that are recorded as off-balance sheet items, such as letters of credit and recourse arrangements. The risk-based guidelines apply on a consolidated basis to bank holding companies with consolidated assets of 3 billion or more, such
 as the Company, or with a material amount of equity securities outstanding that are registered with the SEC. The federal banking agencies may change existing capital guidelines or adopt new capital guidelines in the future and often expect high
 growth or acquisitive bank holding companies to maintain capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels. In addition, the federal banking agencies have required many banks and bank holding companies subject to enforcement
 actions to maintain capital ratios in excess of the minimum ratios otherwise required to be deemed well-capitalized and have subjected such institutions to restrictions on various activities, including a bank s ability to accept or renew
 brokered deposits.

In 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued final rules, or the Basel III Capital Rules, establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for banking organizations.
 The Basel III Capital Rules implement the Basel Committee s December 2010 framework for strengthening international capital standards and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Basel III Capital Rules became effective on January 1, 2015.

The Basel III Capital Rules require the Bank and the Company, to comply with four minimum capital standards: a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.0 ; a common equity Tier 1,
 or CET1, to risk-weighted assets ratio of 4.5 ; a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6.0 ; and a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8.0 . CET1 capital is generally comprised of common shareholders 
 equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally comprised of CET1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in
 equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (CET1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is generally comprised of capital instruments and related surplus meeting
 specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance
 limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, or AOCI, up to 45 of net unrealized gains on
 available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into CET1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on
 available-for-sale-securities). The calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. 

9 

Table of Contents 

The Basel III Capital Rules also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital requirements. An institution is subject to
 limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers, if its capital level is below the buffered ratio.

The Basel III minimum capital ratios are summarized in the table below.

Basel III

 Minimum

 for Capital

 Adequacy

 Purposes

Basel III

 Additional

 Capital

 Conservation

 Buffer

Basel III

 Ratio with

 Capital

 Conservation

 Buffer

Total risk based capital (total capital to risk-weighted assets)

8.00

2.50

10.50

Tier 1 risk based capital (Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets)

6.00

2.50

8.50

Common equity Tier 1 risk based capital (CET1 to risk-weighted assets)

4.50

2.50

7.00

Tier 1 leverage ratio (Tier 1 to average assets)

4.00

4.00

In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, a banking organization s assets, including certain off-balance sheet
 assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests), are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on perceived risks inherent in the type of asset. As a result, higher levels of capital
 are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien 1-4 family
 residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending
 on certain specified factors. The Basel III Capital Rules increased the risk weights for a variety of asset classes, including certain commercial real estate mortgages. Additional aspects of the Basel III Capital Rules risk-weighting
 requirements that are relevant to the Company and the Bank include:

assigning exposures secured by single-family residential properties to either a 50 risk weight for first-lien mortgages that meet prudent underwriting standards or a 100 risk weight category for all other
 mortgages;

providing for a 20 credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable (increased from 0 under the previous
 risk-based capital rules);

assigning a 150 risk weight to all exposures that are nonaccrual or 90 days or more past due (increased from 100 under the previous risk-based capital rules), except for those secured by single-family
 residential properties, which will be assigned a 100 risk weight, consistent with the previous risk-based capital rules;

applying a 150 risk weight instead of a 100 risk weight for certain high-volatility commercial real estate, or HVCRE, loans, or acquisition, development, and construction, or ADC, loans; and

applying a 250 risk weight to the portion of mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks that are not
 deducted from CET1 capital (increased from 100 under the previous risk-based capital rules).

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules
 on a fully phased-in basis.

Community Bank Leverage Ratio

On September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies jointly finalized a rule effective as of January 1, 2020 and intended to simplify the regulatory capital requirements
 described above for qualifying community banking organizations, or QCBO, that opt into the Community Bank Leverage Ratio, or CBLR, framework, as required by Section 201 of the EGRRCPA. The final rule became effective on January 1, 2020, and the
 CBLR framework became available for banks to use beginning with their March 31, 2020 Call Reports. Under the final rule, if a QCBO opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework, it will be considered to have met the
 well-capitalized ratio requirements under the Prompt Corrective Action regulations described below and will not be required to report or calculate risk-based capital.

10 

Table of Contents 

A QCBO, is defined as a bank, savings association, bank holding company or savings and loan holding company with:

a CBLR of greater than 9 ;

total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion;

total off-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives other than credit derivatives and unconditionally cancelable commitments) of 25 or less of total consolidated assets;

total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets; and

non-advanced approaches institution.

The numerator of the CBLR is referred to as CBLR tangible equity and is calculated as the QCBO s total capital as reported in compliance with the reporting instructions to
 the Call Report or the FR Y-9C, or Reporting Instructions (prior to including non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries) less:

Accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI;

Intangible assets, calculated in accordance with Reporting Instructions, other than mortgage servicing assets; and

Deferred tax assets that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards net of any related valuations allowances.

The denominator of the CBLR is the QCBO s average assets, calculated in accordance with Reporting Instructions and less intangible assets and deferred tax assets deducted from
 CBLR tangible equity.

Although the Company and the Bank are QCBOs, the Company and the Bank have currently not elected to opt in to the CBLR framework at this time and will continue to follow the
 capital requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules as described above.

Prompt Corrective Action

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA requires federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet minimum
 capital requirements. For purposes of prompt corrective action, the law establishes five capital tiers: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A
 depository institution s capital tier depends on its capital levels and certain other factors established by regulation. The applicable FDIC regulations have been amended to incorporate the increased capital requirements required by the Basel III
 Capital Rules that became effective on January 1, 2015. Under the amended regulations, an institution is deemed to be well-capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or
 greater, a CET1 ratio of 6.5 or greater and a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater. Accordingly, a financial institution may be considered well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework, but not satisfy the full Basel III capital
 ratios. Generally, a financial institution must be well capitalized before the Federal Reserve will approve an application by a bank holding company to acquire a bank or merge with a bank holding company. The FDIC applies the same requirement
 in approving bank merger applications.

At each successively lower capital category, a bank is subject to increased restrictions on its operations. For example, a bank is generally prohibited from making capital
 distributions and paying management fees to its holding company if doing so would make the bank undercapitalized. Asset growth and branching restrictions apply to undercapitalized banks, which are required to submit written capital restoration
 plans meeting specified requirements (including a guarantee by the parent holding company, if any). Significantly undercapitalized banks are subject to broad regulatory restrictions, including among other things, capital directives, forced
 mergers, restrictions on the rates of interest they may pay on deposits, restrictions on asset growth and activities, and prohibitions on paying bonuses or increasing compensation to senior executive officers without FDIC approval. Critically
 undercapitalized are subject to even more severe restrictions, including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a conservator or receiver within 90 days after becoming critically undercapitalized.

The appropriate federal banking agency may determine (after notice and opportunity for a hearing) that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or deems the
 institution to be engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice. The appropriate agency is also permitted to require an adequately capitalized or undercapitalized institution to comply with the supervisory provisions as if the institution were in the
 next lower category (but not treat a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized) based on supervisory information other than the capital levels of the institution.

The capital classification of a bank affects the frequency of regulatory examinations, the bank s ability to engage in certain activities and the deposit insurance premium paid
 by the bank. A bank s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying prompt correct action regulations and the capital category may not accurately reflect the bank s overall financial condition or prospects.

11 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met the requirements for being deemed well-capitalized for purposes of the prompt corrective action regulations.

Enforcement Powers of Federal and State Banking Agencies

The federal bank regulatory agencies have broad enforcement powers, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal
 penalties, and appoint a conservator or receiver for financial institutions. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us and our officers and directors to administrative sanctions and potentially substantial civil
 money penalties. In addition to the grounds discussed above under Prompt Corrective Actions, the appropriate federal bank regulatory agency may appoint the FDIC as conservator or receiver for a depository institution (or the FDIC may appoint
 itself, under certain circumstances) if any one or more of a number of circumstances exist, including, without limitation, the fact that the depository institution is undercapitalized and has no reasonable prospect of becoming adequately
 capitalized, fails to become adequately capitalized when required to do so, fails to submit a timely and acceptable capital restoration plan or materially fails to implement an accepted capital restoration plan. The TDB also has broad enforcement
 powers over us, including the power to impose orders, remove officers and directors, impose fines and appoint supervisors and conservators.

The Company

General . As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve under
 the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHCA. Under the BHCA, the Company is subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve. The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of its operations and
 such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require.

Acquisitions, Activities and Change in Control . The BHCA generally requires the prior approval by the Federal Reserve
 for any merger involving a bank holding company or a bank holding company s acquisition of more than 5 of a class of voting securities of any additional bank or bank holding company or to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any
 additional bank or bank holding company. In reviewing applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition transactions, the Federal Reserve considers, among other things, the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the
 capital position and managerial resources of the combined organization, the risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system, the applicant s performance record under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA and the effectiveness of
 all organizations involved in the merger or acquisition in combating money laundering activities. In addition, failure to implement or maintain adequate compliance programs could cause bank regulators not to approve an acquisition where
 regulatory approval is required or to prohibit an acquisition even if approval is not required.

Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA and the Dodd-Frank Act), the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to
 acquire banks located in any state of the U.S. In approving interstate acquisitions, the Federal Reserve is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank
 holding company and its insured depository institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state depository institutions or their holding companies) and state
 laws that require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company. Furthermore, in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding
 companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to complete interstate mergers or acquisitions. For a discussion of the capital requirements, see Regulatory Capital Requirements above.

The BHCA also prohibits any company from acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is
 conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise based on the facts and circumstances even with ownership below 5.00 up to 24.99 ownership.
 The Federal Reserve s regulations related to determinations of whether a company has control over another company, including a bank holding company or a bank, for purposes of the BHCA, include a tiered system of non-control presumptions based
 upon the percentage of any class of voting securities held by an acquirer and the presence of other indicia of control. The four categories of tiered presumptions of non-control, based upon the percentage of ownership of any class of voting
 securities held by an acquirer, are (i) less than 5 , (ii) 5 to 9.99 , (iii) 10 to 14.99 , and (iv) 15 to 24.99 . These regulations provide greater transparency with respect to the total level of equity, representative directors, management
 interlocks, limiting contractual provisions and business relationships that would be permissible to the Federal Reserve in order to avoid a determination of control. These regulations apply to control determinations under the BHCA, but do not
 apply to the Change in Bank Control Act, as amended (the CIBC Act ).

The CIBC Act and the related regulations of the Federal Reserve generally provide that a person, which includes a natural person or entity, directly or indirectly, has control 
 of a bank or bank holding company if it (i) owns, controls, or has the power to vote 25 or more of the voting securities of the bank or bank holding company, (ii) controls the election of directors, trustees, or general partners of the company,
 (iii) has a controlling influence over the management or policies of the company, or (iv) conditions in any manner the transfer of 25 or more of the voting securities of the company upon the transfer of 25 or more of the outstanding shares of
 any class of voting securities of another company. Accordingly, the CIBC Act requires that prior to the acquisition of any class of voting securities of a bank or bank holding company that prior notice to the Federal Reserve be provided, if,
 immediately after the transaction, the acquiring person (or persons acting in concert) will own, control, or hold the power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the bank or bank holding company. A rebuttable presumption of
 control arises under the CIBC Act where a person (or persons acting in concert) controls 10 or more (but less than 25 of a class of the voting securities of a bank or bank holding (i) which has registered securities under the Exchange Act,
 such as the Company, or (ii) no other person owns, controls, or holds the power to vote a greater percentage of any class of voting securities immediately after the transaction.

12 

Table of Contents 

Permissible Activities. The BHCA and the implementing regulations of the Federal Reserve generally prohibit the Company from controlling or engaging in any business other than
 that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own
 shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority would permit the Company to engage in a variety of
 banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage
 banking and brokerage. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of non-bank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. The Federal Reserve has the power to order any bank holding company or its
 subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable grounds to believe that continuing such activity, ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the
 financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company.

In connection with the Dodd-Frank Act, Section 13 of the BHCA, commonly known as the Volcker Rule, was amended to generally prohibit banking entities from engaging in the
 short-term proprietary trading of securities and derivatives for their own account and barred them from having certain relationships with hedge funds or private equity funds. However, Section 203 of the EGRRCPA, exempts community banks from the
 restrictions of the Volcker Rule if (i) the community bank, and every entity that controls it, has total consolidated assets equal to or less than 10 billion; and (ii) trading assets and liabilities of the community bank, and every entity that
 controls it, is equal to or less than 5 of its total consolidated assets. As the consolidated assets of the Company are less than 10 billion and the Company does not currently exceed the 5 threshold, this aspect of the Volcker Rule does not
 have any impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements at this time.

Additionally, bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own
 shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of non-banking activities, including securities and insurance underwriting and sales, merchant banking and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the
 Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity or that the Federal Reserve determines by order to be complementary to any such financial activity and does not pose a substantial
 risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. The Company has not elected to be a financial holding company, and we have not engaged in any activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be
 financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature.

If the Company should elect to become a financial holding company, the Company and the Bank must be well-capitalized, well-managed, and have a least a satisfactory CRA rating.
 If the Company were to become a financial holding company and the Federal Reserve subsequently determined that the Company, as a financial holding company, is not well-capitalized or well-managed, the Company would have a period of time during
 which to achieve compliance, but during the period of noncompliance, the Federal Reserve may place any limitations on the Company that the Federal Reserve believes to be appropriate. Furthermore, if the Company became a financial holding company
 and the Federal Reserve subsequently determined that the Bank, as a financial holding company subsidiary, has not received a satisfactory CRA rating, the Company would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that
 engages in such activities.

Source of Strength . Federal Reserve policy historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial
 and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may
 not be in a financial position to provide it. The Company must stand ready to use its available resources to provide adequate capital to the Bank during periods of financial stress or adversity. The Company must also maintain the financial
 flexibility and capital raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting the Bank. The Company s failure to meet its source of strength obligations may constitute an unsafe and unsound practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve s
 regulations or both. The source of strength obligation most directly affects bank holding companies where a bank holding company s subsidiary bank fails to maintain adequate capital levels. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to the
 subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. The BHCA provides that in the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy any commitment by a bank holding company to a
 federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of its subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment.

13 

Table of Contents 

Imposition of Liability for Undercapitalized Subsidiaries . Bank regulators are required to take prompt corrective
 action to resolve problems associated with insured depository institutions whose capital declines below certain levels. In the event an institution becomes undercapitalized, it must submit a capital restoration plan to its regulators. The
 capital restoration plan will not be accepted by the regulators unless each company having control of the undercapitalized institution guarantees the subsidiary s compliance with the capital restoration plan up to a certain specified amount. Any
 such guarantee from a depository institution s holding company is entitled to a priority of payment in bankruptcy.

The aggregate liability of the holding company of an undercapitalized bank is limited to the lesser of 5 of the institution s assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the
 amount necessary to cause the institution to be adequately capitalized. The bank regulators have greater power in situations where an institution becomes significantly or critically undercapitalized or fails to submit a capital restoration
 plan. For example, a bank holding company controlling such an institution can be required to obtain prior Federal Reserve approval of proposed dividends, or it may be required to consent to a consolidation or to divest the troubled institution or
 other affiliates.

Safe and Sound Banking Practices . Bank holding companies and their non-banking subsidiaries are prohibited from
 engaging in activities that represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or that constitute a violation of law or regulations. Under certain conditions the Federal Reserve may conclude that certain actions of a bank holding company, such as a
 payment of a cash dividend, would constitute an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve also has the authority to regulate the debt of bank holding companies, including the authority to impose interest rate ceilings and reserve
 requirements on such debt. Under certain circumstances the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to file written notice and obtain its approval prior to purchasing or redeeming its equity securities, unless certain conditions are
 met.

Tie in Arrangements . Federal law prohibits bank holding companies and any subsidiary banks from engaging in certain tie
 in arrangements in connection with the extension of credit. For example, the Bank may not extend credit, lease or sell property, or furnish any services, or fix or vary the consideration for any of the foregoing on the condition that (i) the
 customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property or services from or to the Bank other than a loan, discount, deposit or trust services, (ii) the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property or service from or
 to the Company or the Bank, or (iii) the customer must not obtain some other credit, property or services from competitors, except reasonable requirements to assure soundness of credit extended.

Dividend Payments, Stock Redemptions and Repurchases . The Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is
 affected by both general corporate law considerations and the regulations and policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies, including the Basel III Capital Rules. Generally, a Texas corporation may not make distributions
 to its shareholders if (i) after giving effect to the dividend, the corporation would be insolvent, or (ii) the amount of the dividend exceeds the surplus of the corporation. Dividends may be declared and paid in a corporation s own treasury
 shares that have been reacquired by the corporation out of surplus. Dividends may be declared and paid in a corporation s own authorized but unissued shares out of the surplus of the corporation upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.

It is the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year, and only if
 prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. It is also the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine their
 ability to be a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. Additionally, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum
 allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. The Federal Reserve possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their nonbank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound
 practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies.

Bank holding companies must consult with the Federal Reserve before redeeming any equity or other capital instrument included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to stated
 maturity, if (x) such redemption could have a material effect on the level or composition of the organization s capital base, or (y) as a result of such repurchase, there is a net reduction of the outstanding amount of common stock or preferred
 stock outstanding at the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurs. In addition, bank holding companies are unable to repurchase shares equal to 10 or more of its net worth if it would not be well-capitalized (as
 defined by the Federal Reserve) after giving effect to such repurchase. Bank holding companies experiencing financial weaknesses, or that are at significant risk of developing financial weaknesses, must consult with the Federal Reserve before
 redeeming or repurchasing common stock or other regulatory capital instruments.

The Bank

General . City Bank is a Texas banking association and is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the TDB
 and the FDIC. City Bank is also subject to certain regulations of the CFPB. The TDB supervises and regulates all areas of the Bank s operations including, without limitation, the making of loans, the issuance of securities, the conduct of the
 Bank s corporate affairs, the satisfaction of capital adequacy requirements, the payment of dividends and the establishment or closing of banking offices. The FDIC is the Bank s primary federal regulatory agency and periodically examines the
 Bank s operations and financial condition and compliance with federal law. In addition, the Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the DIF to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, and the FDIC has certain enforcement
 powers over the Bank. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Depositor Preference . In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the
 claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against
 the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors including the parent bank holding company with respect to
 any extensions of credit they have made to that insured depository institution.

Brokered Deposit Restrictions . Well-capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while
 adequately capitalized institutions are able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions are generally not
 permitted to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was eligible to accept brokered deposits without a waiver from the FDIC as the Bank was a well-capitalized institution.

Deposit Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premiums to the FDIC.
 The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured depository institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and
 the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to the regulators. For deposit insurance assessment purposes, an insured depository institution is placed in one of four risk categories each quarter. An institution s assessment is
 determined by multiplying its assessment rate by its assessment base. The total base assessment rates range from 1.5 basis points to 40 basis points. While in the past an insured depository institution s assessment base was determined by its
 deposit base, amendments to the FDIA revised the assessment base so that it is calculated using average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity.

Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act altered the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF, increasing the minimum from 1.15 to 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured
 deposits, and eliminating the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule applicable to all insured depository
 institutions increasing initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC also issued a notice maintaining a DIF reserve ratio of 2.0 for 2023. The
 increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35 by September 30, 2028, the statutory deadline set by the Dodd-Frank Act. The new assessment rate
 schedules will remain in effect unless and until the DIF reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2.0 in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC s long-term goal of a 2.0 designated reserve ratio for the DIF. FDIC staff may in
 the future recommend additional assessment rate adjustments if deemed necessary.

At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, may increase or decrease the assessment rates following notice and comment
 on proposed rulemaking. As a result, the Bank s FDIC deposit insurance premiums could increase. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid 1,199,000 in FDIC deposit insurance premiums.

Audit Reports . For insured institutions with total assets of 1.0 billion or more, financial statements prepared in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, management s certifications signed by our and the Bank s chief executive officer and chief accounting or financial officer concerning management s responsibility for the financial
 statements, and an attestation by the auditors regarding the Bank s internal controls must be submitted. For institutions with total assets of more than 3.0 billion, independent auditors may be required to review quarterly financial statements.
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act requires that the Bank have an independent audit committee, consisting of outside directors only, or that we have an audit committee that is entirely independent. The committees of such
 institutions must include members with experience in banking or financial management, must have access to outside counsel and must not include representatives of large customers. The Bank s audit committee consists entirely of independent
 directors.

Examination Assessments . Texas-chartered banks are required to pay an annual assessment fee to the TDB to fund its
 operations. The fee is based on the amount of the bank s assets at rates established by the Finance Commission of Texas. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid examination assessments to the TDB totaling 261,000.

Capital Requirements . Banks are generally required to maintain minimum capital ratios. For a discussion of the capital
 requirements applicable to the Bank, see Regulatory Capital Requirements above.

Bank Reserves . The Federal Reserve requires all depository institutions to maintain reserves against some transaction
 accounts (primarily NOW and Super NOW checking accounts). The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve may be used to satisfy liquidity requirements. An institution may borrow from the Federal Reserve
 discount window as a secondary source of funds if the institution meets the Federal Reserve s credit standards. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity Requirements . Historically, regulation and monitoring of bank and bank holding company liquidity has been
 addressed as a supervisory matter, without required formulaic measures. The Basel III liquidity framework requires banks and bank holding companies to measure their liquidity against specific liquidity tests. The federal banking agencies adopted
 final Liquidity Coverage Ratio rules in September 2014 and proposed Net Stable Funding Ratio rules in May 2016. These rules introduced two liquidity related metrics: Liquidity Coverage Ratio is intended to require financial institutions to
 maintain sufficient high-quality liquid resources to survive an acute stress scenario that lasts for one month; and Net Stable Funding Ratio is intended to require financial institutions to maintain a minimum amount of stable sources relative to
 the liquidity profiles of the institution s assets and contingent liquidity needs over a one-year period.

While the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the proposed Net Stable Funding Ratio rules apply only to the largest banking organizations in the country, certain elements may filter
 down and become applicable to or expected of all insured depository institutions and bank holding companies.

Dividend Payments . The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Unless the approval of the
 FDIC is obtained, the Bank may not declare or pay a dividend if the total of all dividends declared during the calendar year, including the proposed dividend, exceeds the sum of the Bank s net income during the current calendar year and the
 retained net income of the prior two calendar years. In addition, pursuant to the Texas Finance Code, as a Texas banking association, the Bank generally may not pay a dividend that would reduce its outstanding capital and surplus unless it
 obtains the prior approval of the Texas Banking Commissioner. As a Texas corporation, we may, under the Texas Business Organizations Code TBOC ), pay dividends out of net profits after deducting expenses, including loan losses. The FDIC and the
 TDB also may, under certain circumstances, prohibit the payment of dividends to the Company from the Bank. Texas corporate law also requires that dividends only be paid out of funds legally available therefor.

The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and
 regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. As described above, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements under
 applicable regulatory guidelines as of December 31, 2022.

Transactions with Affiliates . The Bank is subject to sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, or the Affiliates
 Act, and the Federal Reserve s implementing Regulation W. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. Accordingly, transactions between the Company, the Bank and any
 non-bank subsidiaries will be subject to a number of restrictions. The Affiliates Act imposes restrictions and limitations on the Bank from making extensions of credit to, or the issuance of a guarantee or letter of credit on behalf of, the
 Company or other affiliates, the purchase of, or investment in, stock or other securities thereof, the taking of such securities as collateral for loans and the purchase of assets of the Company or other affiliates. Such restrictions and
 limitations prevent the Company or other affiliates from borrowing from the Bank unless the loans are secured by marketable obligations of designated amounts. Furthermore, such secured loans and investments by the Bank to or in the Company or to
 or in any other non-banking affiliate are limited, individually, to 10 of the Bank s capital and surplus, and such transactions are limited in the aggregate to 20 of the Bank s capital and surplus. All such transactions, as well as contracts
 entered into between the Bank and affiliates, must be on terms that are no less favorable to the Bank than those that would be available from non-affiliated third parties. Federal Reserve policies also forbid the payment by bank subsidiaries of
 management fees which are unreasonable in amount or exceed the fair market value of the services rendered or, if no market exists, actual costs plus a reasonable profit.

Financial Subsidiaries . Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA ), subject to certain conditions imposed by their
 respective banking regulators, national and state-chartered banks are permitted to form financial subsidiaries that may conduct financial activities or activities incidental thereto, thereby permitting bank subsidiaries to engage in certain
 activities that previously were impermissible. The GLBA imposes several safeguards and restrictions on financial subsidiaries, including that the parent bank s equity investment in the financial subsidiary be deducted from the bank s assets and
 tangible equity for purposes of calculating the bank s capital adequacy. In addition, the GLBA imposed new restrictions on transactions between a bank and its financial subsidiaries similar to restrictions applicable to transactions between banks
 and non-bank affiliates. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank did not have any financial subsidiaries.

16 

Table of Contents 

Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders . The authority of the Bank to extend credit to its
 directors, executive officers and principal shareholders, including their immediate family members and corporations and other entities that they control, is subject to substantial restrictions and requirements under the Federal Reserve s
 Regulation O, as well as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These statutes and regulations impose limits on the amount of loans the Bank may make to directors and other insiders and require that (i) the loans must be made on substantially the same terms,
 including interest rates and collateral, as prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not affiliated with the Company or the Bank, (ii) the Bank must follow credit underwriting procedures at least as stringent as those
 applicable to comparable transactions with persons who are not affiliated with the Company or the Bank, and (iii) the loans must not involve a greater than normal risk of non-payment or include other features not favorable to the Bank.
 Furthermore, the Bank must periodically report all loans made to directors and other insiders to the bank regulators. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s total amount of lines of credit for loans to insiders and loans outstanding to insiders was
 9.7 million.

Limits on Loans to One Borrower . As a Texas banking association, the Bank is subject to limits on the amount of loans
 it can make to one borrower. With certain limited exceptions, loans and extensions of credit from Texas banking associations outstanding to any borrower (including certain related entities of the borrower) at any one time may not exceed 25 of
 the Tier 1 capital of the Bank. A Texas banking association may lend an additional amount if the loan is fully secured by certain types of collateral, like bonds or notes of the U.S. Certain types of loans are exempted from the lending limits,
 including loans secured by segregated deposits held by the Bank. The Bank s legal lending limit to any one borrower was approximately 103.6 million as of December 31, 2022.

Safety and Soundness Standards / Risk Management . The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines establishing
 operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The guidelines set forth standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation,
 credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings.

In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to
 achieve those goals. If an institution fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in the guidelines, the financial institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining
 compliance. If a financial institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an
 order directing the institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the financial institution s rate of growth, require the financial institution to increase its
 capital, restrict the rates the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and soundness
 guidelines may also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments.

During the past decade, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating
 the activities of the financial institutions they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation
 and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational,
 legal and reputational risk. In particular, recent regulatory pronouncements have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches in internal controls, fraud or
 unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, third party risk management and cybersecurity are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected to address in the current
 environment. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls.

Branching Authority . Deposit-taking banking offices must be approved by the FDIC and, if such office is established
 within Texas, the TDB, which consider a number of factors including financial history, capital adequacy, earnings prospects, character of management, needs of the community and consistency with corporate power. The Dodd-Frank Act permits insured
 state banks to engage in interstate branching if the laws of the state where the new banking office is to be established would permit the establishment of the banking office if it were chartered by a bank in such state. Finally, the Bank may also
 establish banking offices in other states by merging with banks or by purchasing banking offices of other banks in other states, subject to certain restrictions.

Interstate Deposit Restrictions . The Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 Interstate
 Act ), together with the Dodd-Frank Act, relaxed prior branching restrictions under federal law by permitting, subject to regulatory approval, banks to establish branches in states where the laws permit banks chartered in such states to establish
 branches.

Section 109 of the Interstate Act prohibits a bank from establishing or acquiring a branch or branches outside of its home state primarily for the purpose of deposit
 production. To determine compliance with Section 109, the appropriate federal banking agency first compares a bank s estimated statewide loan-to-deposit ratio to the estimated host state loan-to-deposit ratio for a particular state. If a bank s
 statewide loan-to-deposit ratio is at least one-half of the published host state loan-to-deposit ratio, the bank has complied with Section 109. A second step is conducted if a bank s estimated statewide loan-to-deposit ratio is less than one-half
 of the published ratio for that state. The second step requires the appropriate agency to determine whether the bank is reasonably helping to meet the credit needs of the communities served by the bank s interstate branches. A bank that fails
 both steps is in violation of Section 109 and subject to sanctions by the appropriate agency. Those sanctions may include requiring the bank s interstate branches in the non-compliant state be closed or not permitting the bank to open new
 branches in the non-compliant state.

For purposes of Section 109, the Bank s home state is Texas and the Bank operates branches in one host state: New Mexico. The most recently published host state loan-to-deposit
 ratio using data as of June 30, 2021 reflects a statewide loan-to-deposit ratio in New Mexico of 56 . As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s statewide loan-to-deposit ratio in New Mexico was 39 . Accordingly, management believes that the Bank is in
 compliance with Section 109 in New Mexico after application of the first step of the two-step test.

17 

Table of Contents 

Community Reinvestment Act . The CRA and the regulations issued thereunder are intended to encourage insured depository
 institutions, while operating safely and soundly, to help meet the credit needs of their communities. The CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of
 helping to meet the credit needs of their entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution s record of
 meeting its community credit needs into account when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions or holding company formations.

The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations which measure a bank s compliance with its CRA obligations on a performance based evaluation system. This system bases CRA
 ratings on an institution s actual lending service and investment performance rather than the extent to which the institution conducts needs assessments, documents community outreach or complies with other procedural requirements. The ratings
 range from a high of outstanding to a low of substantial noncompliance. The Bank had a CRA rating of satisfactory as of its most recent CRA assessment.

On May 5, 2022, the federal banking regulators issued a joint proposed rule to revise regulations implementing the CRA, which seeks to strengthen the purpose of the CRA, adapt
 to changes in the banking industry, including the expanded role of mobile and online banking, provide clarity and consistency in the application of CRA regulations, tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, business
 model, and local conditions, tailor data collection and reporting requirements, promote transparency and public engagement, confirm that CRA and fair lending are mutually reinforcing, and create a consistent regulatory approach that applies to
 banks regulated by all of the federal banking regulators. While the comment period for the proposed rule expired in August 2022, a final rule has not yet been implemented by the federal banking regulators. The Company and the Bank will continue
 to monitor these developments.

Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering and the Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation . The Uniting and
 Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has
 significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering AML laws and regulations by
 imposing significant compliance and due diligence obligations, created new crimes and penalties and expanded the extra territorial jurisdiction of the U.S. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial
 transactions and account relationships, must use enhanced due diligence procedures in their dealings with certain types of high risk customers and must implement a written customer identification program. Financial institutions must take certain
 steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and report certain types of suspicious transactions. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations and
 failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act or its regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences
 for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory
 authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be in violation of these obligations.

Among other requirements, federal laws, including the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act and as further amended by the National Defense Authorization
 Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (the National Defense Authorization Act ), and implementing regulations, require banks to establish and maintain AML programs that include, at a minimum:

internal policies, procedures and controls designed to implement and maintain the bank s compliance with all of the requirements of the BSA, the USA PATRIOT Act, the National Defense Authorization Act and
 related laws and regulations;

systems and procedures for monitoring and reporting suspicious transactions and activities;

a designated compliance officer;

employee training;

an independent audit function to test the AML program;

procedures to verify the identity of each customer upon the opening of accounts; and

heightened due diligence policies, procedures and controls applicable to certain foreign accounts and relationships.

18 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, the USA PATRIOT Act requires each financial institution to develop a customer identification program CIP as part of its AML program. The key components of the
 CIP are identification, verification, government list comparison, notice and record retention. The purpose of the CIP is to enable the financial institution to determine the true identity and anticipated account activity of each customer. To make
 this determination, among other things, the financial institution must collect certain information from customers at the time they enter into the customer relationship with the financial institution. This information must be verified within a
 reasonable time through documentary and non-documentary methods. Furthermore, all customers must be screened against any CIP-related government lists of known or suspected terrorists. Financial institutions are also required to comply with
 various reporting and recordkeeping requirements. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC consider an applicant s effectiveness in combating money laundering, among other factors, in connection with an application to approve a bank merger or acquisition
 of control of a bank or bank holding company.

Likewise, the Office of Foreign Accounts Control OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes under authority
 of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, freezing or blocking accounts of,
 and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence.

The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN issued a final rule regarding customer due diligence requirements for covered financial institutions in connection with
 their BSA and AML policies, that became effective in May 2018. The final rule adds a requirement to understand the nature and purpose of customer relationships and identify the beneficial owner (25 or more ownership interest) of legal entity
 customers. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and they must consider an institution s anti-money laundering compliance when considering regulatory applications filed by the institution, including
 applications for bank mergers and acquisitions. The regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations.

Further, on January 1, 2021, Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which enacted the most significant overhaul of the BSA and related AML laws since the USA
 PATRIOT Act. Notable amendments include (1) significant changes to the collection of beneficial ownership information and the establishment of a beneficial ownership registry, which requires corporate entities (generally, any corporation, limited
 liability company, or other similar entity with 20 or fewer employees and annual gross income of 5 million or less) to report beneficial ownership information to FinCEN (which will be maintained by FinCEN and made available upon request to
 financial institutions); (2) enhanced whistleblower provisions, which provide that one or more whistleblowers who voluntarily provide original information leading to the successful enforcement of violations of the anti-money laundering laws in
 any judicial or administrative action brought by the Secretary of the Treasury or the Attorney General resulting in monetary sanctions exceeding 1 million (including disgorgement and interest but excluding forfeiture, restitution, or
 compensation to victims) will receive not more than 30 percent of the monetary sanctions collected and will receive increased protections; (3) increased penalties for violations of the BSA; (4) improvements to existing information sharing
 provisions that permit financial institutions to share information relating to suspicious activity reports (SARs) with foreign branches, subsidiaries, and affiliates (except those located in China, Russia, or certain other jurisdictions) for the
 purpose of combating illicit finance risks; and (5) expanded duties and powers of FinCEN. Many of the amendments, including those with respect to beneficial ownership, require the Department of Treasury and FinCEN to promulgate rules.

Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate AML and OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal
 and reputational consequences for the institution.

Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate . The federal banking agencies have promulgated guidance governing financial
 institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that a bank has a concentration in commercial real estate lending if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent
 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and non-farm nonresidential properties (excluding loans secured by owner-occupied properties) and loans for construction, land development, and other land represent
 300 or more of total capital and the bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address the
 following key elements: including board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of
 increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a statement on prudent risk management for commercial real estate lending . As of
 December 31, 2022, the Company did not exceed the levels to be considered to have a concentration in commercial real estate lending and believes its credit administration to be consistent with the published policy statement.

The Basel III Capital Rules also require loans categorized as high-volatility commercial real estate, or HVCRE, to be assigned a 150 risk weighting and require additional
 capital support. However, the EGRRCPA prohibits federal banking regulators from imposing higher capital standards on HVCRE exposures unless they are for ADC and clarifying ADC status. As of December 31, 2022, we had 413.7 million in ADC loans
 and 6.3 million in HVCRE loans.

Effective April 1, 2020, federal banking regulators implemented a final rule revising the definition of a HVCRE exposure and providing interpretations of certain aspects of
 Acquisition Development and Construction loans. This final rule became effective on April 1, 2020 and did not have a material impact on the Banks Consolidated Report of Condition and Income. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Consumer Financial Services

We are subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern our relationship with our customers. These laws include the Equal Credit
 Opportunity Act ECOA ), the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act FHA ),
 the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, the Military Lending Act, and these laws respective state law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding
 unfair and deceptive acts and practices. These and other federal laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit
 transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices and subject us to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection
 laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies
 may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which we operate
 and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for mergers or acquisitions or prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if
 approval is not required.

Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those listed above. These state and local laws regulate the manner in which
 financial institutions deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans or conducting other types of transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action
 by state and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability.

Rulemaking authority for most federal consumer protection laws was transferred from the prudential regulators to the CFPB on July 21, 2011. In some cases, regulators such as
 the Federal Trade Commission FTC and the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ also retain certain rulemaking or enforcement authority. The CFPB also has broad authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices, or UDAAP, and
 to investigate and penalize financial institutions that violate this prohibition. While the statutory language of the Dodd-Frank Act sets forth the standards for acts and practices that violate the prohibition on UDAAP, certain aspects of these
 standards are untested, and thus it is currently not possible to predict how the CFPB will exercise this authority.

The consumer protection provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a
 more intense and complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer protection laws and new requirements for financial services products provided for in the Dodd-Frank
 Act, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit UDAAP. The review of products and practices to prevent such acts and practices is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this
 heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and
 possible penalties. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other
 payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist
 orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also
 adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Significant recent CFPB developments include:

continued focus on fair lending, including promoting racial and economic equity for underserved, vulnerable and marginalized communities;

focused efforts on enforcing certain compliance obligations the CFPB deems a priority, such as automobile loan servicing, debt collection, deposit, overdraft, non-sufficient funds, representment fees and other
 services fees, mortgage origination and servicing, and remittances, among others; and

rulemaking plans concerning, among others, consumers access to their financial information and requirements for financial institutions to collect, report and make public certain information concerning credit
 applications made by women-owned, minority-owned and small businesses.

The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over providers with more than 10 billion in assets. Banks and savings institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, like
 the Bank, will continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators.

20 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage and Mortgage-Related Products, Generally . Because abuses in connection with home mortgages were a significant
 factor contributing to the financial crisis, many provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and rules issued thereunder address mortgage and mortgage-related products, their underwriting, origination, servicing and sales. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly
 expands underwriting requirements applicable to loans secured by 1-4 family residential real property and augmented federal law combating predatory lending practices. In addition to numerous disclosure requirements, the Dodd-Frank Act imposes new
 standards for mortgage loan originations on all lenders, including banks, in an effort to strongly encourage lenders to verify a borrower s ability to repay, while also establishing a presumption of compliance for certain qualified mortgages. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act generally requires lenders or securitizers to retain an economic interest in the credit risk relating to loans that the lender sells, and other asset-backed securities that the securitizer issues, if the loans do not comply
 with the ability-to-repay standards described below. The Bank does not currently expect these provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act or any related regulations to have a significant impact on its operations, except for higher compliance costs.

Ability-to-Repay Requirement and Qualified Mortgage Rule . In January 2013, the CFPB issued a final rule implementing
 the Dodd-Frank Act s ability-to-repay requirements. Under this rule, lenders, in assessing a borrower s ability to repay a mortgage-related obligation, must consider eight underwriting factors: (i) current or reasonably expected income or assets;
 (ii) current employment status; (iii) monthly payment on the subject transaction; (iv) monthly payment on any simultaneous loan; (v) monthly payment for all mortgage-related obligations; (vi) current debt obligations, alimony, and child support;
 (vii) monthly debt-to-income ratio or residual income; and (viii) credit history. This rule also includes guidance regarding the application of, and methodology for evaluating, these factors. The EGRRCPA provides that for certain insured
 depository institutions and insured credit unions with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, mortgage loans that are originated and retained in portfolio will automatically be deemed to satisfy the ability to repay requirement. To
 qualify for this treatment, the insured depository institutions and credit unions must meet conditions relating to prepayment penalties, points and fees, negative amortization, interest-only features and documentation.

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act HMDA . On October 15, 2015, pursuant to Section 1094 of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB
 issued amended rules in regard to the collection, reporting and disclosure of certain residential mortgage transactions under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (the HMDA Rules ). The Dodd-Frank Act mandated additional loan data collection points
 in addition to authorizing the Bureau to require other data collection points under implementing Regulation C. Most of the provisions of the HMDA Rule went into effect on January 1, 2018 and apply to data collected in 2018 and reporting in 2019
 and later years. The HMDA Rule adopts a uniform loan volume threshold for all financial institutions, modifies the types of transactions that are subject to collection and reporting, expands the loan data information being collected and reported,
 and modifies procedures for annual submission and annual public disclosures. EGRRCPA amended provisions of the HMDA Rule to exempt certain insured institutions from most of the expanded data collection requirements required of the Dodd-Frank Act.
 The CFPB further amended the HMDA Rules in April 2020 so that, effective January 1, 2022, institutions originating fewer than 100 dwelling secured closed-end mortgage loans or fewer than 200 dwelling secured open-end lines are exempt from the
 expanded data collection requirements that went into effect January 1, 2018. On February 1, 2023, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued OCC Bulletin 2023-5 which clarified that, following a recent court decision vacating the 2020
 HMDA Final Rule as to the loan volume reporting threshold for closed-end mortgage loans, the loan origination threshold for reporting HMDA data on closed-end mortgage loans reverted to the 25 loan threshold established by the 2015 HMDA Final
 Rule. The Bank does not receive this reporting relief based on the number of dwelling secured mortgage loans reported annually.

UDAP and UDAAP . Banking regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address
 unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been
 Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, referred to as the FTC Act, which is the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, referred to as UDAP, and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce.
 Unjustified consumer injury is the principal focus of the FTC Act. UDAP laws and regulations were expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, referred to as UDAAP, and were delegated to the
 CFPB for rule-making. The federal banking agencies have the authority to enforce such rules and regulations. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB looks to various factors to assess whether an act or practice is unfair, including whether it causes
 or is likely to cause substantial injury to consumers, the injury is not reasonably avoidable by consumers, and the injury is not outweighed by countervailing benefits to consumers or to competition. A key focus of the CFPB is whether an act or
 practice hinders a consumer s decision-making.

Incentive Compensation Guidance

The federal bank regulatory agencies have issued comprehensive guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine
 the safety and soundness of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related
 risk-management, control and governance processes. The incentive compensation guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based
 upon three primary principles: (1) balanced risk-taking incentives; (2) compatibility with effective controls and risk management; and (3) strong corporate governance. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be
 incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive compensation guidance, a banking organization s federal supervisor may initiate
 enforcement action if the organization s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. Further, the Basel III capital rules limit discretionary bonus payments to bank executives if the
 institution s regulatory capital ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds.

21 

Table of Contents 

The Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal banking regulators to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding
 companies with assets in excess of 1 billion, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded or not. In May 2016, the federal banking regulators, joined by the SEC, proposed such a rule that is tailored based on the asset size of the
 institution. All covered financial institutions would be subject to a prohibition on paying compensation, fees, and benefits that are unreasonable or disproportionate to the value of the services performed by a person covered by the proposed
 rule (generally, senior executive officers and employees who are significant risk-takers). As of the date of this Form 10-K, the federal banking regulators have not yet implemented a final rule with respect to excessive compensation paid to
 executives of depository institutions and their holding companies. The scope and content of the U.S. banking regulators policies on executive compensation are continuing to develop and are likely to continue evolving in the near future.

The Dodd-Frank Act requires public companies to include, at least once every three years, a separate non-binding say-on-pay vote in their proxy statement by which
 shareholders may vote on the compensation of the public company s named executive officers. In addition, if such public companies are involved in a merger, acquisition, or consolidation, or if they propose to sell or dispose of all or
 substantially all of their assets, shareholders have a right to an advisory vote on any golden parachute arrangements in connection with such transaction (frequently referred to as say-on-golden parachute vote). Although we will be exempt from
 these requirements while we are an emerging growth company, other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act may impact our corporate governance. For instance, the SEC adopted rules prohibiting the listing of any equity security of a company that does not
 have a compensation committee consisting solely of independent directors, subject to certain exceptions.

In August 2022, the SEC adopted the final pay versus performance rule mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. Among other disclosure requirements, the rule requires public companies
 (other than emerging growth companies, registered investment companies and foreign private issuers) to disclose the relationships among named executive officer compensation actually paid, total shareholder return and certain financial
 performance measures that the company uses to link compensation to company performance for its five most recent fiscal years. The rule will not apply to the Company while it is an emerging growth company and, accordingly, management anticipates
 that the rule will first apply to disclosures in the Company s proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders.

In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges and associations, including the NASDAQ, to implement listing standards that require listed
 companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or clawback of excess incentive-based compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company is required to prepare an
 accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. The final rule requires the Company to adopt a
 clawback policy within 60 days after such listing standard becomes effective.

Financial Privacy

The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to
 non-affiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party. These
 regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among affiliated companies that is
 assembled or used to determine eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and income information from applications. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions
 not to share information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services.

Impact of Monetary Policy

The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the tools
 available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These
 tools are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.

Environmental Laws Potentially Impacting the Bank

We are subject to state and federal environmental laws and regulations. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, CERCLA ), is a federal statute
 that generally imposes strict liability on all prior and present owners and operators of sites containing hazardous waste. However, Congress acted to protect secured creditors by providing that the term owner and operator excludes a person
 whose ownership is limited to protecting its security interest in the site. Since the enactment of the CERCLA, this secured creditor exemption has been the subject of judicial interpretations which have left open the possibility that lenders
 could be liable for cleanup costs on contaminated property that they hold as collateral for a loan, which costs often substantially exceed the value of the property.

22 

Table of Contents 

New Banking Reform Legislation

Other key provisions of the EGRRCPA as it relates to community banks and bank holding companies include, but are not limited to: (i) assisting smaller banks with obtaining
 stable funding by providing an exception for reciprocal deposits from FDIC restrictions on acceptance of brokered deposits; (ii) raising the eligibility for use of short-form Call Reports from 1 billion to 5 billion in assets; and (iii)
 changing the eligibility for use of the small bank holding company policy statement from institutions with under 1 billion in assets to institutions with under 3 billion in assets.

At this time, it is difficult to anticipate the continued impact this expansive legislation will have on the Company, its customers and the financial industry generally. To the
 extent the Dodd-Frank Act remains in place or is not further amended, it is likely to continue to increase the Company s cost of doing business, limit the Bank s permissible activities, and affect the competitive balance within the industry and
 market.

Other Pending and Proposed Legislation

Other legislative and regulatory initiatives which could affect the Company, the Bank and the banking industry in general may be proposed or introduced before the U.S.
 Congress, the Texas Legislature and other governmental bodies in the future. Such proposals, if enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation and competitive relationship among financial institutions, and may subject the Company or the
 Bank to increased regulation, disclosure and reporting requirements. In addition, the various banking regulatory agencies often adopt new rules and regulations to implement and enforce existing legislation. It cannot be predicted whether, or in
 what form, any such legislation or regulations may be enacted or the extent to which the business of the Company or the Bank would be affected thereby.

Although the majority of the Dodd-Frank Act s rulemaking requirements have been met with finalized rules, approximately one-fifth of the rulemaking requirements are either
 still in the proposal stage or have not yet been proposed. On February 2, 2017, President Donald Trump signed an executive order calling for the administration to review various U.S. financial laws and regulations. The full scope of the current
 administration s legislative and regulatory agenda is not yet fully known, but it may include further deregulatory measures for the banking industry, including the structure and powers of the CFPB and other areas under the Dodd-Frank Act.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

The Company maintains an Internet web site at www.spfi.bank. The Company makes available, free of charge, on its web site (under www.spfi.bank/financials-filings/sec-filings)
 the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably
 practicable after the Company files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. The Company also makes, free of charge, through its web site (under www.spfi.bank/corporate-governance/documents-charters) links to the Company s Code of
 Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters for its Board committees. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet web site (at www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
 electronically with the SEC.

The Company routinely posts important information for investors on its web site (under www.spfi.bank and, more specifically, under the News Events tab at
 www.spfi.bank/news-events/press-releases). The Company intends to use its web site as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). Accordingly,
 investors should monitor the Company s web site, in addition to following the Company s press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts.

The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the Company s web site is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Report.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you decide to invest, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all other
 information included in this Report. We believe the risks described below are the risks that are material to us. Any of the following risks, as well as risks that we do not know or currently deem immaterial, could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In that case, you could experience a partial or complete loss of your investment.

23 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Business

The Company is subject to interest rate risk and changes in market interest rates or capital markets could affect our revenues and expenses, the value of
 assets and obligations, and the availability and cost of capital or liquidity.

Given our business mix, and the fact that most of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature, we tend to be sensitive to market interest rate movements and the performance
 of the financial markets. Our primary source of income is net interest income, meaning the difference or spread between interest income earned and interest expense paid. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price more quickly than
 interest-earning assets in a given period, a significant increase in market interest rates could adversely affect net interest income. Conversely, when interest-earning assets mature or re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities,
 falling interest rates could result in a decrease in net interest income. Prevailing economic conditions, fiscal and monetary policies and the policies of various regulatory agencies all affect market rates of interest and the availability and
 cost of credit, which, in turn, significantly affect financial institutions net interest income. If the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a faster rate than increases in the interest we receive on loans and
 investments, net interest income, and, therefore, our earnings, could be affected. Earnings could also be affected if the interest we receive on loans and other investments falls more quickly than the interest we pay on deposits and other
 borrowings.

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Company s control, including competition, the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve, inflation and
 deflation, and volatility of domestic and global financial and credit markets, due to any number of factors including, among other things, the persistence of the ongoing inflationary environment in the United States and in our market areas and
 current geopolitical tensions.

In the current environment of increasing interest rates, loan originations may decline, and our borrowers may experience greater difficulties meeting their obligations, depending
 on the performance of the overall economy, which may adversely affect income from these lending activities. This could result in decreased interest income, decreased mortgage revenues and corresponding decreases in noninterest income from
 projected levels. During periods of reduced loan demand, results of operations may be adversely affected to the extent that we would be unable to reduce mortgage-related noninterest expenses commensurately with the decline in mortgage loan
 origination activity. Increases in interest rates could also adversely affect the market value of our fixed income assets. Conversely, in periods of decreasing interest rates, our borrowers may experience difficulties meeting their obligations or
 seek to refinance their loans for lower rates, which may adversely affect income from these lending activities and negatively impact our net interest margin.

A prolonged period of volatile and unstable financial market conditions could increase our funding costs and negatively affect our asset-liability management strategies. Higher
 volatility in interest rates and spreads to benchmark indices could cause decreases in the fair market values of our investment portfolio, and of assets the Company manages for others and may impair our ability to attract and retain funds from
 current and prospective customers, which could lower fee income. Fluctuations in interest rates could impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest-earning assets
 and interest-bearing liabilities, any of which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to fund future growth, our operating results, and financial condition.

Although our asset-liability management strategy is designed to control and mitigate exposure to the risks related to changes in market interest rates, those rates are affected by
 many factors outside of our control, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, deflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply, international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets.

Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by current conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally.

Our business and operations, which primarily consist of lending money to customers in the form of loans, borrowing money from customers in the form of deposits and investing in
 securities, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the U.S. Uncertainty about the federal fiscal policymaking process, and the medium and long-term fiscal outlook of the federal government and U.S. economy, is a concern for
 businesses, consumers and investors in the U.S. Our business is also significantly affected by monetary and related policies of the U.S. government and its agencies. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Federal Open Market Committee
 FOMC of the Federal Reserve repeatedly raised their target benchmark interest rate in response to the ongoing inflationary environment in the United States, resulting in subsequent prime rate increases of 425 basis points between March and
 December of 2022. Further increases in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations as it could reduce the demand for loans and affect the ability of our borrowers to repay their
 indebtedness subjecting us to potential loan losses. Changes in any of these policies are beyond our control. Adverse economic conditions and government policy responses to such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and prospects. All of these factors are detrimental to our business, and the interplay between these factors can be complex and unpredictable.

In addition, the inflationary outlook in the United States remains uncertain. Inflation, which at December 31, 2022, has been reported at the highest level in nearly 40 years, and could result in higher interest
 rates, which expose the Company to interest rate risk. In addition, higher interest rates could slow economic growth and lead to a recessionary environment, which could negatively impact the Company s growth, credit quality, net interest margin
 and its financial results. The risks to our business from inflation depends on the durability of the current inflationary pressures in our markets. Transitory increases in inflation are unlikely to have a material impact on our business or
 earnings. However, more persistent inflation could lead to tighter-than-expected monetary policy which could, in turn, increase the borrowings costs of our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations.
 High interest rates may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price pressures, which could also push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in
 an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

24 

Table of Contents 

The Company s Investment Portfolio Could Incur Additional Losses or Fair Value Could Deteriorate.

There are inherent risks associated with the Company s investment activities. These risks include the impact from changes in interest rates, credit risk related to weakness in real estate values,
 municipalities, government sponsored enterprises, or other industries, the impact of changes in income tax rates on the value of tax-exempt securities, adverse changes in regional or national economic conditions, and general turbulence in
 domestic and foreign financial markets, among other things. If an investment s value is in an unrealized loss position, the Company is required to assess the security to determine if a valuation allowance for the credit exposure of the debt
 security is necessary, which is recorded as a charge to earnings. These conditions could adversely impact the ultimate collectability of the Company s investments.

As discussed above, the FOMC repeatedly raised their target benchmark interest rate in 2022, resulting in subsequent prime rate increases of 425 basis points between March and December of 2022,
 and further resulting in a significant increase in market interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022. If market interest rates continue to rise, the market value of the fixed income bond portfolio will decrease, resulting in
 unrealized losses, and depending on the extent of the rise in interest rates, the increase in unrealized losses could be significant over the short-term. The non-credit portion of unrealized losses are booked to Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Income AOCI ), a component of shareholders equity. A significant increase in market rates may have a negative impact on book value per common share and return on average shareholders equity ratios. The Company s bond portfolio is expected to
 mature at par and therefore the unrealized losses in the portfolio that result from higher market interest rates will decrease as the bonds become closer to maturity.

We may grow through acquisitions, a strategy which may not be successful or, if successful, may produce risks in successfully integrating and managing the
 acquisitions and may dilute our shareholders.

As part of our growth strategy, we may pursue acquisitions of banks and nonbank financial services companies within or outside our principal market areas. We regularly identify
 and explore specific acquisition opportunities as part of our ongoing business practices. However, we have no current arrangements, understandings, or agreements to make any material acquisitions. We face significant competition from numerous
 other financial services institutions, many of which will have greater financial resources or more liquid securities than we do, when considering acquisition opportunities. Accordingly, attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to
 us. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or completing any future acquisitions.

Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business. Acquisitions also frequently result in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets, which are
 subject to potential impairments in the future and that could harm our financial results. In addition, if we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity securities, our existing shareholders may be diluted, which could negatively
 affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, if we fail to properly evaluate mergers, acquisitions or investments, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such merger, acquisition, or investment, and we may incur costs in
 excess of what we anticipate. The failure to successfully evaluate and execute mergers, acquisitions or investments or otherwise adequately address these risks could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may not be able to adequately measure and limit our credit risk, which could lead to unexpected losses.

As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our loan customers may not repay their loans according to the terms of these loans and the collateral securing the payment of these
 loans may be insufficient to fully compensate us for the outstanding balance of the loan plus the costs to dispose of the collateral. We may experience significant loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 and financial condition. Management makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the diversification by industry of our commercial loan portfolio, the amount of nonperforming loans and related
 collateral, the volume, growth and composition of our loan portfolio, the effects on the loan portfolio of current economic indicators and their probable impact on borrowers and the evaluation of our loan portfolio through our internal loan
 review process and other relevant factors.

Accordingly, we maintain an allowance for loan losses that represents management s judgment of probable losses and risks inherent in our loan portfolio. There is no precise method
 of predicting loan losses, and therefore, we always face the risk that charge offs in future periods will exceed our allowance for loan losses and that additional increases in the allowance for loan losses will be required. The level of the
 allowance for loan losses reflects our management s continuing evaluation of specific credit risks; loan loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political and regulatory conditions; industry concentrations; and other
 unidentified losses inherent in the Bank s current loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and requires the Bank to make
 significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, increases in our nonperforming loans, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and
 other factors, both within and outside of the Bank s control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses.

In addition, we may further experience increased delinquencies, credit losses, and corresponding charges to capital, which could require us to increase our provision for loan
 losses associated with impacts related to the coronavirus outbreak due to inflationary pressures, quarantines, market downturns, increased unemployment rates, changes in consumer behavior related to pandemic fears, and related emergency response
 legislation, including the Families First Coronavirus Response Act. Further, if real estate markets or the economy in general deteriorate, the Bank may experience increased delinquencies and credit losses. The allowance for loan losses may not be
 sufficient to cover actual loan-related losses. Additionally, banking regulators may require the Bank to increase its allowance for loan losses in the future, which could have a negative effect on the Bank s financial condition and results of
 operations. Additions to the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net earnings and capital and could hinder our ability to grow our assets.

25 

Table of Contents 

In addition, effective January 1, 2023, our methodology for determining our allowance for loan losses changed due to the implementation of the Current Expected Credit Losses, or
 CECL, accounting standard. As a result, we anticipate recognizing a one-time, after tax cumulative effect charge of approximately 900 thousand to retained earnings at the beginning of the first quarter of 2023, increasing the allowance for
 credit losses by approximately 100 thousand and increasing the off-balance sheet reserve for unfunded commitments by approximately 1.0 million. Our adjustment to the allowance for credit losses at the transition date may vary from our estimate
 due to refinements in the loss estimation models or factors.

Many of our loans are to commercial borrowers, which have a higher degree of risk than other types of loans.

As of December 31, 2022, loans to commercial borrowers represent approximately 68.6 of total loans. Loans to commercial borrowers are often larger and involve greater risks than
 other types of lending. Because payments on these loans are often dependent on the successful operation or development of the property or business involved, their repayment is more sensitive than other types of loans to adverse conditions in the
 real estate market or the general economy. In general, these loans are collateralized by real estate and general business assets, including, among other things, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment and are typically backed by a personal
 guaranty of the borrower or principal. The collateral securing such may decline in value more rapidly than we anticipate, exposing us to increased credit risk. Accordingly, a downturn in the real estate market and economy could heighten our risk
 related to commercial loans, particularly commercial real estate loans. Unlike residential mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrowers ability to make repayment from their employment and other income and which are
 secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial loans typically are made on the basis of the borrowers ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the commercial venture. If the cash flow from business
 operations is reduced, the borrowers ability to repay the loan may be impaired. As a result of the larger average size of each commercial loan as compared with other loans such as residential loans, as well as the collateral which is generally
 less readily marketable, losses incurred on a small number of commercial loans could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

We may be subject to additional credit risk with respect to loans that we make to other lenders.

As a part of our commercial lending activities, we may make loans to customers that, in turn, make commercial and residential real estate loans to other borrowers. When we make a
 loan of this nature, we take as collateral the promissory notes issued by the end borrowers to our customer, which are themselves secured by the underlying real estate. Because we are not lending directly to the end borrower, and because our
 collateral is a promissory note rather than the underlying real estate, we may be subject to risks that are different from those we are exposed to when it makes a loan directly that is secured by commercial or residential real estate. Because the
 ability of the end borrower to repay its loan from our customer could affect the ability of our customer to repay its loan from us, our inability to exercise control over the relationship with the end borrower and the collateral, except under
 limited circumstances, could expose us to credit losses that adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Because a portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could
 impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses.

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 69.8 of our loan portfolio was comprised of loans with real estate as a primary component of collateral. Adverse developments affecting
 real estate values, particularly in our markets, could increase the credit risk associated with our real estate loan portfolio. Negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity in our market areas could significantly
 impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses. Collateral may have to be sold for less than the outstanding balance of the loan,
 which could result in losses on such loans. Such declines and losses could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. If real estate values decline, it is also more likely that we would be required
 to increase our allowance for loan losses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our commercial real estate loan portfolio exposes us to risks that may be greater than the risks related to other mortgage loans.

Our loan portfolio includes non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans for individuals and businesses for various purposes, which are secured by commercial properties, as
 well as real estate construction and development loans. As of December 31, 2022, our non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans totaled approximately 38.7 of our total loan portfolio. These loans typically involve repayment dependent upon
 income generated, or expected to be generated, by the property securing the loan in amounts sufficient to cover operating expenses and debt service, which may be adversely affected by changes in the economy or local market conditions. These loans
 expose us to greater credit risk than loans secured by residential real estate because the collateral securing these loans typically cannot be liquidated as easily as residential real estate because there are fewer potential purchasers of the
 collateral. Additionally, non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans generally involve relatively large balances to single borrowers or related groups of borrowers. Accordingly, charge-offs on non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans
 may be larger on a per loan basis than those incurred with our residential or consumer loan portfolios. Unexpected deterioration in the credit quality of our commercial real estate loan portfolio would require us to increase our provision for
 loan losses, which would reduce our profitability, and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

26 

Table of Contents 

Our portfolio of indirect dealer lending exposes us to increased credit risks.

At December 31, 2022, approximately 10.5 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of indirect dealer loans, originated through automobile dealers for the purchase of new or used
 automobiles, as well as recreational vehicles, boats, and personal watercraft. We serve customers that cover a range of creditworthiness and the required terms and rates are reflective of those risk profiles. Auto loans are inherently risky as
 they are often secured by assets that may be difficult to locate and can depreciate rapidly. In some cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted auto loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and the
 remaining deficiency may not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. Auto loan collections depend on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and therefore, are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss,
 divorce, illness, or personal bankruptcy. Additional risk elements associated with indirect lending include the limited personal contact with the borrower as a result of indirect lending through non-bank channels, namely automobile dealers.

The small to medium-sized businesses that we lend to may have fewer resources to weather adverse business conditions, which may impair their ability to repay a
 loan, and such impairment could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our business development and marketing strategies primarily result in us serving the banking and financial services needs of small- to medium-sized businesses. These businesses
 generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional
 capital to expand or compete and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small- to medium-sized business often depends on the
 management skills, talents and efforts of one or two people or a small group of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its
 loans. If general economic conditions negatively impact Texas, New Mexico or the specific markets in these states in which we operate and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected or our borrowers are otherwise affected by adverse
 business conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Agricultural lending and volatility in commodity prices may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

At December 31, 2022, agricultural loans were approximately 2.4 of our total loan portfolio. Agricultural lending involves a greater degree of risk and typically involves higher
 principal amounts than many other types of loans. Repayment is dependent upon the successful operation of the business, which is greatly dependent on many things outside the control of either us or the borrowers. These factors include adverse
 weather conditions that prevent the planting of a crops or limit crop yields (such as hail, drought, fires and floods), loss of livestock due to disease or other factors, declines in market prices for agricultural products (both domestically and
 internationally) and the impact of government regulations (including changes in price supports, subsidies and environmental regulations). Volatility in commodity prices could adversely impact the ability of borrowers in these industries to
 perform under the terms of their borrowing arrangements with us, and as a result, a severe and prolonged decline in commodity prices may have a material adverse effect our financial condition and results of operations. It is also difficult to
 project future commodity prices as they are dependent upon many different factors beyond our control. In addition, many farms are dependent on a limited number of key individuals whose injury or death may significantly affect the successful
 operation of the farm. Consequently, agricultural loans may involve a greater degree of risk than other types of loans, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or secured by rapidly depreciating assets such as farm equipment (some of
 which is highly specialized with a limited or no market for resale), or assets such as livestock or crops. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted agricultural operating loan my not provide an adequate source of repayment of the
 outstanding loan balance as a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss or depreciation or because the assessed value of the collateral exceeds the eventual realization value.

We generate noninterest income through the sale of crop insurance products, and a termination of or substantial changes to the Federal crop insurance program
 would adversely impact our revenues from such business.

Through the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation, the federal government subsidizes insurance companies by assuming an increasingly higher portion of losses incurred by farmers as a
 result of weather-related and other perils as well as commodity price fluctuations. The federal government also subsidizes the premium cost to farmers for multi-peril crop yield and revenue insurance. Without this risk assumption, losses incurred
 by insurers would be higher, increasing the premium on such insurance, and without the premium subsidy, the number of farmers purchasing multi-peril crop insurance would decline significantly. Periodically, members of the U.S. Congress propose to
 significantly reduce the government s involvement in the federal crop insurance program in an effort to reduce government spending. If legislation is adopted to reduce the amount of risk the government assumes, reduce the amount of insurance
 premium subsidies provided to farmers or otherwise change the coverage provided under multi-peril crop insurance policies, purchases of multi-peril crop insurance could experience a significant decline nationwide and in our market areas. For the
 year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank had approximately 10.6 million in noninterest income attributable to sales of crop insurance.

Sustained volatility in oil prices and the energy industry, including in Texas, could lead to increased credit losses in our energy portfolio, weaker demand
 for energy lending, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Although our energy loan portfolio is relatively small, the energy industry is a significant sector in our markets in Texas, and we intend to increase our energy lending. A
 downturn or lack of growth in the energy industry and energy-related business, including sustained low oil prices or the failure of oil prices to rise in the future, could adversely affect our intention to increase our energy lending, and our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to our direct exposure to energy loans, we also have indirect exposure to energy prices, as some of our non-energy customers businesses are directly affected by volatility with
 the oil and gas industry and energy prices. While oil prices have increased in 2022, the oil and gas industry has remained volatile and prolonged volatility may cause further worsening conditions of energy industry and overall economic activities
 in the Company s primary markets and could lead to increased credit stress in its loan portfolio, increased losses and weaker demand for lending. More significantly for the Company, prolonged pricing pressure on oil and gas or general uncertainty
 resulting from energy price volatility could lead to increased credit stress in our energy portfolio, increased losses associated with our energy portfolio, increased utilization of our contractual obligations to extend credit and weaker demand
 for energy lending. Such a decline or general uncertainty could have other adverse and unpredictable impacts, such as job losses in industries tied to energy, increased spending habits, lower borrowing needs, higher transaction deposit balances
 or a number of other effects that are difficult to isolate or quantify, particularly in states with significant dependence on the energy industry like Texas and New Mexico, all of which could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our
 customers to repay their loans, affect the value of any collateral underlying our loans, and generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Due to our geographic concentration, specifically in Texas, we may be less
 able than other larger regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risk across multiple markets.

27 

Table of Contents 

Changes in U.S. trade policies and other factors beyond the Company s control, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, may adversely
 impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

There have been discussions regarding potential changes to U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs. Tariffs and retaliatory tariffs have been imposed, and
 additional tariffs and retaliation tariffs have been proposed. Such tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions on products and materials that our customers import or export could impact the prices of our customers products, which
 could reduce demand for such products, reduce our customers margins, and adversely impact their revenues, financial results and ability to service their debt. In addition, to the extent changes in the political environment have a negative impact
 on us or on the markets in which we operate, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. However, a de minimis amount of collateral securing our loans is located outside of the U.S. A trade war or
 other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies have the potential to negatively impact our and/or our customers costs, demand for our customers products, and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors
 thereof and, thus, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may materially affect the Company s business and results of operations.

The effects of climate change continue to create an alarming level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, the global business community has increased its
 political and social awareness surrounding the issue. Further, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose numerous initiatives to supplement the global effort to combat climate change.
 Similar and even more expansive initiatives are expected under the current administration, including potentially increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks risk management practices, accounting for the effects of climate change in
 stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments, revising expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors and encouraging investment by banks in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities
 disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change. The lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change render it impossible to predict how specifically climate change may impact our
 financial condition and results of operations; however, the physical effects of climate change may also directly impact us. Specifically, unpredictable and more frequent weather disasters may adversely impact the value of real property securing
 the loans in our portfolios. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, or if insurance coverage is otherwise unavailable to our borrowers, the collateral securing our
 loans may be negatively impacted by climate change, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the effects of climate change may negatively impact regional and local economic activity, which could lead to an
 adverse effect on our customers and impact the communities in which we operate. Overall, climate change, its effects and the resulting, unknown impact could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The amount of nonperforming assets may increase and can take significant time and resources to resolve.

Nonperforming assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We generally do not record interest income on nonperforming loans, thereby adversely affecting our income and
 increasing our loan administration costs. When we take collateral in foreclosures and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the related asset to the then fair market value of the collateral, which may ultimately result in a loss. An
 increase in the level of nonperforming assets increases our risk profile and may impact the capital levels our regulators believe are appropriate in light of the ensuing risk profile. While we reduce problem assets through loan workouts,
 restructurings and otherwise, decreases in the value of the underlying collateral, or in these borrowers performance or financial condition, whether or not due to economic and market conditions beyond our control, could adversely affect our
 business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the resolution of nonperforming assets requires significant commitments of time from management, which may materially and adversely impact their ability to perform their other
 responsibilities. There can be no assurance that we will not experience future increases in nonperforming assets.

The properties that we own and certain foreclosed real estate assets could subject us to environmental risks and associated costs.

There is a risk that hazardous substances or wastes, contaminants, pollutants or other environmentally restricted substances could be discovered on our properties or our
 foreclosed assets (particularly with real estate loans). In this event, we might be required to remove the substances from the affected properties or to engage in abatement procedures at our cost. Besides being directly liable under certain
 federal and state statutes for our own conduct, we may also be held liable under certain circumstances for actions of borrowers or other third parties on property that secures our loans. Potential environmental liability could include the cost of
 remediation and also damages for any injuries caused to third parties. We cannot assure you that the cost of removal or abatement would not substantially exceed the value of the affected properties or the loans secured by those properties, that
 we would have adequate remedies against the prior owners or other responsible parties or that we would be able to resell the affected properties either before or after completion of any such removal or abatement procedures. If material
 environmental problems are discovered before foreclosure, we generally will not foreclose on the related collateral or will transfer ownership of the loan to a subsidiary. It should be noted, however, that the transfer of the property or loans to
 a subsidiary may not protect us from environmental liability. Furthermore, despite these actions on our part, the value of the property as collateral will generally be substantially reduced and, as a result, we may suffer a loss upon collection
 of the loan. Currently, we are not, and the Company is not, a party to any pending legal proceeding under any environmental statute, nor are we aware of any instances that may give rise to such liability.

28 

Table of Contents 

Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations and we use estimates in determining the
 fair value of certain of our assets, which estimates may prove to be imprecise and result in significant changes in valuation which could affect our, and thus the Company s, shareholders equity.

A portion of our assets are carried on the balance sheet at fair value, including investment securities. Generally, for assets that are reported at fair value, we use quoted
 market prices or have third parties analyze our holdings and assign a market value. We rely on the analysis provided by our service providers. However, different valuations could be derived if our service providers used different financial models
 or assumptions.

As it relates to our investment securities portfolio, declines in the fair value of individual available-for-sale securities below their cost that are other-than-temporary would
 be included in earnings as realized losses. In estimating other-than-temporary impairment losses, management of the Company considers (i) whether there is intent to sell securities prior to recovery and/or maturity; (ii) whether it is more likely
 than not that securities will have to be sold prior to recovery and/or maturity; and (iii) whether there is a credit loss component to the impairment.

Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities.
 These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect of the securities, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, and changes in market interest rates and continued instability in the capital
 markets. In addition, an economic downturn could result in losses, as determined under our accounting methodologies that may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

Our largest loan relationships make up a material percentage of our total loan portfolio.

We have extended significant amounts of credit to a limited number of borrowers As of December 31, 2022, our 20 largest borrowing relationships ranged from approximately 22.2
 million to 50.9 million (including unfunded commitments) and totaled approximately 18.1 of our outstanding commitments. If any of these relationships become delinquent or suffer default, we could be exposed to material losses which may have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our largest deposit relationships currently make up a material percentage of our deposits and the withdrawal of deposits by our largest depositors could force
 us to fund our business through more expensive and less stable sources.

At December 31, 2022, our 20 largest deposit relationships accounted for approximately 16.7 of our total deposits. Withdrawals of deposits by any one of our largest depositors or
 by one of our related customer groups could force us to rely more heavily on other potentially more expensive and less stable sources of funding for our business and withdrawal demands, adversely affecting our net interest margin and results of
 operations. Additionally, such circumstances could require us to raise deposit rates in an attempt to attract new deposits, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Under applicable regulations, if the Bank were no longer well
 capitalized, the Bank would not be able to accept brokered deposits without the approval of the FDIC.

Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due and could jeopardize our financial condition.

Liquidity is essential to the business of the Bank. Liquidity risk is the potential that the Bank will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability
 to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding. The Bank s access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance its activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired by factors that affect our organization specifically or the financial
 services industry or economy in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of the Bank s business activity as a result of a downturn in the markets in which its loans are
 concentrated or adverse regulatory actions against the Bank. Market conditions or other events could also negatively affect the level or cost of funding, affecting the Bank s ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit
 withdrawals, meet contractual obligations and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences. Any substantial, unexpected and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of
 liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

If, as a result of general economic conditions or other events, sources of external funding become restricted or are eliminated, the Company may not be able to raise adequate
 funds or may incur substantially higher funding costs in order to raise the necessary funds to support the Company s operations and growth or may be required to sell or restrict operations, or restrict the payment of dividends. Furthermore, if
 the Company is unable to raise adequate funds through external sources, the Company may need to sell assets with unrealized losses in order to generate additional liquidity, which could decrease the capital of the Company and have an adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Customers could pursue alternatives to bank deposits, causing us to lose a relatively inexpensive source of funding.

Technology has made it more convenient for bank customers to transfer funds into alternative investments or other deposit accounts, including products offered by other financial
 institutions or non-bank service providers. In addition, our level of deposits may be affected by lack of consumer confidence in financial institutions, which have caused fewer depositors to be willing to maintain deposits that are not fully
 insured by the FDIC. Depositors may withdraw certain deposits from the Bank and place them in other institutions or invest uninsured funds in investments perceived as being more secure, such as securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. In the
 current environment of low interest rates, our deposits may not be as stable or as interest rate insensitive as similar deposits may have been in the past, and some existing or prospective deposit customers of banks generally, including the Bank,
 may be inclined to pursue other investment alternatives, which may negatively impact our net interest margin. Efforts and initiatives we undertake to retain and increase deposits, including deposit pricing, can increase our costs. As our assets
 grow, we may face increasing pressure to seek new deposits through expanded channels from new customers at favorable pricing, further increasing our costs.

29 

Table of Contents 

We continually encounter technological changes which could result in us having fewer resources than many of our competitors to continue to invest in
 technological improvements.

The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Many of our
 competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively or timely implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services
 to our customers and clients. Failure to keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate.

The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBOR) previously announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the
 calculation of LIBOR after December 31, 2021 and the publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be published after June 2023. While there is no consensus on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives
 to LIBOR, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee has proposed the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the alternative rate for use in derivatives and other financial contracts currently being indexed to LIBOR. SOFR is a daily index of
 the interest rate banks and hedge funds pay to borrow money overnight, secured by U.S. Treasury securities. At this time, it is not possible to predict whether SOFR will attain market traction as a LIBOR replacement tool, and the future of LIBOR
 is still uncertain.

In October 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a Joint Statement on Managing the LIBOR Transition. In that guidance, the agencies offered their regulatory
 expectations and outlined potential supervisory and enforcement consequences for banks that fail to adequately plan for and implement the transition away from LIBOR. The failure to properly transition away from LIBOR may result in increased
 supervisory scrutiny. In addition, the implementation of LIBOR reform proposals may result in increased compliance costs and operational costs, including costs related to continued participation in LIBOR and the transition to a replacement
 reference rate or rates. We cannot reasonably estimate the expected cost. At December 31, 2022, we had interest-rate swap contracts and other borrowings indexed to LIBOR.

Deposit outflows may increase reliance on borrowings and brokered deposits as sources of funds.

We have traditionally funded asset growth principally through deposits and borrowings. As a general matter, deposits are typically a lower cost source of funds than external
 wholesale funding (brokered deposits and borrowed funds), because interest rates paid for deposits are typically less than interest rates charged for wholesale funding. If, as a result of competitive pressures, market interest rates, alternative
 investment opportunities that present more attractive returns to customers, general economic conditions or other events, the balance of the Company s deposits decreases relative to the Company s overall banking operations, the Company may have to
 rely more heavily on wholesale or other sources of external funding, or may have to increase deposit rates to maintain deposit levels in the future. Any such increased reliance on wholesale funding, or increases in funding rates in general, could
 have a negative impact on the Company s net interest income and, consequently, on its results of operations and financial condition.

We may be adversely impacted by an economic downturn or a natural disaster affecting one or more of our market areas.

Because most of our business activities are conducted in Texas and New Mexico and most of our credit exposure is there, we are at risk to adverse economic, political or
 business developments, including a downturn in real estate values, agricultural activities, the oil and gas industry and natural hazards such as floods, ice storms and tornadoes that affect Texas and New Mexico. Although our customers business
 and financial interests may extend beyond these market areas, adverse conditions that affect these market areas could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay loans, affect the value of collateral underlying loans,
 impact our ability to attract deposits, and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because of our geographic concentration, we may be less able than other financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across
 multiple markets.

Mortgage originations have decreased due to declines in refinance activity, and this trend may continue.

Mortgage revenues, which are primarily recognized from the sale in the secondary market of mortgage loans, are a source of noninterest income for the Bank and a contributor to
 the Bank s net income. Mortgage revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 31.4 million. As market interest rates have increased from the prior low rate environment, there may be fewer opportunities for financial institutions to
 originate loans to refinance existing mortgages. If mortgage originations continue to decrease, projected mortgage revenues and noninterest income will decrease.

Market conditions could have a material impact on our ability to sell originated mortgages in the secondary market.

In addition to being affected by interest rates, the secondary mortgage markets are also subject to investor demand for residential mortgage loans and increased investor yield
 requirements for those loans. These conditions may fluctuate or even worsen in the future. A reduction in our ability to sell mortgages that we originate on the secondary market would reduce our noninterest income from such sales and may increase
 our credit risk by causing us to retain mortgage loans that we would otherwise sell. As a result, a prolonged period of secondary market illiquidity may result in a reduction in our mortgage origination volumes which, in turn, could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation from our mortgage operations.

30 

Table of Contents 

The value of our mortgage servicing rights can be volatile.

We earn revenue from fees we receive for servicing mortgage loans. As a result of our mortgage servicing business, we have a growing portfolio of mortgage servicing rights. A
 mortgage servicing right is the right to service a mortgage loan collect principal, interest, and escrow amounts for a fee. We acquire mortgage servicing rights when we keep the servicing rights in connection with the sale of loans we have
 originated.

Changes in interest rates may impact our mortgage servicing revenues, which could negatively impact our noninterest income. When rates rise, net revenue from our mortgage
 servicing activities can increase due to slower prepayments. When rates fall, the value of our mortgage servicing rights usually tends to decline as a result of a higher volume of prepayments, resulting in a decline in our net revenue. It is
 possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak or deteriorating housing market, even if interest rates were to fall or remain low, mortgage originations may also fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to
 offset the decrease in the mortgage servicing rights value caused by the lower rates. Because the value of our mortgage servicing rights is capitalized on our balance sheet and evaluated on a quarterly basis, any significant decline in value
 could adversely affect our income, our capital ratios or require us to raise additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms. We had 27.5 million of mortgage servicing rights as of December 31, 2022.

Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks or losses to us.

Our risk management framework consists of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risks to which we are subject, including credit,
 market, liquidity, interest rate, operational, reputation, business and compliance risks. Our framework also includes financial or other modeling methodologies that involve management assumptions and judgment. Our risk management framework may
 not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate risk or loss to us. If our framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial condition, results of operations or growth prospects
 could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences.

We are dependent on the use of data and modeling in our management s decision-making and faulty data or modeling approaches could negatively impact our
 decision-making ability or possibly subject us to regulatory scrutiny in the future.

The use of statistical and quantitative models and other quantitative analyses is endemic to bank decision-making, and the employment of such analyses is becoming increasingly
 widespread in our operations. Stress testing, interest rate sensitivity analysis, and the identification of possible violations of anti-money laundering regulations are all examples of areas in which we are dependent on models and the data that
 underlies them. The use of statistical and quantitative models is also becoming more prevalent in regulatory compliance. We currently utilize stress testing for capital, credit and liquidity purposes and anticipate that model-derived testing may
 become more extensively implemented by regulators in the future.

We anticipate data-based modeling will penetrate further into bank decision-making, particularly risk management efforts, as the capacities developed to meet stress testing
 requirements are able to be employed more widely and in differing applications. While we believe these quantitative techniques and approaches improve our decision-making, they also create the possibility that faulty data or flawed quantitative
 approaches could negatively impact our decision-making ability or result in adverse regulatory scrutiny. Secondarily, because of the complexity inherent in these approaches, misunderstanding or misuse of their outputs could similarly result in
 suboptimal decision-making. We seek to mitigate this risk by increasingly performing back-testing to analyze the accuracy of these techniques and approaches.

There are investment performance, fiduciary and asset servicing risks associated with our trust operations.

Our investment management, fiduciary and asset servicing businesses are significant to the business of the Company. Generating returns that satisfy clients in a variety of
 asset classes is important to maintaining existing business and attracting new business. Managing or servicing assets with reasonable prudence in accordance with the terms of governing documents and applicable laws is also important to client
 satisfaction. Failure to do so can generate liability, as can failure to manage the differing interests often involved in the exercise of fiduciary responsibilities or the failure to manage these risks adequately, all of which could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects.

We are exposed to cybersecurity risks associated with our internet-based systems and online commerce security.

Third party or internal systems and networks may fail to operate properly or become disabled due to deliberate attacks or unintentional events. Our operations are vulnerable to
 disruptions from human error, natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, spam attacks, denial of service attacks, unauthorized access and other unforeseen events. Undiscovered data corruption could render our customer information
 inaccurate. These events may obstruct our ability to provide services and process transactions. While we believe we are in compliance with all applicable privacy and data security laws, an incident could put our customer confidential information
 at risk. Although we have not experienced a cyber-incident which has compromised our data or systems, we can never be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to breaches of security or other technological difficulties
 or failures. We monitor and modify, as necessary, our protective measures in response to the perpetual evolution of cyber threats.

A breach in the security of any of our information systems, or other cyber incident, could have an adverse impact on, among other things, our revenue, ability to attract and
 maintain customers and business reputation. In addition, as a result of any breach, we could incur higher costs to conduct our business, to increase protection or related to remediation. Furthermore, our customers could terminate their accounts
 with us because of a cyber-incident which occurred on their own system or with that of an unrelated third party, which is outside of our control. In addition, a security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us
 to civil litigation and possible financial liability.

Our operations could be interrupted if our third-party service providers experience difficulty, terminate their services or fail to comply with banking
 regulations.

31 

Table of Contents 

We depend on a number of relationships with third-party service providers. Specifically, we receive certain third-party services including, but not limited to, core systems
 processing, essential web hosting and other Internet systems, online banking services, deposit processing and other processing services. If these third-party service providers experience difficulties or terminate their services, and we are unable
 to replace them with other service providers, particularly on a timely basis, our operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations
 could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. Even if we are able to replace third-party service providers, it may be at a higher cost to us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to certain operating risks related to employee error and customer, employee and third party misconduct, which could harm our reputation and
 business.

Employee error or employee and customer misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and harm our reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include
 hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee error or misconduct, and the precautions we take to
 prevent and detect this activity may not always be effective. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Our
 necessary dependence upon processing systems to record and process transactions and our large transaction volume may further increase the risk that employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are
 difficult to detect. Employee error or misconduct could also subject us to financial claims. If our internal control systems fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured, exceeds applicable insurance limits or
 if insurance coverage is denied or not available, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We rely heavily on our management team and the unexpected loss of key officers may adversely affect our operations.

Our success has been and will continue to be greatly influenced by our ability to retain the services of existing senior management and, as we expand, to attract and retain
 qualified additional senior and middle management. Our senior executive officers have had, and will continue to have, a significant role in the development and management of our business. The loss of services of any of our executive officers
 could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Accordingly, should we lose the services of any of the executive officers, our Board may have to search outside of the Bank for a qualified permanent replacement. This search may
 be prolonged and we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate and hire a qualified replacement. If any of our executive officers leave their respective positions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future
 prospects may suffer. We also depend upon the experience of the other officers of the Bank, the managers of our banking facilities and on their relationships with the communities they serve. We may not be able to retain our current personnel or
 attract additional qualified key persons as needed.

Our ability to develop, retain and recruit additional successful bankers is critical to the success of our business strategy, and any failure to do so could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

Our ability to retain and grow our loans, deposits and fee income depends upon the business generation capabilities, reputation and relationship management skills of our bankers,
 many of whom we develop internally. If we lose the services of any of our bankers, including successful bankers employed by financial institutions that we may acquire, to a new or existing competitor or otherwise, or fail to successfully recruit
 bankers or develop bankers internally, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy, retain valuable relationships and some of our customers could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. Additionally, we may
 incur significant expenses and expend significant time and resources on training, integration and business development before it is able to determine whether a new banker will be profitable or effective. If we are unable to develop, attract or
 retain successful bankers, or if our bankers fail to meet our expectations in terms of customer relationships and profitability, we may be unable to execute our business strategy and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 future prospects may be adversely affected.

Competition from other financial intermediaries may adversely affect our profitability.

We face substantial competition in originating loans and in attracting deposits. The competition in originating loans comes principally from other U.S. banks, mortgage banking
 companies, consumer finance companies, credit unions, insurance companies and other institutional lenders and purchasers of loans. We will encounter greater competition as we expand our operations. A number of institutions with which we compete
 have significantly greater assets, capital and other resources. Increased competition could require us to increase the rates we pay on deposits or lower the rates we offer on loans, which could adversely affect our profitability. Also, many of
 our non-bank competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. We expect competition to intensify due to financial institution consolidation; legislative, regulatory and technological changes; and the emergence of
 alternative banking sources. Furthermore, our legal lending limit is significantly less than the limits for many of our competitors, and this may hinder our ability to establish relationships with larger businesses in our primary service area.
 This competition may limit our future growth and earnings prospects.

32 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report its financial results or prevent fraud.

Our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective due to our failure to cure any identified material weakness or otherwise. Moreover,
 even if our management concludes that its internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may not conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. In addition,
 during the course of the evaluation, documentation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Federal Deposit
 Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the FDICIA for compliance with the requirement of FDICIA. Any such deficiencies may also subject us to adverse regulatory consequences. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our
 internal control over financial reporting, as these standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that
 we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the FDICIA, and we may suffer adverse regulatory consequences or violations of listing standards. There could also be a negative reaction in
 the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.

The obligations associated with being a public company require significant resources and management attention.

We expect to incur significant incremental costs related to operating as a public company, particularly when we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. We are subject to
 the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which require that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition and proxy and other information statements, and the rules and regulations
 implemented by the SEC, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB and NASDAQ, each of which imposes additional reporting and other obligations. We expect these rules and regulations
 and changes in laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure to increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming and costly. These laws, regulations and standards
 are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters
 and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. Our investment in compliance with existing and evolving regulatory requirements will result in increased administrative expenses and a diversion of
 management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our equity compensation plan will cause dilution and increase our costs, which will reduce our income.

Our equity compensation plan allows us to award shares of our common stock (at no cost to the participant), award options to purchase shares of our common stock, and award other
 equity-based compensation. Additionally, on an annual basis and without shareholder approval, the number of approved shares available for issuance under the equity compensation plan increases by 3 of our total issued and outstanding shares as of
 the beginning of that fiscal year unless our Board exercises its discretion to limit such an increase. Issuance of awards under our equity compensation plan is a risk factor our shareholders in at least two ways. First, issuances of our common
 stock and exercise of equity-based awards underlying our common stock causes dilution of shareholders ownership interests which, in the aggregate, may be significant. Second, issuances of our common stock and other equity-based awards are
 expensed by us over their vesting period at the fair market value of the shares on the date they are awarded. Accordingly, grants made under the equity compensation plan will increase our costs, which will reduce our net income.

Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and adversely impact our earnings.

Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or
 alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion
 can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and employees and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action and adversely affect our results of operations. Although we take steps to minimize reputational risk in dealing
 with our customers and communities, this risk will always be present given the nature of our business. In addition, companies are facing increased scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their
 environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and
 safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. For example, certain investors are beginning to incorporate the business risks of climate change and the adequacy of companies responses to climate change and other ESG matters as part of
 their investment theses. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the Company s common stock if investors determine that the Company has not made sufficient progress on ESG matters. In addition,
 new government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. Increased ESG-related compliance costs could result in increases to our
 overall operational costs.

We may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions.

Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services
 companies are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, and other relationships. We have exposure to different industries and counterparties, and through transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry,
 including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other financial intermediaries. In addition, we participate in loans originated by other institutions, and we participate in syndicated transactions (including shared national
 credits) in which other lenders serve as the lead bank. As a result, defaults by, declines in the financial condition of, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial institutions, financial service companies or the financial services
 industry generally, may lead to market-wide liquidity, asset quality or other problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. These problems, losses or defaults could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

33 

Table of Contents 

Until May 31, 2018, our Company was an S Corporation, and claims of taxing authorities related to our prior status as an S Corporation could harm us. 

Until May 31, 2018, our Company was an S Corporation. Effective May 31, 2018, the Company revoked its S Corporation election and the Company became taxed as a C Corporation under
 the provisions of Sections 301 to 385 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (which treat the corporation as an entity that is subject to an entity level U.S. federal income tax). If the unaudited, open tax years in which
 we were an S Corporation are audited by the IRS, and we are determined not to have qualified for, or to have violated, our S Corporation status, we likely would be obligated to pay corporate level tax, plus interest and possible penalties, with
 respect to those open tax years. This could result in tax liability with respect to all of the income we reported for periods when we believed we properly were treated as an S Corporation not subject to entity level taxation. Any such claims
 could result in additional costs to us and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment

We operate in a highly regulated environment and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and
 accounting principles, or changes in them, or failure to comply with them, could adversely affect us.

We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and legal requirements that govern almost all aspects of our operations. These laws and regulations are not intended to protect
 our shareholders. Rather, these laws and regulations are intended to protect customers, depositors, the DIF and the overall financial stability of the banking system in the United States. Compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and
 costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulations, including the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, subject us to additional restrictions, oversight and
 reporting obligations, which have significantly increased costs. And over the last several years, state and federal regulators have focused on enhanced risk management practices, mortgage law and regulation, compliance with the BSA and AML laws,
 data integrity and security, use of service providers, and fair lending and other consumer protection issues, which has increased our need to build additional processes and infrastructure. Government agencies charged with adopting and
 interpreting laws and regulations may do so in an unforeseen manner, including in ways that potentially expand the reach of the laws or regulations more than initially contemplated or currently anticipated. We cannot predict the substance or
 impact of pending or future legislation or regulation, or the application thereof. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure follows good faith effort or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us
 to restrictions on our business activities, fines and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base and the price of our securities. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance
 more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to commercial real estate lending guidance issued by the federal banking regulators that impacts our operations and capital requirements.

The federal bank regulators have issued final guidance regarding concentrations in commercial real estate lending directed at institutions that have concentrations of ADC loans
 and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans within their lending portfolios. In general, the guidance establishes the following supervisory criteria as preliminary indications of possible concentration risk: (1) the institution s total
 ADC loans represent 100 or more of total capital; or (2) total non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans represent 300 or more of total capital, and such loans have increased by 50 or more during the prior 36-month period. This guidance
 suggests that institutions whose commercial real estate loans exceed these guidelines should implement heightened risk management practices appropriate to their concentration risk and may be required to maintain higher capital ratios than
 institutions with lower concentrations in commercial real estate lending. As of December 31, 2022, our ADC loans comprised 99.8 of the Bank s capital, and our non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans comprised 256.2 of the Bank s
 capital. Although we are below the concentrations set forth in the guidance, we cannot guarantee that any risk management practices we implement will be effective to prevent losses relating to our commercial real estate portfolio. Management has
 implemented controls to monitor the Bank s commercial real estate lending concentrations, but we cannot predict the extent to which this guidance will impact our operations or capital requirements.

Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future may increase our costs and impact our business, governance structure, financial condition or
 results of operations.

New proposals for legislation continue to be introduced in the U.S. Congress that could further substantially increase regulation of the financial services industry, impose
 restrictions on the operations and general ability of firms within the industry to conduct business consistent with historical practices, including in the areas of compensation, interest rates, financial product offerings and disclosures, and
 have an effect on bankruptcy proceedings with respect to consumer residential real estate mortgages, among other things. Certain aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes, including laws applicable to the financial industry
 and federal and state taxation, if enacted or adopted, may impact the profitability of our business activities, require more oversight or change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products, obtain financing,
 attract deposits, make loans and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. These changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to
 make any necessary changes to operations to comply, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any proposed legislative or regulatory changes, including those that could
 benefit our business, financial condition and results of operations, may not occur on the timeframe that is proposed, or at all, which could result in additional uncertainty for our business.

Many of our new activities and expansion plans require regulatory approvals, and failure to obtain them may restrict our growth.

Generally, we must receive federal regulatory approval before we can acquire an FDIC-insured depository institution or related business. Such regulatory approvals may not be
 granted on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. We may also be required to sell banking locations as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which condition may not be acceptable to us or, if acceptable to us, may reduce the benefit
 of any acquisition. In addition, as opportunities arise, we may continue de novo branching as a part of our expansion strategy. De novo branching and acquisitions carry with them numerous risks, including the inability to obtain all required
 regulatory approvals. The failure to obtain these regulatory approvals for potential future strategic acquisitions and de novo banking locations could impact our business plans and restrict our growth.

34 

Table of Contents 

The Federal Reserve may require the Company to commit capital resources to support the Bank.

The Dodd-Frank Act and the Federal Reserve require a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to
 support such subsidiary bank. Accordingly, a capital injection may be required to provide financial assistance to the Bank if it experiences financial distress. Such capital injection may be required at times when the Company may not have the
 resources to provide and therefore may be required to borrow the funds or raise capital to make the required capital injection. Any borrowing by the Company in order to make the required capital injection may be more difficult and expensive and
 may adversely impact the Company s financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects.

As a regulated entity, we and the Bank must maintain certain required levels of regulatory capital that may limit our and the Bank s operations and potential
 growth.

We and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the FDIC and the Federal Reserve, respectively. See Supervision and Regulation Regulatory
 Capital Requirements. Many factors affect the calculation of our risk-based assets and our ability to maintain the level of capital required to achieve acceptable capital ratios. For example, any increases in our risk-weighted assets will
 require a corresponding increase in our capital to maintain the applicable ratios. In addition, recognized loan losses in excess of amounts reserved for such losses, loan impairments, impairment losses on securities and other factors will
 decrease our capital, thereby reducing the level of the applicable ratios. Our failure to remain well-capitalized for bank regulatory purposes, either under the existing capital requirements or under the CBLR framework, if applicable, could
 affect customer confidence, our ability to grow, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs, the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company, the Company s ability to pay dividends on its common stock, our ability to make acquisitions, and on
 our business, results of operations and financial condition. Under regulatory rules, if we cease to be a well-capitalized institution for bank regulatory purposes, the interest rates that we pay on deposits and our ability to accept brokered
 deposits may be restricted.

Bank regulatory agencies periodically examine our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory
 actions to which we become subject as a result of such examinations could materially and adversely affect us.

Our regulators periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that
 our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were, or our management was, in violation of any law or regulation, they
 may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice,
 to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil money penalties against us, our officers or directors, to fine or remove officers and directors and,
 if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate the Bank s FDIC deposit insurance and place the Bank into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against
 us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If we fail to maintain sufficient capital under regulatory requirements, whether due to losses, an inability to raise additional capital or otherwise, that
 failure could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our ability to maintain regulatory compliance.

We must meet regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity. The Company s ability to raise additional capital, when and if needed to support the Bank, will
 depend on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor preferences regarding the banking industry and market condition and governmental activities, many of which are outside the
 Company s control, and on the Company s financial condition and performance. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to the Company. If we fail to meet these capital and other
 regulatory requirements, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could have serious reputational consequences for us.

The BSA, the USA PATRIOT Act, the National Defense Authorization Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain
 effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of
 those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal bank regulators, as well as the DOJ, Drug Enforcement Administration and IRS. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules
 enforced by the OFAC. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we could be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain
 regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering
 and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us.

Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information
 and adversely affect our business opportunities.

35 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and we could be negatively
 impacted by these laws. Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain
 circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the U.S. are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our
 current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. This
 could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. This includes increased privacy-related enforcement activity at the federal level by the Federal Trade Commission, as
 well as at the state level. Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting customer or employee data to which we are subject could result
 in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions or results of operations. Our failure to comply
 with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We face increased risk under the terms of the CRA, as we accept additional deposits in new geographic markets.

Under the terms of the CRA, each appropriate federal bank regulatory agency is required, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess such bank s record in assessing
 and meeting the credit needs of the communities served by that bank, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. During these examinations, the regulatory agency rates such bank s compliance with the CRA as Outstanding, Satisfactory, 
 Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance. The regulatory agency s assessment of the institution s record is part of the regulatory agency s consideration of applications to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking institution
 or its holding company, or to open or relocate a branch office. As we accept additional deposits in new geographic markets, we will be required to maintain an acceptable CRA rating. Maintaining an acceptable CRA rating may become more difficult
 as our deposits increase across new geographic markets.

We are subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties.

Federal and state fair lending laws and regulations, such as the ECOA, and the FHA, impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The DOJ, CFPB and
 other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. A
 successful challenge to our performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact our rating under the CRA and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties,
 injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on merger and acquisition activity and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our financial condition, earnings and asset quality could be adversely affected if our consumer facing operations do not operate in compliance with applicable
 regulations.

While all aspects of our operations are subject to detailed and complex compliance regimes, those portions of our lending operations which most directly deal with consumers pose
 particular challenges given the emphasis on consumer compliance by bank regulators at all levels. Residential mortgage lending raises significant compliance risks resulting from the detailed and complex nature of mortgage lending regulations
 imposed by federal regulatory agencies, and the relatively independent operating environment in which mortgage lending officers operate. In addition, some regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance,
 even if noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional. As a result, despite the education, compliance training, supervision and oversight we exercise in these areas, failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, even if noncompliance
 is inadvertent or unintentional, could result in the Bank being strictly liable for restitution or damages to individual borrowers and could expose the Bank to other regulatory enforcement activity.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

An active public trading market may not be sustained.

We completed the initial public offering, and the Company s common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, in May 2019. An active trading market for shares of our
 common stock may not be sustained. If an active trading market is not sustained, you may have difficulty selling your shares of our common stock at an attractive price, or at all. Consequently, you may not be able to sell your shares of our
 common stock at or above an attractive price at the time that you would like to sell.

The market price of our common stock could be volatile and may fluctuate significantly, which could cause the value of an investment in our common stock to
 decline, result in losses to our shareholders and litigation against us.

The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In
 addition, if the market for stocks in our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or
 results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits. Despite unsuccessful, as in the past, securities class action lawsuits have been instituted against some companies
 following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We could in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our
 normal business, which could adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition.

36 

Table of Contents 

Future equity issuances, including through our current or any future equity compensation plans, could result in dilution, which could cause the price of our
 shares of common stock to decline.

We may issue additional shares of our common stock in the future pursuant to current or future equity compensation plans, upon conversions of preferred stock or debt, upon
 exercise of warrants or in connection with future acquisitions or financings. We may seek to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing additional shares of our common stock. If we choose to raise
 capital by selling shares of our common stock, or securities convertible into shares of our common stock, for any reason, the issuance could have a dilutive effect on the holders of our common stock and could have a material negative effect on
 the market price of our common stock.

We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect
 holders of our common stock.

Although there are currently no shares of our preferred stock outstanding, our certificate of formation authorizes us to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of one or more series of
 preferred stock. The Board has the power to set the terms of any series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, conversion rights, preferences over our voting common stock with respect to dividends or in the event of a
 dissolution, liquidation or winding up and other terms. If we issue preferred stock in the future that has preference over our common stock with respect to payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue
 preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of our common stock, the rights of the holders of our common stock or the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected.

Our directors and executive officers have significant control over our business.

Due to the significant ownership interests of our directors and executive officers, our directors and executive officers are able to significantly affect our management, affairs
 and policies. For example, our directors and executive officers may be able to influence the outcome of the election of directors and the potential outcome of other matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, such as mergers, the sale of
 substantially all of our assets and other extraordinary corporate matters. In addition, pursuant to a separate Board Representation Agreement, dated March 7, 2019, between the Company and James C. Henry, for so long as Mr. Henry or his spouse, or
 a lineal descendant of the Henry s, or an entity formed for their benefit, holds in aggregate 5.0 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, the Company must nominate their representative to serve on the Board of each of the Company and
 the Bank, subject to any required regulatory and shareholder approvals. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for additional information.

Our bylaws have an exclusive forum provision, which could limit a shareholder s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our
 directors, officers or other employees.

Our bylaws have an exclusive forum provision providing that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas,
 Lubbock Division, or in the event that such court lacks jurisdiction to hear the action, the District Courts of the County of Lubbock, Texas, are the sole and exclusive forum for certain causes of action, which may limit a shareholder s ability
 to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision to be
 inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 growth prospects.

Our dividend policy may change without notice, and our future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions.

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such cash dividends as our Board may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Any declaration and payment
 of dividends on our common stock will depend upon our earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the general economic and regulatory climate, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to our common
 stock and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. Furthermore, consistent with our strategic plans, growth initiatives, capital availability, projected liquidity needs and other factors, we have made, and will continue to make, capital
 management decisions and policies that could adversely affect the amount of dividends, if any, paid to our common shareholders. The Federal Reserve has also issued guidance requiring that we inform and consult with the Federal Reserve prior to
 declaring and paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in an adverse change to our capital structure, including interest on any debt obligations. Finally, if required
 payments on our debt obligations are not made, or dividends on any preferred stock we may issue are not paid, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock.

We are a bank holding company and our only source of cash, other than issuances of securities, is distributions from the Bank.

Our principal source of funds to pay distributions on our common stock and service any of our obligations, other than further issuances of securities, would be dividends received
 from the Bank. Furthermore, the Bank is not obligated to pay dividends to us, and any dividends paid to us would depend on the earnings or financial condition of the Bank and various business and regulatory considerations.

37 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive
 to investors.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act ), and we have taken advantage of certain reduced regulatory and reporting
 requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years after the date of our initial public offering, unless we earlier cease
 to be an emerging growth company, which would occur if our annual gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion, if we issue more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period or if we become a large accelerated filer, in which case we
 would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. Investors and securities analysts may find it more difficult to evaluate our common stock because we may rely on one or more of these exemptions, and, as a result,
 investor confidence and the market price of our common stock may be materially and adversely affected.

An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit and is subject to risk of loss.

An investment in our common stock is not a bank deposit and is not insured against loss or guaranteed by the FDIC, any deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private
 entity. As a result, you could lose some or all of your investment.

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2.

Properties

The Company s corporate offices are located at 5219 City Bank Parkway, Lubbock, Texas. The Company s corporate office space also serves as the main office of, and is owned by,
 the Bank. The Bank currently operates full-service banking branches and mortgage offices in the following markets:

Lubbock/South Plains

Dallas/Ft. Worth

Location

Branch or LPO

Location

Branch or LPO

Lubbock

Main Branch

Plano

Branch

Lubbock

4 th Street Branch

Dallas

Uptown Branch

Lubbock

50 th and Indiana Branch

Forney

Branch

Lubbock

Kingsgate Branch

Arlington

LPO

Lubbock

Milwaukee Branch

Dallas

Hillcrest LPO

Lubbock

Overton Branch

Ft. Worth

LPO

Lubbock

University Branch

Grand Prairie

LPO

Morton

Branch

Southlake

LPO

Idalou

Branch

Levelland

Branch

El Paso

Houston

Location

Branch or LPO

Location

Branch or LPO

El Paso

East Branch

Houston

Branch

El Paso

West Branch

El Paso

Mesa Hills LPO

Bryan/College Station

Ruidoso, New Mexico

Location

Branch or LPO

Location

Branch or LPO

College Station

Branch

Ruidoso

Gateway Branch

College Station

LPO

Ruidoso

River Crossing Branch

The Permian Basin

Other Markets

Location

Branch or LPO

Location

Branch or LPO

Odessa

University Branch

Abilene, Texas

LPO

Odessa

Grandview Branch

Austin, Texas

LPO

Midland

Branch

Dripping Springs, Texas

LPO

Kermit

Branch

Waco, Texas

LPO

Fort Stockton

Branch

Monahans

Branch

We lease certain of our banking facilities and believe that the leases to which we are subject are generally on terms consistent with prevailing market terms, and none of the leases are with our
 directors, officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our voting securities or any affiliates of the foregoing. We believe that our facilities are in good condition and are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future.

38 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

As previously disclosed, in response to a Notice of Termination received from Kasasa, Ltd. f/k/a Moneyvue Financial, Inc., Bankvue Financial, Inc., and BancVue, Ltd. Kasasa purporting to terminate a Software License and Maintenance Agreement (the Software License Agreement ), Trademark License Agreement (the Trademark License Agreement ), and Addendum to Software License Agreement Addendum between the
 Company s wholly-owned banking subsidiary City Bank (the Bank and Kasasa, the Bank filed suit against Kasasa in Travis County, Texas, styled City Bank v. Kasasa, Ltd., Cause No. D-1-GN-20-003630, 53rd Judicial District, Travis County, Texas.

On or about September 23, 2022, the parties entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release (the Settlement Agreement ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to the
 settlement and release of all claims related to the Software License Agreement, Trademark License Agreement, and Addendum, including all claims and counterclaims in the lawsuit. Thereafter, the parties filed a joint motion to dismiss with
 prejudice and the court formally dismissed the case by order dated October 7, 2022.

From time to time, the Company or the Bank is a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Except as described above, we are not
 presently involved in any other litigation, nor to our knowledge is any litigation threatened against us, that in management s opinion would result in any material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations or that is not
 expected to be covered by insurance.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

Part II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information for Common Stock

The Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Quotations of the sales volume and the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock are listed daily
 under the symbol SPFI in NASDAQ s listings.

Holders of Record

As of March 8, 2023, there were approximately 179 holders of record of the Company s common stock.

Dividends

The Company paid dividends of 0.11, 0.11, 0.12, and 0.12 per common share in the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2022, respectively. Additionally, the Company
 paid a dividend of 0.13 per common share in the first quarter of 2023. Also, see Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Dividend Payments, Stock Redemptions and Repurchases and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of the
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Requirements of this Report for restrictions on our present or future ability to pay dividends, particularly those restrictions arising under federal and
 state banking laws.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table sets forth information at December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our common stock may be issued.

Plan Category

Number of Shares to be

 Issued Upon Exercise of

 Outstanding Awards

Weighted-Average

 Exercise Price of

 Outstanding Awards

Number of Shares

 Available for

 Future Grants

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders (1) 

1,438,531

15.17

1,649,373

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders

Total

1,438,531

15.17

1,649,373

(1) 

The number of shares available for future issuance includes 1,649,373 shares available under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (which allows for the issuance of options, as well as various other
 stock-based awards).

Issuer Purchases of Securities

On October 29, 2021, the Company approved a stock repurchase program pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, purchase up to 10.0 million of its outstanding
 shares of common stock (the Program ). The shares could be repurchased from time to time in privately negotiated transactions or the open market, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, and in accordance with applicable regulations of
 the SEC. The timing and exact amount of any repurchases depended on various factors including, the performance of the Company s stock price, general market and other conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The Program had
 an expiration date of November 6, 2022.

39 

Table of Contents 

On May 18, 2022, the Company s board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program for up to 15.0 million of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock
 (the New Repurchase Program ). The New Repurchase Program began on the date on which the existing stock repurchase program expired due to depletion of funds previously allocated to it and has an expiration date of May 21, 2023, subject to
 earlier termination or extension of the New Repurchase Program by the Board. The shares could be repurchased from time to time in privately negotiated transactions or the open market, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, and in
 accordance with applicable regulations of the SEC. The timing and exact amount of any repurchases depended on various factors including, the performance of the Company s stock price, general market and other conditions, applicable legal
 requirements and other factors. The New Repurchase Program terminated in December 2022 after all allocated funds had been spent.

The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022.

Total Shares

 Repurchased

Average Price

 Paid Per Share

Total Dollar Amount

 Purchased Pursuant to

 Publicly-Announced Plans

Maximum Dollar Amount

 Remaining Available for

 Repurchase Pursuant to

 Publicly-Announced Plans

October 2022

64,799

28.79

1,865,289

1,929,500

November 2022

2,457

30.29

74,416

1,855,084

December 2022

62,933

29.48

1,855,084

Total

130,189

Stock Performance Graph

The following performance graph compares total stockholders return on the Company s common stock for the period beginning at the close of trading on May 9, 2019 and for the last
 trading date of each year from 2019 to 2022, with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 and the S P United States BMI Banks Index for the same periods. Cumulative total return is computed by dividing the difference between the
 Company s share price at the end and the beginning of the measurement period by the share price at the beginning of the measurement period. The performance graph assumes 100 is invested on May 9, 2019, in the Company s common stock, including
 reinvestment of any dividends, and each of the indices. Historical stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. This performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material 
 or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, or incorporated by reference into any future SEC filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

40 

Table of Contents 

Dollars

5/9/19

12/31/19

12/31/20

12/31/21

12/31/22

South Plains Financial, Inc.

100.0

118.25

108.42

161.21

162.27

S P United States BMI Banks Index

100.0

117.22

102.26

139.04

115.32

S P 500

100.0

114.03

135.01

173.77

142.30

Source: S P Global Market Intelligence

2022

Item 6.

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the
 accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and are based on certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable but may
 prove to be inaccurate. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report, may cause actual results to differ
 materially from those projected results discussed in the forward-looking statements appearing in this discussion and analysis. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.

Overview

We are a bank holding company headquartered in Lubbock, Texas, and our wholly-owned subsidiary, City Bank is one of the largest independent banks in West Texas and has additional banking operations
 in the Dallas, El Paso, Greater Houston, the Permian Basin, and College Station, Texas markets, and the Ruidoso, New Mexico market. Through City Bank, we provide a wide range of commercial and consumer financial services to small and medium-sized
 businesses and individuals in our market areas. Our principal business activities include commercial and retail banking, along with insurance, investment, trust and mortgage services.

Selected Financial Data

The following table sets forth certain of our selected financial data for, and as of the end of, each of the periods indicated. This information should be read in conjunction with Item 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data included elsewhere in this Report (dollars in thousands, except per share data).

As of or for the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Selected Income Statement Data:

Net interest income

138,476

121,764

122,285

Provision for loan losses

(2,619

(1,918

25,570

Noninterest income

76,145

97,469

101,603

Noninterest expense

144,089

148,030

141,715

Income tax expense

14,911

14,507

11,250

Net income

58,240

58,614

45,353

Share and Per Share Data:

Earnings per share (basic)

3.35

3.26

2.51

Earnings per share (diluted)

3.23

3.17

2.47

Dividends per share

0.46

0.30

0.14

Tangible book value per share (1) 

19.57

21.51

18.97

Selected Period End Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

234,883

486,821

300,307

Investment securities

701,711

724,504

803,087

Gross loans held for investment

2,748,081

2,437,577

2,221,583

Allowance for loan losses

39,288

42,098

45,553

Total assets

3,944,063

3,901,855

3,599,160

Total deposits

3,406,430

3,341,222

2,974,351

Borrowings

122,354

122,168

223,532

Total stockholders equity

357,014

407,427

370,048

Performance Ratios:

Return on average assets

1.47

1.56

1.31

Return on average stockholders equity

15.79

15.08

13.40

Net interest margin (2) 

3.73

3.51

3.84

Efficiency ratio (3) 

66.76

67.14

62.99

Credit Quality Ratios:

Nonperforming assets to total assets (4) 

0.20

0.30

0.45

Nonperforming loans to total loans held for investment (5) 

0.28

0.43

0.67

Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans (5) 

504.34

397.23

304.40

Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment

1.43

1.73

2.05

Net loan charge-offs to average loans

0.01

0.06

0.18

Capital Ratios:

Total stockholders equity to total assets

9.05

10.44

10.28

Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1) 

8.50

9.85

9.60

Common equity tier 1 capital ratio

11.81

12.91

12.96

Tier 1 leverage ratio

11.03

10.77

10.24

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio

13.15

14.49

14.78

Total risk-based capital ratio

16.58

18.40

19.08

(1) 

Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See our reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures under the caption Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

(2) 

Net interest margin is calculated as the annual net interest income, on a fully tax-equivalent basis, divided by average interest-earning assets.

(3) 

The efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis and noninterest income.

(4) 

Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans plus OREO.

(5) 

Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more.

41 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 58.2 million, or 3.23 per diluted share, compared to 58.6 million, or 3.17 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
 decrease in net income was primarily the result of a decrease of 21.3 million in noninterest income, offset by an increase of 16.7 million in net interest income and a decrease of 3.9 million in noninterest expense.

Return on average assets was 1.47 and return on average equity was 15.79 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.56 and 15.08 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
 decrease in return on average assets was primarily due to the decrease in net income of 0.6 , relative to a larger increase of 5.2 in total average assets.

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 58.6 million, or 3.17 per diluted share, compared to 45.4 million, or 2.47 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2020. The
 increase in net income was primarily the result of a decrease of 27.5 million in provision for loan losses, offset by a decrease of 4.1 million in noninterest income, an increase of 6.3 million in noninterest expense and an increase of 3.3
 million in income tax expense.

Return on average assets was 1.56 and return on average equity was 15.08 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1.31 and 13.40 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020. The
 increase in return on average assets was primarily due to the increase in net income of 29.2 , relative to a smaller increase of 8.8 in total average assets.

The Paycheck Protection Program PPP was created by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and implemented by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA in March 2020.
 Funding for the PPP expired May 31, 2021. The PPP allowed entities to apply for a 1.00 interest rate loan with payments generally deferred until the date the lender receives the applicable forgiveness amount from the SBA. The Bank originated
 approximately 3,200 PPP loans for a total of 309.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 482 thousand still outstanding. The Company recorded PPP-related SBA interest and fee income of 2.1 million, 8.3 million, and 5.1
 million during the years of 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

Net Interest Income

Net interest income is the principal source of the Company s net income and represents the difference between interest income (interest and fees earned on assets, primarily loans and investment
 securities) and interest expense (interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds). We generate interest income from interest-earning assets that we own, including loans and investment securities. We incur interest expense from interest-bearing
 liabilities, including interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings, notably FHLB advances and subordinated notes. To evaluate net interest income, we measure and monitor (i) yields on our loans and other interest-earning assets, (ii) the costs
 of our deposits and other funding sources, (iii) our net interest spread and (iv) our net interest margin. Net interest spread is the difference between rates earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net
 interest margin is calculated as the annualized net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis divided by average interest-earning assets.

42 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the market interest rates and interest rates we earn on interest-earning assets or pay on interest-bearing liabilities, as well as the volume and types of interest-earning assets,
 interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing liabilities, are usually the largest drivers of periodic changes in net interest spread, net interest margin and net interest income.

The following table presents, for the periods indicated, information about: (i) weighted average balances, the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resultant
 average yields; (ii) average balances, the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant average rates; (iii) net interest income; (iv) the interest rate spread; and (v) the net interest margin. For
 purposes of this table, interest income, net interest margin and net interest spread are shown on a fully tax-equivalent basis.

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Average Balance

Interest

Yield/Rate

Average Balance

Interest

Yield/Rate

Average Balance

Interest

Yield/Rate

(Dollars in thousands)

Assets:

Interest-earning assets:

Loans, excluding PPP (1) 

2,597,274

135,927

5.23

2,302,413

112,255

4.88

2,181,118

116,753

5.35

Loans - PPP

14,887

2,030

13.64

117,788

8,290

7.04

144,514

5,130

3.55

Investment securities taxable

594,405

15,010

2.53

532,272

9,292

1.75

547,107

11,852

2.17

Investment securities non-taxable

216,216

5,733

2.65

219,385

5,872

2.68

158,482

4,489

2.83

Other interest-earning assets (2) 

318,862

3,675

1.15

336,081

565

0.17

184,262

1,100

0.60

Total interest-earning assets

3,741,644

162,375

4.34

3,507,939

136,274

3.88

3,215,483

139,324

4.33

Noninterest-earning assets

222,544

261,140

249,536

Total assets

3,964,188

3,769,079

3,465,019

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity:

Interest-bearing liabilities:

NOW, savings and money market deposits

1,889,888

13,013

0.69

1,841,678

4,163

0.23

1,653,088

6,337

0.38

Time deposits

327,289

3,989

1.22

329,509

4,130

1.25

331,623

5,557

1.68

Short-term borrowings

4

0.00

8,045

5

0.06

19,404

104

0.54

Notes payable other longer-term borrowings

0.00

19,641

38

0.19

107,045

558

0.52

Subordinated debt

75,874

4,050

5.34

75,699

4,056

5.36

38,747

2,223

5.74

Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures

46,393

1,640

3.54

46,393

880

1.90

46,393

1,167

2.52

Total interest-bearing liabilities

2,339,448

22,692

0.97

2,320,965

13,272

0.57

2,196,300

15,946

0.73

Noninterest-bearing liabilities:

Noninterest-bearing deposits

1,189,730

1,016,835

888,653

Other liabilities

66,182

42,654

41,573

Total noninterest-bearing liabilities

1,255,912

1,059,489

930,226

Stockholders equity

368,828

388,625

338,493

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

3,964,188

3,769,079

3,465,019

Net interest income

139,683

123,002

123,378

Net interest spread

3.37

3.31

3.61

Net interest margin (3) 

3.73

3.51

3.84

(1) 

Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale.

(2) 

Includes income and average balances for interest-earning deposits at other banks, nonmarketable securities, federal funds sold and other miscellaneous interest-earning assets.

(3) 

Net interest margin is calculated as the annualized net interest income, on a fully tax-equivalent basis, divided by average interest-earning assets.

43 

Table of Contents 

Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in
 average interest rates. The following tables set forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income during the period shown. Information is provided with respect to (i) effects on interest income attributable to changes in
 volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate) and (ii) effects on interest income attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). Change applicable to both volume and rate have been allocated to volume.

Year Ended December 31, 2022 over 2021

Year Ended December 31, 2021 over 2020

Change due to:

Change due to:

Volume

Rate

Total Variance

Volume

Rate

Total Variance

(Dollars in thousands)

Interest-earning assets:

Loans, excluding PPP

14,376

9,296

23,672

6,493

(10,991

(4,498

Loans - PPP

(7,242

982

(6,260

(949

4,109

3,160

Investment securities taxable

1,085

4,633

5,718

(321

(2,239

(2,560

Investment securities non-taxable

(85

(54

(139

1,725

(342

1,383

Other interest-earning assets

(29

3,139

3,110

906

(1,441

(535

Total increase (decrease) in interest income

8,105

17,996

26,101

7,854

(10,904

(3,050

Interest-bearing liabilities:

NOW, Savings, MMDAs

109

8,741

8,850

723

(2,897

(2,174

Time deposits

(28

(113

(141

(35

(1,392

(1,427

Short-term borrowings

(5

(5

(61

(38

(99

Notes payable other borrowings

(38

(38

(456

(64

(520

Subordinated debt

9

(15

(6

2,120

(287

1,833

Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures

760

760

(287

(287

Total increase (decrease) interest expense:

47

9,373

9,420

2,291

(4,965

(2,674

Increase (decrease) in net interest income

8,058

8,623

16,681

5,563

(5,939

(376

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021

Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 138.5 million compared to 121.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 16.7 million, or 13.7 . The increase in
 net interest income in 2022 was comprised of a 26.1 million, or 19.4 , increase in interest income, partially offset by a 9.4 million, or 71.0 , increase in interest expense. The increase in interest income was primarily attributable to
 increases of 17.4 million in loan interest income and 8.7 million in interest income from securities and other interest-earning assets. The increase in loan interest income was primarily due to growth of 192.0 million in average loans
 outstanding and the rising interest rate environment, partially offset by decreases of 102.9 million in average PPP loans and 6.3 million in the PPP-related interest and fees. The increase in interest income on securities and other
 interest-earning assets was primarily due to securities purchases and rising market interest rates. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 2.0 million and 8.3 million, respectively, in PPP-related interest and
 fees.

44 

Table of Contents 

The 9.4 million increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to a 40 basis points increase in the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities and an
 increase of 18.5 million in average interest-bearing liabilities over the same period in 2021. The rise in rates was largely attributed to the Federal Open Market Committee of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System repeatedly
 raising their target benchmark interest rate during, resulting in federal funds rate increases of 425 basis points between March and December of 2022.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net interest margin and net interest spread were 3.73 and 3.37 , respectively, compared to 3.51 and 3.31 for the same period in 2021, respectively, which
 reflects the changes in interest income and interest expense discussed above.

Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020

Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 121.8 million compared to 122.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 0.5 million, or 0.4 . The
 decrease in net interest income was comprised of a 3.2 million, or 2.3 , decrease in interest income and a 2.7 million, or 16.8 , decrease in interest expense. T he
 decrease in interest income was primarily attributable to a decrease in the yield on average interest-earning assets of 45 basis points offset by the growth of 292.5 million in these assets during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the
 years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 8.3 and 5.1 million, respectively, in PPP-related interest and fees. When received, the PPP-related SBA fees are deferred and then accreted into interest income over the life of
 the applicable PPP loans. At the time of PPP loan forgiveness by the SBA, any remaining deferred fees are recognized immediately. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, there was 1.9 million and 4.1 million, respectively, of deferred PPP-related SBA
 fees that had not been accreted to income. 

The 2.7 million decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to a 16 basis points decrease in the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, partially
 offset by an increase of 124.7 million in average interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in average interest-bearing liabilities was mainly due to increased deposits from PPP loan funding, other government stimulus payments and programs
 during the period as well as organic growth, partially offset by the repayment of 75.0 million in long-term advances during 2021.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net interest margin and net interest spread were 3.51 and 3.31 , respectively, compared to 3.84 and 3.61 for the same period in 2020, respectively, which
 reflects the changes in interest income and interest expense discussed above.

Provision for Loan Losses

Credit risk is inherent in the business of making loans. We establish an allowance for loan losses through charges to earnings, which are shown in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 (loss) as the provision for loan losses. Specifically identifiable and quantifiable known losses are promptly charged off against the allowance. The provision for loan losses is determined by conducting a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of
 our allowance for loan losses and charging the shortfall or excess, if any, to the current quarter s expense. This has the effect of creating variability in the amount and frequency of charges to our earnings. The provision for loan losses and
 level of allowance for each period are dependent upon many factors, including loan growth, net charge offs, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquencies, management s assessment of the quality of the loan portfolio, the
 valuation of problem loans and the general economic conditions in our market areas. See Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements
 included elsewhere in this Report for more detailed discussion.

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021

The provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a negative 2.6 million compared to a negative 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the provision
 for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due to improved credit metrics in the loan portfolio, specifically in the hotel segment, direct energy segment, and other Permian Basin-related
 credits, and a decline in the amount of loans that were actively under a COVID-19 pandemic-related modification, partially offset by growth of 310.5 million in loans held for investment. Net charge-offs decreased 1.3 million during 2022 as
 compared to 2021. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans held for investment was 1.43 at December 31, 2022 and 1.73 at December 31, 2021. Further discussion of the allowance for loan losses is noted below.

Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020

The provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was a negative 1.9 million compared to 25.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in the provision for loan
 losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 was primarily a result of general improvement in the economy, a decline in the amount of loans actively under a modification, and a decrease in nonperforming loans.
 Net charge-offs decreased 2.7 million during 2021 as compared to 2020. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans held for investment was 1.73 at December 31, 2021 and 2.05 at December 31, 2020. Further discussion of the allowance
 for loan losses is noted below.

45 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Income

While interest income remains the largest single component of total revenues, noninterest income is an important contributing component. The largest portion of our noninterest income is associated
 with our mortgage banking activities. Other sources of noninterest income include service charges on deposit accounts, bank card services and interchange fees, and income from insurance activities.

The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest income for the periods indicated:

Year Ended

 December 31, 2022 over 2021

Year Ended

 December 31, 2021 over 2020

2022

2021

Increase (decrease)

2021

2020

Increase (decrease)

(Dollars in thousands)

Noninterest income:

Service charges on deposit accounts

6,829

6,963

(134

6,963

7,032

(69

Income from insurance activities

10,826

8,314

2,512

8,314

7,644

670

Bank card services and interchange fees

12,946

12,239

707

12,239

10,035

2,204

Mortgage banking activities

31,370

59,726

(28,356

59,726

65,042

(5,316

Investment commissions

1,825

1,934

(109

1,934

1,698

236

Fiduciary income

2,390

2,917

(527

2,917

3,185

(268

Gain on sale of securities

2,318

(2,318

Other income and fees (1) 

9,959

5,376

4,583

5,376

4,649

727

Total noninterest income

76,145

97,469

(21,324

97,469

101,603

(4,134

(1) 

Other income and fees includes income and fees associated with the increase in the cash surrender value of life insurance, safe deposit box rental, check printing, collections, wire transfer and other
 miscellaneous services and income.

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021

Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 76.1 million compared to 97.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 21.3 million, or 21.9 . Income from mortgage
 banking activities decreased 28.4 million, or 47.5 , to 31.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 59.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of a reduction of 781.6 million, or 52.1 ,
 in mortgage loan originations for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by rising mortgage interest rates during 2022 and the departure of several mortgage loan originators during the first quarter
 of 2022 and a decline in gain on sale margins. This decrease was partially offset by increases of 3.2 million in the fair value adjustment and 1.0 million in servicing income for the Company s mortgage servicing rights portfolio. The remaining
 noninterest income increased 7.0 million in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to increased income from Small Business Investment Company SBIC investments of 2.3 million, 2.1 million in legal settlements, and growth in income from both
 insurance activities of 2.5 million and bank card services and interchange fees of 707 thousand, partially offset by a decrease of 527 thousand in fiduciary income.

Management is continuing to monitor and assess the industry changes related to the consumer overdraft fees, and changes already made or any future changes could negatively impact overdraft fee income.

Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020

Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 97.5 million compared to 101.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 4.1 million, or 4.1 . Income from mortgage
 banking activities decreased 5.3 million, or 8.2 , to 59.7 million for the December 31, 2021 from 65.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily the result of a reduction of 106.3 million in interest rate lock
 commitments and a decline in gain on sale margins, partially offset by an increase of 58.1 million in mortgage loan originations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Our mortgage originations
 experienced another high level of volume in 2021 as the industry continued to benefit from historic low levels of interest rates through a majority of 2021. Refinance activity represented 54 of the 2021 originations as compared to 53 in 2020.
 Additionally, bank card services and interchange fee income increased 2.2 million and income from insurance activities increased 670 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in
 bank card services and interchange fee income was primarily tied to the growth in deposits, increased consumer spending, and the expansion of credit card services. The increase in income from insurance activities was primarily related to
 increased premiums paid in 2021. Further, there was a 2.3 million gain on sale of securities in the first quarter of 2020.

46 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Expense

The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest expense for the periods indicated:

Year Ended

 December 31, 2022 over 2021

Year Ended

 December 31, 2021 over 2020

2022

2021

Increase (decrease)

2021

2020

Increase (decrease)

(Dollars in thousands)

Noninterest expense:

Salaries and employee benefits

86,323

93,360

(7,037

93,360

89,220

4,140

Occupancy expense, net

15,987

14,560

1,427

14,560

14,658

(98

Professional services

9,740

6,752

2,988

6,752

6,322

430

Marketing and development

3,614

3,225

389

3,225

3,088

137

IT and data services

3,780

4,007

(227

4,007

3,574

433

Bankcard expenses

5,376

4,995

381

4,995

4,253

742

Appraisal expenses

1,747

3,248

(1,501

3,248

2,782

466

Other expenses (1) 

17,522

17,883

(361

17,883

17,818

65

Total noninterest expense

144,089

148,030

(3,941

148,030

141,715

6,315

(1) 

Other expenses include items such as banking regulatory assessments, telephone expenses, postage, courier fees, directors fees, and insurance.

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021

Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 144.1 million compared to 148.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 3.9 million, or 2.7 . Salaries and
 employee benefits decreased 7.0 million, or 7.5 , from 93.4 million for the December 31, 2021 to 86.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This decrease in salaries and employee benefits expense was primarily driven by lower mortgage
 commissions of 10.3 million and reduced related supporting personnel expenses due to the contraction in mortgage loan originations, partially offset by an increase of 1.0 million in variable insurance commission expense and additional expense
 for commercial lenders hired as part of a planned initiative. All other noninterest expenses increased 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was largely attributable to additional
 legal fees of 2.6 million as a result of vendor dispute legal proceedings and other legal matters and a rise of 1.4 million in occupancy expense related to property repair and maintenance on banking house properties, partially offset by a
 reduction in appraisal expenses of 1.5 million and other variable mortgage-related expenses.

Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020

Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 148.0 million compared to 141.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 6.3 million, or 4.5 . Salaries and
 employee benefits increased 4.1 million, or 4.6 , from 89.2 million for the December 31, 2020 to 93.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in salaries and employee benefits expense was predominately driven by increased
 commissions paid on the higher volume of mortgage loan originations and other personnel expenses to support mortgage activities. Additionally, salary expense increased due to expenses for incentive-based compensation related to the growth in
 loans held for investment in 2021 and for newly-hired commercial loan officers as part of our stated initiative. All other noninterest expenses increased 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020. This
 increase was primarily related to additional expenses incurred in 2021 for bankcard expenses as a result of increased consumer spending, growth in deposits, and credit card program expenses. Additionally, there were increases in appraisal
 expenses due to the high mortgage volume noted above and increased technology costs as part of the investment in planning our transition of computing and data storage to the cloud as well as further development of the new customer lead generation
 initiative.

Financial Condition

Our total assets increased 42.2 million, or 1.1 , to 3.94 billion at December 31, 2022 as compared to 3.90 billion at December 31, 2021. Our loans held for investment increased 310.5 million, or
 12.7 , to 2.75 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.44 billion at December 31, 2021. Total deposits increased 65.2 million, or 2.0 to 3.41 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.34 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in
 total assets, loans, and deposits was primarily the continued result of organic growth of the Company, which included hiring new commercial lenders as part of a stated growth initiative.

47 

Table of Contents 

Loan Portfolio

Our loans represent the largest portion of earning assets, greater than our securities portfolio or any other asset category, and the quality and diversification of the loan portfolio is an
 important consideration when reviewing the Company s financial condition. We originate substantially all of the loans in our portfolio, except certain loan participations that are independently underwritten by the Company prior to purchase.

Loans held for investments increased 310.5 million, or 12.7 , to 2.75 billion at December 31, 2022 as compared to 2.44 billion at December 31, 2021. We had net organic growth in
 non-PPP loans of 350.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by a decrease due to SBA forgiveness and repayments of 39.7 million in PPP loans during 2022. The organic loan growth remained relationship-focused and occurred primarily in commercial real estate loans, residential mortgage loans, and consumer auto loans, partially offset by decreases in ag production, energy
 and hotel loans. 

The following table shows the contractual maturities of our loans held for investment portfolio at December 31, 2022:

Due in

 One Year or Less

Due after One Year

 Through Five Years

Due after Five Years

 Through Fifteen Years

Due after

 Fifteen Years

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Commercial real estate

109,340

466,733

259,078

84,207

919,358

Commercial - specialized

78,219

137,599

63,318

48,377

327,513

Commercial - general

84,923

153,698

123,344

122,818

484,783

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

34,985

79,853

72,189

273,097

460,124

Auto loans

3,153

164,175

154,148

321,476

Other consumer

5,275

48,476

27,557

81,308

Construction

129,531

12,550

1,277

10,161

153,519

Total loans

445,426

1,063,084

700,911

538,660

2,748,081

The following table shows the distribution between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans for maturities greater than one year as of December 31, 2022:

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

(Dollars in thousands)

Commercial real estate

377,747

432,271

Commercial - specialized

71,235

178,059

Commercial - general

152,539

247,321

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

251,157

173,982

Auto loans

318,323

Other consumer

75,610

423

Construction

3,487

20,501

Total loans

1,250,098

1,052,557

At December 31, 2022, there was 1.32 billion in adjustable rate loans, with 645.2 million of these loans that mature or reprice in the next twelve months. Of these loans that mature or reprice in
 the next twelve months, 416.4 million will reprice immediately upon changes in the underlying index rate, with the remaining 228.8 million being subject to rate ceilings, floors above the current index, or a future repricing date. The Wall Street Journal prime rate is the predominate index used by the Bank.

The Bank is primarily involved in real estate, commercial, agricultural and consumer lending activities with customers throughout Texas and Eastern New Mexico. We have a collateral concentration as
 69.8 of our loans were secured by real property as of December 31, 2022, compared to 69.4 as of December 31, 2021. We believe that these loans are not concentrated in any one single property type and that they are geographically dispersed
 throughout the areas we serve. Although the Bank has diversified portfolios, its debtors ability to honor their contracts is substantially dependent upon the general economic conditions of the markets in which it operates, which consist
 primarily of agribusiness, wholesale/retail, oil and gas and related businesses, healthcare industries and institutions of higher education. Commercial real estate loans represent 38.7 of loans held for investment as of December 31, 2022 and
 represented 36.7 of loans held for investment as of December 31, 2021. Further, these loans are geographically diversified, primarily throughout the State of Texas as well as Eastern New Mexico.

We have established concentration limits in the loan portfolio for commercial real estate loans and unsecured lending, among other loan types. All loan types are within established limits. We use
 underwriting guidelines to assess the borrowers historical cash flow to determine debt service, and we further stress test the debt service under higher interest rate scenarios. Financial and performance covenants are used in commercial lending
 to allow us to react to a borrower s deteriorating financial condition, should that occur.

48 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Real Estate . Our commercial real estate portfolio includes loans for commercial property that is owned by real estate investors, construction
 loans to build owner-occupied properties, and loans to developers of commercial real estate investment properties and residential developments. Commercial real estate loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to our
 commercial loans. These loans are underwritten primarily based on projected cash flows for income-producing properties and collateral values for non-income-producing properties. The repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the
 successful operation of the property securing the loans or the sale or refinancing of the property. Real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing our real
 estate portfolio are diversified by type and geographic location. This diversity helps reduce the exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single market or industry.

Commercial real estate loans increased 163.9 million, or 21.7 , to 919.4 million as of December 31, 2022 from 755.4 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an
 increase of 90.6 million in commercial and residential land development loans, an increase of 71.0 million in retail loans, and an increase of 41.4 million in office, commercial and retail tenant loans, partially offset by a decrease of 37.2
 million in hotel loans.

Commercial General and Specialized . Commercial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably.
 Underwriting standards have been designed to determine whether the borrower possesses sound business ethics and practices, to evaluate current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay their obligations as agreed,
 and to ensure appropriate collateral is obtained to secure the loan. Commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and, secondarily, on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most commercial
 loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets, such as real estate, accounts receivable, or inventory, and typically include personal guarantees. Owner-occupied real estate is included in commercial loans, as the
 repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the operations of the commercial borrower s business rather than on income-producing properties or the sale of the properties. Commercial loans are grouped into two distinct sub-categories:
 specialized and general. Commercial related loans that are considered specialized include agricultural production and real estate loans, energy loans, and finance, investment, and insurance loans. Commercial related loans that contain a broader
 diversity of borrowers, sub-industries, or serviced industries are grouped into the general category. These include goods, services, restaurant retail, construction, and other industries.

Commercial general loans increased 24.8 million, or 5.4 , to 484.8 million as of December 31, 2022 from 460.0 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in commercial general loans was
 primarily due to organic loan growth in restaurant retail loans, goods and services loans, and construction company loans, partially offset by a decrease of 39.7 million in PPP loans.

Commercial specialized loans decreased 51.2 million, or 13.5 , to 327.5 million as of December 31, 2022 from 378.7 million as of December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to an early
 payoff of an approximately 46 million on one energy sector loan and a net reduction of 36.5 million in seasonal agricultural production loans, partially offset by organic loan growth of 26.1 million in finance, investment, and insurance loans.

Consumer . We utilize a computer-based credit scoring analysis to supplement our policies and procedures in underwriting consumer loans. Our loan policy
 addresses types of consumer loans that may be originated and the collateral, if secured, which must be perfected. The relatively smaller individual dollar amounts of consumer loans that are spread over numerous individual borrowers also minimize
 our risk. Residential real estate loans are included in consumer loans. We generally require mortgage title insurance and hazard insurance on these residential real estate loans.

Consumer and other loans increased 166.4 million, or 23.9 , to 862.9 million as of December 31, 2022, from 696.5 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in these loans was primarily a
 result of an 80.8 million growth in consumer auto loans as a result of higher demand for autos during 2022, along with adding several high-quality auto dealerships, and a 72.4 million increase in residential mortgage loans. As of December 31,
 2022, our consumer loan portfolio was comprised of 460.1 million in 1-4 family residential loans, 321.5 million in auto loans, and 81.3 million in other consumer loans.

Construction . Loans for residential construction are for single-family properties to developers, builders, or end-users. These loans are underwritten based
 on estimates of costs and completed value of the project. Funds are advanced based on estimated percentage of completion for the project. Performance of these loans is affected by economic conditions as well as the ability to control costs of the
 projects.

Construction loans increased 6.7 million, or 4.5 , to 153.5 million as of December 31, 2022 from 146.9 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase resulted from continued higher demand for
 residential construction as a result of home shortages in many of our markets.

49 

Table of Contents 

Paycheck Protection Program . Beginning in April 2020 and until funding expired on May 31, 2021, we originated loans to qualified small businesses under the PPP administered by the SBA under the provisions of the CARES Act. Loans covered by the PPP may be eligible for loan forgiveness for certain costs incurred related to payroll, group health care
 benefit costs and qualifying mortgage, rent and utility payments. The remaining loan balance after forgiveness of any amounts is still fully guaranteed by the SBA. Terms of the PPP loans include the following (i) maximum amount limited to the
 lesser of 10 million or an amount calculated using a payroll-based formula, (ii) maximum loan term of five years, (iii) interest rate of 1.00 , (iv) no collateral or personal guarantees are required, (v) no payments are required for six months
 following the loan disbursement date and (vi) loan forgiveness up to the full principal amount of the loan and any accrued interest, subject to certain requirements including that no more than 25 of the loan forgiveness amount may be
 attributable to non-payroll costs. In return for processing and booking the loan, the SBA paid the lender a processing fee tiered by the size of the loan (5 for loans of not more than 350 thousand; 3 for loans more than 350 thousand and less
 than 2 million; and 1 for loans of at least 2 million). At December 31, 2022, PPP loans totaled approximately 482 thousand and are included in commercial general loans.

We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to
 extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s exposure to credit loss in
 the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit to our customers is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. Commitments to
 extend credit and standby letters of credit are not recorded as an asset or liability by the Company until the instrument is exercised. The contractual or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in
 particular classes of financial instruments.

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or
 other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company uses the
 same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as they do for on-balance sheet instruments. The amount and nature of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on
 management s credit evaluation of the potential borrower.

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and
 private short-term borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company holds collateral supporting those commitments for
 which collateral is deemed necessary.

The following table summarizes commitments we have made as of the dates presented.

December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Commitments to grant loans and unfunded commitments under lines of credit

682,296

542,338

Standby letters of credit

13,864

12,418

Total

696,160

554,756

Allowance for Loan Losses

The allowance for loan losses provides a reserve against which loan losses are charged as those losses become evident. Management evaluates the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses on
 a quarterly basis. The analysis takes into consideration the results of an ongoing loan review process, the purpose of which is to determine the level of credit risk within the portfolio and to ensure proper adherence to underwriting and
 documentation standards. Additional allowances are provided to those loans which appear to represent a greater than normal exposure to risk. The quality of the loan portfolio and the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is assessed by
 regulatory examinations and the Company s internal and external loan reviews. The allowance for loan losses consists of two elements: (1) specific valuation allowances established for probable losses on specific loans and (2) historical valuation
 allowances calculated based on historical loan loss experience for similar loans with similar characteristics and trends, judgmentally adjusted for general economic conditions and other qualitative risk factors internal and external to the
 Company.

To determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, the loan portfolio is broken into categories based on loan type. Historical loss experience factors by category, adjusted for changes in
 trends and conditions, are used to determine an indicated allowance for each portfolio category. These factors are evaluated and updated based on the composition of the specific loan portfolio. Other considerations include volumes and trends of
 delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, levels of bankruptcies, criticized and classified loan trends, expected losses on real estate secured loans, new credit products and policies, economic conditions, concentrations of credit risk, and the experience
 and abilities of the Company s lending personnel. In addition to the portfolio evaluations, impaired loans with a balance of 250 thousand or more are individually evaluated based on facts and circumstances of the loan to determine if a specific
 allowance amount may be necessary. Specific allowances may also be established for loans whose outstanding balances are below the above threshold when it is determined that the risk associated with the loan differs significantly from the risk
 factor amounts established for its loan category.

50 

Table of Contents 

The allowance for loan losses was 39.3 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 42.1 million at December 31, 2021, an decrease of 2.8 million, or 6.7 . The decrease was primarily a result of a
 negative provision for loan losses of 2.6 million being recorded during 2022 based on general improvement in the Company s credit metrics, a decline in the amount of loans that were actively under a modification, and a decrease in nonperforming
 loans, partially offset by the growth in the loan portfolio. Nevertheless, forecasted economic conditions continue to remain uncertain due to the continued rising interest rate environment and persistent high inflation levels in the United
 States, and provisions for loan losses may be necessary in future periods.

The following table provides an analysis of the allowance for loan losses and other data at the dates indicated.

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(Dollars in thousands)

Average loans outstanding during period (1) 

Commercial real estate

817,365

705,516

654,923

Commercial specialized

351,598

336,754

318,141

Commercial general

476,553

490,945

545,391

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

409,023

374,609

362,415

Auto loans

285,493

227,301

205,849

Other consumer

85,881

68,106

70,478

Construction

150,072

124,840

90,277

Loans held for sale

36,176

92,130

78,158

Total average loans outstanding during period

2,612,161

2,420,201

2,325,632

Net charge-offs (recoveries) during the period

Commercial real estate

(418

(109

(295

Commercial specialized

(807

11

1,041

Commercial general

(122

459

1,601

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

100

44

(75

Auto loans

364

483

973

Other consumer

913

653

970

Construction

161

(4

(1

Total net charge-offs (recoveries) during the period

191

1,537

4,214

Total loans held for investment outstanding

2,748,081

2,437,577

2,221,583

Nonaccrual loans

5,802

9,518

13,718

Allowance for loan losses

39,288

42,098

45,553

Ratio of allowance to total loans held for investment

1.43

1.73

2.05

Ratio of allowance to nonaccrual loans

677.15

442.30

332.07

Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans held for investment

0.21

0.39

0.62

Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans during the period

Commercial real estate

(0.05

(0.02

(0.05

Commercial specialized

(0.23

0.33

Commercial general

(0.03

0.09

0.29

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

0.02

0.01

(0.02

Auto loans

0.13

0.21

0.47

Other consumer

1.06

0.96

1.38

Construction

0.11

Total ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans during the period

0.01

0.06

0.18

(1) 

Average outstanding balances include loans held for sale.

Net charge-offs totaled 0.2 million and were 0.01 of average loans outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.5 million and 0.06 for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was 621
 thousand in consumer credit program net charge-offs, 364 thousand in auto loan net charge-offs, and a charge-off of 215 thousand on a restaurant retail relationship during 2022, partially offset by a 822 thousand recovery on an energy
 relationship and a 400 thousand recovery on a commercial real estate loan during 2022. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans held for investment was 1.43 at December 31, 2022 and 1.73 at December 31, 2021.

51 

Table of Contents 

While the entire allowance is available to absorb losses from any part of our loan portfolio, the following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for loan losses for the years presented
 and the percentage of allowance in each classification to total allowance:

As of December, 31

2022

2021

2020

Amount

of

 Total

Amount

of

 Total

Amount

of

 Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Commercial real estate

13,029

33.1

17,245

41.0

18,962

41.6

Commercial specialized

3,425

8.7

4,363

10.4

5,760

12.6

Commercial general

9,215

23.5

8,466

20.1

9,227

20.3

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

6,194

15.8

5,268

12.5

4,646

10.2

Auto loans

3,926

10.0

3,653

8.7

4,226

9.3

Other consumer

1,376

3.5

1,357

3.2

1,671

3.7

Construction

2,123

5.4

1,746

4.1

1,061

2.3

Total allowance for loan losses

39,288

100.0

42,098

100.0

45,553

100.0

Asset Quality

Loans are considered delinquent when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more. Delinquent loans may remain on accrual status between 30 days and 90 days past due. Loans on which
 the accrual of interest has been discontinued are designated as nonaccrual loans. Typically, the accrual of interest on loans is discontinued when principal or interest payments are past due 90 days or when, in the opinion of management, there is
 a reasonable doubt as to collectability in the normal course of business. When loans are placed on nonaccrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current period interest income. Income on nonaccrual loans
 is subsequently recognized only to the extent that cash is received and the loan s principal balance is deemed collectible. Loans are restored to accrual status when loans become well-secured and management believes full collectability of
 principal and interest is probable.

A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans include loans on
 nonaccrual status and performing restructured loans. Income from loans on nonaccrual status is recognized to the extent cash is received and when the loan s principal balance is deemed collectible. Depending on a particular loan s circumstances,
 we measure impairment of a loan based upon either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to
 sell if the loan is collateral dependent. A loan is considered collateral dependent when repayment of the loan is based solely on the liquidation of the collateral. Fair value, where possible, is determined by independent appraisals, typically on
 an annual basis. Between appraisal periods, the fair value may be adjusted based on specific events, such as if deterioration of quality of the collateral comes to our attention as part of our problem loan monitoring process, or if discussions
 with the borrower lead us to believe the last appraised value no longer reflects the actual market for the collateral. The impairment amount on a collateral-dependent loan is charged-off to the allowance if deemed not collectible and the
 impairment amount on a loan that is not collateral-dependent is set up as a specific reserve.

Real estate we acquire as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as other real estate owned OREO until sold and is initially recorded at fair value less costs to
 sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis.

Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more. Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans plus OREO.

At December 31, 2022, our total nonaccrual loans were 5.8 million, or 0.21 of total loans held for investment, as compared to 9.5 million, or 0.39 of total loans held for investment, at December
 31, 2021. These loans were reviewed for impairment and specific valuation allowances were established as necessary and included in the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 to cover any probable loss. The decrease in the year ended
 December 31, 2022 was primarily due to eleven loans totaling 4.3 million that were removed from nonaccrual status during the second and third quarters of 2022. This was a result of principal paydowns, improved cash flow, and continued sustained
 payment performance.

Loans past due 90 days or more were 2.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 1.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase of 0.9 million at year-end 2022 was primarily comprised of an additional
 750 thousand of delinquent residential mortgage loans. Total nonperforming loans were 7.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 10.6 million at December 31, 2021.

52 

Table of Contents 

In cases where a borrower experiences financial difficulties and we make certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms, the loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring, or TDR.
 Included in certain loan categories of impaired loans are TDRs on which we have granted certain material concessions to the borrower as a result of the borrower experiencing financial difficulties. The concessions granted by us may include, but
 are not limited to: (1) a modification in which the maturity date, timing of payments or frequency of payments is modified, (2) an interest rate lower than the current market rate for new loans with similar risk, or (3) a combination of the first
 two factors.

If a borrower on a restructured accruing loan has demonstrated performance under the previous terms, is not experiencing financial difficulty and shows the capacity to continue to perform under the
 restructured terms, the loan will remain on accrual status. Otherwise, the loan will be placed on nonaccrual status until the borrower demonstrates a sustained period of performance, which generally requires six consecutive months of payments.
 Loans identified as TDRs are evaluated for impairment using the present value of the expected cash flows or the estimated fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. The fair value is determined, when possible, by an
 appraisal of the property less estimated costs related to liquidation of the collateral. The appraisal amount may also be adjusted for current market conditions. Adjustments to reflect the present value of the expected cash flows or the estimated
 fair value of collateral dependent loans are a component in determining an appropriate allowance for loan losses, and as such, may result in increases or decreases to the provision for loan losses in current and future earnings.

We had no loans restructured as TDRs during 2022, 2021, or 2020. TDRs are excluded from our nonperforming loans unless they otherwise meet the definition of nonaccrual loans or past due 90 days or
 more.

Securities Portfolio

The securities portfolio is the second largest component of the Company s interest-earning assets, and the structure and composition of this portfolio is important to an analysis of the financial
 condition of the Company. The securities portfolio serves the following purposes: (i) it provides a source of pledged assets for securing certain deposits and borrowed funds, as may be required by law or by specific agreement with a depositor or
 lender; (ii) it provides liquidity to even out cash flows from the loan and deposit activities of customers; (iii) it can be used as an interest rate risk management tool, since it provides a large base of assets, the maturity and interest rate
 characteristics of which can be changed more readily than the loan portfolio to better match changes in the deposit base and other funding sources of the Company; and (iv) it is an alternative interest-earning asset when loan demand is weak or
 when deposits grow more rapidly than loans.

The securities portfolio consists of securities classified as either held-to-maturity or available-for-sale. Securities consist primarily of state and municipal securities, mortgage-backed
 securities and U.S. government sponsored agency securities. We determine the appropriate classification at the time of purchase. All held-to-maturity securities are reported at amortized cost, adjusted for premiums and discounts that are
 recognized in interest income using the interest method over the period to maturity. All available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value.

Total securities at December 31, 2022 were 701.7 million, representing an decrease of 22.8 million, or 3.1 , compared to 724.5 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was
 primarily due to a 114.4 million decline in the unrealized gain on available for sale securities and 81.3 million in maturities, prepayments, and calls, partially offset by 176.7 million in purchases at December 31, 2022 compared to December
 31, 2021.

Certain securities have fair values less than amortized cost and, therefore, contain unrealized losses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s available for sale
 securities declined by 114.4 million as a result of the significant increase in market interest rates during 2022, which was attributed to the FOMC repeatedly raising their target benchmark interest rate, as previously noted. At December 31,
 2022, we evaluated the securities which had an unrealized loss for other-than-temporary impairment and determined all declines in value to be temporary. We anticipate full recovery of amortized cost with respect to these securities by maturity,
 or sooner in the event of a more favorable market interest rate environment. We do not intend to sell these securities and it is not probable that we will be required to sell them before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be at
 maturity.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding contractual maturities and the weighted average yields of our investment securities as of the date presented. Expected maturities may
 differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligation with or without call or prepayment penalties.

53 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022

Due in

 One Year or Less

Due after One Year

 Through Five Years

Due after Five Years

 Through Ten Years

Due after

 Ten Years

Amortized

 Cost

Weighted

 Average Yield

Amortized

 Cost

Weighted

 Average Yield

Amortized

 Cost

Weighted

 Average Yield

Amortized

 Cost

Weighted

 Average Yield

(Dollars in thousands)

Available-for-sale

State and municipal

1,898

3.43

8,663

2.17

7,508

2.22

241,360

2.24

Mortgage-backed securities

3

1.90

3,037

1.88

53,154

2.23

379,750

2.22

Collateralized mortgage obligations

76,189

4.89

Asset-backed and other amortizing securities

1,689

2.93

19,218

2.81

Other securities

12,000

4.47

Total available-for-sale

1,901

3.43

11,700

2.09

150,540

3.76

640,328

2.24

Deposits

Deposits represent the Company s primary and most vital source of funds. We offer a variety of deposit products including demand deposits accounts, interest-bearing products, savings accounts and
 certificate of deposits. We put continued effort into gathering noninterest-bearing demand deposit accounts through loan production, customer referrals, marketing staffs, mobile and online banking and various involvements with community networks.

Total deposits at December 31, 2022 were 3.41 billion, representing an increase of 65.2 million, or 2.0 , compared to 3.34 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in total deposits since
 December 31, 2021 was primarily due to organic growth and customers maintaining higher balances. Deposit balances peaked in the third quarter of 2022 and then declined 54.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 principally as the result of
 increased competition for deposits amid overall deposit outflows in the United States banking system. As of December 31, 2022, 33.8 of total deposits were comprised of noninterest-bearing demand accounts, 57.8 of interest-bearing non-maturity
 accounts and 8.4 of time deposits.

The following table shows the deposit mix as of the dates presented:

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Amount

of Total

Amount

of Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Noninterest-bearing deposits

1,150,488

33.8

1,071,367

32.1

NOW and other transaction accounts

350,910

10.3

395,322

11.8

Money market and other savings

1,618,833

47.5

1,534,795

45.9

Time deposits

286,199

8.4

339,738

10.2

Total deposits

3,406,430

100.0

3,341,222

100.0

The following table summarizes our average deposit balances and weighted average rates for the periods indicated:

2022

2021

2020

Average

 Balance

Weighted

 Average Rate

Average

 Balance

Weighted

 Average Rate

Average

 Balance

Weighted

 Average Rate

(Dollars in thousands)

Noninterest-bearing deposits

1,189,730

1,016,835

888,653

Interest-bearing deposits:

NOW and interest-bearing demand accounts

352,791

0.59

355,274

0.03

329,431

0.13

Savings accounts

151,128

0.32

132,426

0.09

113,681

0.09

Money market accounts

1,385,969

0.75

1,353,978

0.29

1,209,976

0.48

Time deposits

327,289

1.22

329,509

1.25

331,623

1.68

Total interest-bearing deposits

2,217,177

0.77

2,171,187

0.38

1,984,711

0.60

Total deposits

3,406,907

0.50

3,188,022

0.26

2,873,364

0.41

The scheduled maturities of uninsured certificates of deposits or other time deposits as of December 31, 2022 follows:

54 

Table of Contents 

(Dollars in thousands)

Three

 Months

Three to

 Six Months

Six to

 12 Months

After

 12 Months

Total

30,752

5,572

13,606

15,770

65,700

The estimated amount of uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022 was 1.04 billion.

Time deposits issued in amounts of more than 250 thousand represent the type of deposit most likely to affect the Company s future earnings because of interest rate sensitivity. The effective cost
 of these funds is generally higher than other time deposits because the funds are usually obtained at premium rates of interest.

Borrowed Funds

In addition to deposits, we utilize advances from the FHLB and other borrowings as a supplementary funding source to finance our operations.

FHLB Advances . The FHLB allows us to borrow, both short and long-term, on a blanket floating lien status collateralized by first mortgage loans and
 commercial real estate loans as well as FHLB stock. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we had total remaining borrowing capacity from the FHLB of 920.2 million and 903.9 million, respectively.

The following table sets forth our long-term FHLB borrowings as of and for the periods indicated:

As of and for the Year

 Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount outstanding at year-end

Weighted average interest rate at year-end

Maximum month-end balance during the year

75,000

Average balance outstanding during the year

19,641

Weighted average interest rate during the year

0.19

The Company has used FHLB letters of credit to pledge to certain public deposits. These letters of credit expired in July 2021 and the Company began pledging securities to these public funds rather
 than renewing the letters of credit. As a result, there were no FHLB letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas . The Bank has a line of credit with the FRB. The amount of the line is determined on a monthly basis by the Federal Reserve
 Bank. The line is collateralized by a blanket floating lien on all agriculture, commercial and consumer loans. The amount of the line was 648.3 million and 593.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no amounts
 outstanding on the FRB line of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Lines of Credit . The Bank has uncollateralized lines of credit with multiple banks as a source of funding for liquidity management. The total amount of the
 lines was 160.0 million and 160.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The lines were not used at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Subordinated Debt

In December 2018, the Company issued 26.5 million in subordinated notes. Notes totaling 12.4 million have a maturity date of December 2028 and an average fixed rate of 5.74 for the first five
 years. The remaining 14.1 million of notes have a maturity date of December 2030 and an average fixed rate of 6.41 for the first seven years. After the fixed rate periods, all notes will float at the Wall
 Street Journal prime rate, with a floor of 4.0 and a ceiling of 7.5 . These notes pay interest quarterly, are unsecured, and may be called by the Company at any time after the remaining maturity is five years or less. Additionally,
 these notes are intended to qualify for Tier 2 capital treatment, subject to regulatory limitations.

On September 29, 2020, the Company issued 50.0 million in subordinated notes. Proceeds were reduced by approximately 926 thousand in debt issuance costs. The notes have a maturity
 date of September 2030 with a fixed rate of 4.50 for the first five years. After the expiration of the fixed rate period, the notes will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month Secured Overnight
 Financing Rate, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus 438 basis points. These notes pay interest semi-annually, are unsecured, and may be called by the Company at any time after the remaining
 maturity is five years or less. Additionally, these notes are intended to qualify for Tier 2 capital treatment, subject to regulatory limitations. 

As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of subordinated debt outstanding was 76.5 million, less approximately 511 thousand of remaining debt issuance costs for a total balance of 76.0 million.

55 

Table of Contents 

Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures and Trust Preferred Securities . Between March 2004 and June 2007, the Company formed three wholly-owned
 statutory business trusts solely for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities, the proceeds of which were invested in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures. The trusts are not consolidated and the debentures issued by the
 Company to the trusts are reflected in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company records interest expense on the debentures in its consolidated financial statements. The amount of debentures outstanding was 46.4 million at December
 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has the right, as has been exercised in the past, to defer payments of interest on the securities for up to twenty consecutive quarters. During such time, corporate dividends may not be paid. The Company is current
 in its interest payments on the debentures.

The chart below indicates certain information, as of December 31, 2022, about each of the statutory trusts and the junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, including the date the junior
 subordinated deferrable interest debentures were issued, outstanding amounts of trust preferred securities and junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, the maturity date of the junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, the
 interest rates on the junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures and the investment banker.

Name of Trust

Issue

 Date

Amount

 of Trust

 Preferred

 Securities

Amount of

 Debentures

Stated

 Maturity Date

 of Trust Preferred

 Securities and

 Debentures (1) 

Interest Rate of

 Trust Preferred

 Securities and

 Debentures (2)(3) 

(Dollars in thousands)

South Plains Financial Capital Trust III

2004

10,000

10,310

2034

3-mo. LIBOR

 + 265 bps; 6.97 

South Plains Financial Capital Trust IV

2005

20,000

20,619

2035

33-mo. LIBOR

 + 139 bps; 6.16 

South Plains Financial Capital Trust V

2007

15,000

15,464

2037

3-mo. LIBOR

 + 150 bps; 6.27 

Total

45,000

46,393

(1) 

May be redeemed at the Company s option.

(2) 

Interest payable quarterly with principal due at maturity.

(3) 

Rate as of last reset date, prior to December 31, 2022.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Liquidity

Liquidity refers to the measure of our ability to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting our operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs,
 all at a reasonable cost. We continuously monitor our liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements. We manage our liquidity position to meet the
 daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of our stockholders.

Interest rate sensitivity involves the relationships between rate-sensitive assets and liabilities and is an indication of the probable effects of interest rate fluctuations on the Company s net
 interest income. Interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities are those with yields or rates that are subject to change within a future time period due to maturity or changes in market rates. The model is used to project future net interest
 income under a set of possible interest rate movements. The Company s Investment/Asset Liability Committee ALCO Committee reviews this information to determine if the projected future net interest income levels would be acceptable. The
 Company attempts to stay within acceptable net interest income levels.

Our liquidity position is supported by management of liquid assets and access to alternative sources of funds. Our liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits in correspondent banks,
 federal funds sold, and fair value of unpledged investment securities. Other available sources of liquidity include wholesale deposits, and additional borrowings from correspondent banks, FHLB advances, and the Federal Reserve discount window.

Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily met through cash flow from operations, redeployment of prepaying and maturing balances in our loan and investment portfolios, and
 increases in customer deposits. Other alternative sources of funds will supplement these primary sources to the extent necessary to meet additional liquidity requirements on either a short-term or long-term basis.

56 

Table of Contents 

We believe that we will be able to meet our contractual obligations as they come due through the maintenance of adequate cash levels. We expect to maintain adequate cash levels through
 profitability, loan and securities repayment and maturity activity and continued deposit gathering activities. We have in place various borrowing mechanisms for both short-term and long-term liquidity needs.

Capital Requirements

Total stockholders equity decreased to 357.0 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 407.4 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease from December 31, 2021 was primarily the result of a
 decline in the accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI of 78.8 million, repurchases of common stock of 22.7 million, and by 8.0 million in dividends paid, partially offset by 58.2 million in net earnings for the year ended December
 31, 2022. The decrease in AOCI was attributed to the decline in fair value of our available for sale securities, partially offset by an increase in fair value of our fair value hedges, as a result of the rising interest rate environment.

We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal and state banking regulators. Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements may result in certain mandatory
 and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
 action (described below), we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting policies. The capital amounts and
 classifications are subject to qualitative judgments by the federal banking regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Qualitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy required us to maintain minimum
 amounts and ratio of CET1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets and of tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets, referred to as the leverage ratio. 

The risk-based capital ratios measure the adequacy of a bank s capital against the riskiness of its assets and off-balance sheet activities. Failure to maintain adequate capital is a basis for
 prompt corrective action or other regulatory enforcement action. In assessing a bank s capital adequacy, regulators also consider other factors such as interest rate risk exposure; liquidity, funding and market risks; quality and level of
 earnings; concentrations of credit, quality of loans and investments; risks of any nontraditional activities; effectiveness of bank policies; and management s overall ability to monitor and control risks.

At December 31, 2022, both we and the Bank met all the capital adequacy requirements to which we and the Bank were subject. At December 31, 2022, we and the Bank were well capitalized under the
 regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. Management believes that no conditions or events have occurred since December 31, 2022 that would materially adversely change such capital classifications. From time to time, we may need to raise
 additional capital to support our and the Bank s further growth and to maintain our well capitalized status.

The table below also summarizes the capital requirements applicable to us and the Bank in order to be considered well-capitalized from a regulatory perspective, as well as our and the Bank s
 capital ratios as of the dates indicated.

Actual

Minimum Capital

 Requirement with

 Capital Buffer

Minimum

 To be Considered

 Well Capitalized

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

(Dollars in Thousands)

As of December 31, 2022 :

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

559,094

16.58

354,045

10.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

454,427

13.48

353,967

10.50

337,112

10.00

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

443,265

13.15

286,608

8.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

414,559

12.30

286,545

8.50

269,689

8.00

CET 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

398,265

11.81

236,030

7.00

N/A

N/A

Bank

414,559

12.30

235,978

7.00

219,122

6.50

Tier 1 capital (to average assets)

Consolidated

443,265

11.03

161,662

4.00

N/A

N/A

Bank

414,559

10.32

161,574

4.00

200,774

5.00

57 

Table of Contents 

Actual

Minimum Capital

 Requirement with

 Capital Buffer

Minimum

 To be Considered

 Well Capitalized

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

(Dollars in Thousands)

As of December 31, 2021 :

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

524,836

18.40

299,521

10.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

425,748

14.93

299,465

10.50

285,205

10.00

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

413,322

14.49

242,469

8.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

390,015

13.67

242,424

8.50

228,164

8.00

CET 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

368,322

12.91

199,681

7.00

N/A

N/A

Bank

390,015

13.67

199,644

7.00

185,383

6.50

Tier 1 capital (to average assets)

Consolidated

413,322

10.77

154,592

4.00

N/A

N/A

Bank

390,015

10.16

154,503

4.00

191,859

5.00

Treasury Stock

The Company repurchased stock in accordance with its stock repurchase programs during 2022 and 2021. In 2022, we repurchased 859,802 shares of common stock for a total of 22.7 million. In 2021, we
 repurchased 393,529 shares of common stock for a total of 9.2 million. See Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities , of this Report for further information.

Interest Rate Sensitivity and Market Risk

As a financial institution, our primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Our interest rate risk policy provides management with the guidelines for effective funds management,
 and we have established a measurement system for monitoring our net interest rate sensitivity position. We have historically managed our sensitivity position within our established guidelines.

Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest-earning assets and
 interest-bearing liabilities, other than those which have a short term to maturity. Interest rate risk is the potential of economic losses due to future interest rate changes. These economic losses can be reflected as a loss of future net
 interest income and/or a loss of current fair market values. The objective is to measure the effect on net interest income and to adjust the balance sheet to minimize the inherent risk while at the same time maximizing income.

We manage our exposure to interest rates by structuring our balance sheet in the ordinary course of business. Based upon the nature of our operations, we are not subject to foreign exchange or
 commodity price risk. We do not own any trading assets.

Our exposure to interest rate risk is managed by the ALCO Committee, in accordance with policies approved by the Bank s Board. The ALCO Committee formulates strategies based on appropriate levels of
 interest rate risk. In determining the appropriate level of interest rate risk, the ALCO Committee considers the impact on earnings and capital on the current outlook on interest rates, potential changes in interest rates, regional economies,
 liquidity, business strategies and other factors. The ALCO Committee meets regularly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate changes, the book and market values of assets and liabilities,
 commitments to originate loans and the maturities of investments and borrowings. Additionally, the ALCO Committee reviews liquidity, cash flow flexibility, maturities of deposits and consumer and commercial deposit activity. Management employs
 methodologies to manage interest rate risk, which include an analysis of relationships between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and an interest rate shock simulation model.

We use interest rate risk simulation models and shock analyses to test the interest rate sensitivity of net interest income and fair value of equity, and the impact of changes in interest rates on
 other financial metrics. Contractual maturities and re-pricing opportunities of loans are incorporated in the model. The average lives of non-maturity deposit accounts are based on decay assumptions and are incorporated into the model. All of the
 assumptions used in our analyses are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure future net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. Actual
 results will differ from the model s simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various management strategies.

On a quarterly basis, we run a simulation model for a static balance sheet and other scenarios. These models test the impact on net interest income from changes in market interest rates under
 various scenarios. Under the static model, rates are shocked instantaneously and ramped rates change over a 12-month and 24-month horizon based upon parallel and non-parallel yield curve shifts. Parallel shock scenarios assume instantaneous
 parallel movements in the yield curve compared to a flat yield curve scenario. Non-parallel simulation involves analysis of interest income and expense under various changes in the shape of the yield curve. Our internal policy regarding internal
 rate risk simulations currently specifies that for gradual parallel shifts of the yield curve, estimated net interest income at risk for the subsequent one-year period should not decline by more than 7.5 for a 100 basis point shift, 15 for a
 200 basis point shift, and 22.5 for a 300 basis point shift.

58 

Table of Contents 

The following tables summarize the simulated change in net interest income over a 12-month horizon as of the dates indicated:

As of December 31,

2022

2021

Change in Interest Rates (Basis Points)

Percent Change in

 Net Interest Income

Percent Change in

 Net Interest Income

+300

(1.50

6.89

+200

(0.96

4.53

+100

(0.61

2.02

-100

(1.50

(1.05

-200

(2.81

(1.92

Impact of Inflation

Our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in
 terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative value of money over time due to inflation or recession.

The Company s asset and liability structure is substantially different from that of an industrial company in that virtually all assets and liabilities of the Company are monetary in nature. Management believes the
 impact of inflation on financial results depends upon the Company s ability to react to changes in interest rates and by such reaction, reduce the inflationary impact on performance. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction,
 or at the same magnitude, as the prices of other goods and services. However, other operating expenses do reflect general levels of inflation. Management seeks to manage the relationship between interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities in
 order to protect against wide net interest income fluctuations, including those resulting from inflation.

Various information shown elsewhere in this Report will assist in the understanding of how well the Company is positioned to react to changing interest rates and inflationary trends. In particular, additional
 information related to the Company s interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities is contained in this Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Report under the heading Interest
 Rate Sensitivity and Market Risk. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Our accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP and the prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, we also evaluate our performance based on certain additional financial measures
 discussed in this Report as being non-GAAP financial measures. We classify a financial measure as being a non-GAAP financial measure if that financial measure excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of
 excluding or including amounts, that are included or excluded, as the case may be, in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time in the U.S. in our consolidated statements
 of comprehensive income(loss), balance sheets or statements of cash flows. Non-GAAP financial measures do not include operating and other statistical measures or ratios or statistical measures calculated using exclusively either financial
 measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, operating measures or other measures that are not non-GAAP financial measures or both.

The non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this Report should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the most directly comparable or other financial measures calculated in
 accordance with GAAP. Moreover, the manner in which we calculate the non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this Report may differ from that of other companies reporting measures with similar names. It is important to understand how other
 banking organizations calculate their financial measures with names similar to the non-GAAP financial measures we have discussed in this Report when comparing such non-GAAP financial measures.

Tangible Book Value Per Common Share . Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP measure generally used by investors, financial analysts and investment
 bankers to evaluate financial institutions. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for tangible book value per common share is book value per common share. We believe that the tangible book value per common share measure is important
 to many investors in the marketplace who are interested in changes from period to period in book value per common share exclusive of changes in intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets have the effect of increasing total book value
 while not increasing our tangible book value.

Tangible Common Equity to Tangible Assets . Tangible common equity to tangible assets is a non-GAAP measure generally used by investors, financial analysts
 and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate tangible common equity, as described above, and tangible assets as total assets less goodwill, core deposit intangibles and other intangible assets, net of accumulated
 amortization. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for tangible common equity to tangible assets is total common stockholders equity to total assets. We believe that this measure is important to many investors in the marketplace
 who are interested in the relative changes from period to period of tangible common equity to tangible assets, each exclusive of changes in intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets have the effect of increasing both total
 stockholders equity and assets while not increasing our tangible common equity or tangible assets.

59 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, total stockholders equity to tangible common equity and total assets to tangible assets and then presents book value per common
 share, tangible book value per common share, total stockholders equity to total assets, and tangible common equity to tangible assets:

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(Dollars in thousands)

Total stockholders equity

357,014

407,427

370,048

Less: Goodwill and other intangibles

(23,857

(25,403

(27,070

Tangible common equity

333,157

382,024

342,978

Total assets

3,944,063

3,901,855

3,599,160

Less: Goodwill and other intangibles

(23,857

(25,403

(27,070

Tangible assets

3,920,206

3,876,452

3,572,090

Shares outstanding

17,027,197

17,760,243

18,076,364

Total stockholders equity to total assets

9.05

10.44

10.28

Tangible common equity to tangible assets

8.50

9.85

9.60

Book value per share

20.97

22.94

20.47

Tangible book value per share

19.57

21.51

18.97

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP and conform to general practices within the industry in which we operate. To prepare consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP,
 management makes estimates, assumptions and judgments based on available information. These estimates, assumptions and judgments affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates,
 assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and, as this information changes, actual results could differ from the estimates, assumptions and judgments reflected in the
 consolidated financial statements. In particular, management has identified several accounting policies that, due to the estimates, assumptions and judgments inherent in those policies, are critical in understanding our consolidated financial
 statements.

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act permits us an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards affecting public companies. We have elected
 to take advantage of this extended transition period, which means that the consolidated financial statements included in this Report, as well as any financial statements that we file in the future, will not be subject to all new or revised
 accounting standards generally applicable to public companies for the transition period for so long as we remain an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period under the JOBS Act.

The following is a discussion of the critical accounting policies and significant estimates that we believe require us to make the most complex or subjective decisions or assessments. Additional
 information about these policies can be found in Note 1 of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022.

Securities. Investment securities may be classified into trading, held-to-maturity, or available-for-sale portfolios. Securities that are held principally
 for resale in the near term are classified as trading. Securities that management has the ability and positive intent to hold to maturity are classified as held-to-maturity and recorded at amortized cost. Securities not classified as trading or
 held-to-maturity are available-for-sale and are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings, but included in the determination of other comprehensive income (loss). Management uses these assets as part of its
 asset/liability management strategy; they may be sold in response to changes in liquidity needs, interest rates, resultant prepayment risk changes, and other factors. Management determines the appropriate classification of securities at the time
 of purchase. Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary are included in gain or
 loss on sale of securities. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.

Loans. Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at their outstanding
 principal balances net of any unearned income, charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, and premiums or discounts on purchased loans. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees,
 net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the related loan yield using the straight-line method, which is not materially different from the effective interest method required by GAAP.

60 

Table of Contents 

Loans are placed on non-accrual status when, in management s opinion, collection of interest is unlikely, which typically occurs when principal or interest payments are more than ninety days past
 due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are
 returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.

Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged
 to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The Company s allowance for loan losses
 consists of specific valuation allowances established for probable losses on specific loans and general valuation allowances calculated based on historical loan loss experience for similar loans with similar characteristics and trends,
 judgmentally adjusted for general economic conditions and other qualitative risk factors internal and external to the Company.

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis by management and is based upon management s review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature
 and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires
 estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The determination of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is based on estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the
 economic environment and market conditions. In connection with the determination of the estimated losses on loans, management obtains independent appraisals for significant collateral. The Bank s loans are generally secured by specific items of
 collateral including real property, crops, livestock, consumer assets, and other business assets.

While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, further reductions in the carrying amounts of loans may be necessary based on various factors. In addition, regulatory
 agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the estimated losses on loans. Such agencies may require the Bank to recognize additional losses based on their judgments about information available to them at the
 time of their examination. Because of these factors, it is reasonably possible that the estimated losses on loans may change materially in the near term. However, the amount of the change that is reasonably possible cannot be estimated.

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due
 according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. All loans rated substandard or worse and greater than 250 thousand are specifically reviewed to determine if they are impaired. Factors considered by management in determining whether a
 loan is impaired include payment status and the sources, amounts, and probabilities of estimated cash flow available to service debt in relation to amounts due according to contractual terms. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and
 payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the
 borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.

Loans that are determined to be impaired are then evaluated to determine estimated impairment, if any. GAAP allows impairment to be measured on a loan-by-loan basis by either the present value of
 expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Loans that are not individually determined to be impaired or
 are not subject to the specific review of impaired status are subject to the general valuation allowance portion of the allowance for loan losses.

Loans Held for Sale. Loans held for sale are comprised of residential mortgage loans. Loans that are originated for best efforts delivery are carried at the
 lower of aggregate cost or fair value as determined by aggregate outstanding commitments from investors or current investor yield requirements. All other loans held for sale are carried at fair value under the fair value option. Loans sold are
 typically subject to certain indemnification provisions with the investor; management does not believe these provisions will have any significant consequences.

Mortgage Servicing Rights Asset. When mortgage loans are sold with servicing retained, servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value with the income
 statement effect recorded in net gain on sale of loans. Fair value is based on market prices for comparable mortgage servicing contracts, when available, or alternatively, is based on a valuation model that calculates present value of estimated
 future servicing income.

Under the fair value measurement method, the Company measures servicing rights at fair value at each reporting date and reports change in fair value of servicing assets in earnings in the period in
 which the changes occur, and are included with other noninterest income in the consolidated financial statements. The fair values of servicing rights are subject to significant fluctuations as a result of changes in estimated and actual
 prepayment speeds and default rates and losses.

61 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Goodwill resulting from business combinations is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the
 consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances
 exist that indicate that an impairment test should be performed. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report regarding the impact of new accounting pronouncements
 which we have adopted.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Interest Rate Sensitivity and Market Risk of this Report for discussion on how the Company
 manages market risk.

62 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 686 

 64 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 410 

65 

Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

66 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

67 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

69 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

70 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

71 

63 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Shareholders, Board
 of Directors, and Audit Committee 

South Plains
 Financial, Inc.

Lubbock, Texas

Opinion on
 the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheet of South Plains Financial, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for
 Opinion

These financial
 statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. 

We are a public
 accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
 regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our
 audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audit included
 performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence
 regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
 statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as
 the Company s auditor since 2022.

March 13, 2023

64 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors

South Plains Financial, Inc.

Lubbock, Texas

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of South Plains Financial, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive
 income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the financial
 statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
 of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
 these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
 Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. South Plains Financial, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
 audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
 of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
 due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also
 included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
 basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We served as South Plains Financial, Inc. s auditor from 2018 to 2021. 

March 7, 2022

65 

Table of Contents 

SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

December 31,

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks

Interest-bearing deposits in banks

Cash and cash equivalents

Securities available for sale

Loans held for sale and at fair
 value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively) 

Loans held for investment

Allowance for loan losses

Loans held for investment, net 

Accrued interest receivable

Premises and equipment, net

Bank-owned life insurance

Goodwill

Intangible assets, net

Mortgage servicing rights

Deferred tax asset, net

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Deposits:

Noninterest-bearing

Interest-bearing

Total deposits

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Subordinated debt 

Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures

Total liabilities

Stockholders equity:

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; 
 issued in 2022 and 
 issued in 2021 

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

66 

Table of Contents 

SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income:

Loans, including fees

Securities:

Taxable

Non taxable

Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits in banks

Total interest income

Interest expense:

Deposits

Notes payable other borrowings

Subordinated debt 

Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for loan losses

Net interest income, after provision for loan losses

Noninterest income:

Service charges on deposit accounts

Income from insurance activities

Net gain on sales of loans

Bank card services and interchange fees

Other mortgage banking income 

Realized gain on sale of securities

Investment commissions

Fiduciary fees

Other

Total noninterest income

Noninterest expense:

Salaries and employee benefits

Occupancy and equipment, net

Professional services

Marketing and development

IT and data services

Bank card expenses

Appraisal expenses

Other

Total noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net income

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

67 

Table of Contents 

SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (CONTINUED)

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Earnings per share:

Basic

Diluted

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale

Less: Change in fair value on hedged state and municipal securities 

Reclassification adjustment for (gain) loss included in net income

Tax effect

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

68 

Table of Contents 

SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CHANGES IN
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-in

Retained

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

Shares

Amount

Capital

Earnings

Income (Loss)

Total

Balance at December 31, 2019

Net income

Cash dividends declared - 
 per share

Other comprehensive income 

Exercise of employee stock options, net of shares
 for cashless exercise and net of shares for taxes 

Repurchases of common stock

Stock based compensation

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Cash dividends declared - 
 per share 

Other comprehensive loss 

Exercise of employee stock options, net of shares for cashless exercise and net of shares for taxes 

Repurchases of common stock

Stock-based compensation 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Cash dividends declared - 
 per share

Other comprehensive loss 

Impact of adoption of Topic 842 related to leases

Exercise of employee stock options, net of shares
 for cashless exercise and net of shares for taxes

Repurchases of common stock

Stock-based compensation

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

69 

Table of Contents 

SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:

Provision for loan losses

Depreciation and amortization

Accretion and amortization 

Other gains, net

Net gain on sales of loans

Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale

Loans originated for sale

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance

Stock-based compensation

Change in valuation of mortgage servicing rights

Net change in:

Accrued interest receivable and other assets

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Activity in securities available for sale:

Purchases

Sales

Maturities, prepayments, and calls

Loan originations and principal collections, net

Cash paid for acquisition

Goodwill adjustment related to litigation settlement

Purchases of premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment

Proceeds from sales of foreclosed assets

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net change in deposits

Net change in short-term borrowings

Proceeds from subordinated debt issuance, net

Proceeds from notes payable and other borrowings

Payments to tax authorities for stock-based compensation

Payments made on notes payable and other borrowings

Cash dividends paid on common stock

Payments to repurchase common stock

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Beginning cash and cash equivalents

Ending cash and cash equivalents

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds

Income taxes paid

Supplemental schedule of noncash activities:

Loans transferred to foreclosed assets

Business combination measurement period adjustment

Additions to mortgage servicing rights

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

70 

Table of Contents 

SOUTH PLAINS FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Bank subsidiary

Non-bank subsidiary

Non-bank subsidiary

Non-bank subsidiary

Non-bank subsidiary

Non-bank subsidiary

Wholly-Owned, Equity Method Subsidiaries:

Non-bank subsidiaries

71 

Table of Contents 

past due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed
 against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts
 contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.

thousand are specifically reviewed to determine if they are impaired. Factors considered by management in determining whether a loan is impaired include payment status and the sources, amounts, and probabilities of estimated cash flow available
 to service debt in relation to amounts due according to contractual terms. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment
 delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record,
 and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.

72 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
 and 2020, respectively. 

73 

Table of Contents 

years. Furniture and equipment are depreciated on a useful life between to years.

impairment recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

years. Substantially all CDI is amortized using
 the sum of the years digits method.

years using the straight-line method.

value. Subsequent changes in fair value are
 estimated based on changes in mortgage interest rates from the date the interest rate on the loan is locked.

hedging designation stand-alone derivative ). For a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative, as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item, are recognized in
 current earnings as fair values change. For a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income (loss) and is reclassified into earnings in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects
 earnings. For both types of hedges, changes in the fair value of derivatives that are not highly effective in hedging the changes in fair value or expected cash flows of the hedged item are recognized immediately in current earnings. Changes in
 the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported currently in earnings, as noninterest income.

74 

Table of Contents 

million right-of-use ROU asset, offset by a million lease liability, and a 
 thousand, net of tax, cumulative effect adjustment debit to retained earnings. 

75 

Table of Contents 

76 

Table of Contents 

million, 
 million, and million, respectively.

reportable segments: banking and insurance. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company s
 reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. Operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide basis.

77 

Table of Contents 

thousand to retained earnings at the beginning of the first quarter of 2023, increasing the allowance for credit losses by approximately thousand and increasing the off-balance sheet reserve for unfunded commitments by approximately million . The allowance for credit losses at the transition date may vary
 from our estimate due to refinements in the loss estimation models or factors. 

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Commercial collateralized mortgage obligations

Asset-backed and other amortizing securities

Other securities

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Commercial collateralized mortgage obligations

Asset-backed and other amortizing securities

Other securities

78 

Table of Contents 

After 1 year through 5 years

After 5 years through 10 years

After 10 years

Other

holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government, its agencies, or its sponsored enterprises, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity.

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to collateralize public deposits and for other
 purposes as required or permitted by law.

State and municipal

Mortgage-backed securities - residential

Mortgage-backed securities - commercial 

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Asset-backed and other amortizing securities

Other securities

State and municipal

Mortgage-backed securities - residential

Mortgage-backed securities - commercial 

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Asset-backed and other amortizing securities 

Other securities 

securities with
 an unrealized loss at December 31, 2022. Management does not believe that these losses are other than temporary as there is no intent to sell any of these securities before recovery and it is not probable that the Company will be required to sell
 any of these securities before recovery, and credit loss, if any, is not material. These unrealized losses are largely due to significant increases in market interest rates experienced during 2022 over the yields available at the time the
 underlying securities were purchased. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or if market yields for such investments decline in future periods. Management does not believe any of the securities are
 impaired due to reasons of credit quality. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, management believes the impairments detailed in the table above are temporary and no impairment loss has been realized in the Company s consolidated financial
 statements.

79 

Table of Contents 

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Allowance for loan losses

Loans, net

distinct
 sub-categories: specialized and general. Commercial related segments that are considered specialized include agricultural production and real estate loans, energy loans, and finance, investment, and insurance loans. Commercial related
 segments that contain a broader diversity of borrowers, sub-industries, or serviced industries are grouped into the general category. These include goods, services, restaurant retail, construction, and other industries. 

million at December 31, 2022, compared to million at December 31, 2021. The ratio of allowance for loan losses to loans held for investment was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 

80 

Table of Contents 

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

81 

Table of Contents 

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

thousand
 and greater were specifically evaluated for impairment. Interest income recognized using a cash-basis method on impaired loans for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was not significant. Additional funds committed to be advanced on impaired loans are not
 significant.

nonaccrual mortgage loans held for sale (mandatory) recorded using the fair value option election at December 31, 2022, and
 2021.

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 Family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 Family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

82 

Table of Contents 

-point

grading scale. These grades fit in one of the following categories: (i) pass, (ii) special mention, (iii) substandard, (iv) doubtful, or (v) loss. Loans categorized as loss are charged-off immediately. The grading of loans reflect a judgment by
 the Company about the risks of default associated with the loan. The Company reviews the grades on loans as part of the Company s on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the loan portfolio.

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

Commercial - specialized

Commercial - general

Consumer:

1-4 family residential

Auto loans

Other consumer

Construction

83 

Table of Contents 

loans modified as TDR during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

loans under an active modification subject to these deferral and modification
 agreements. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had loans totaling approximately million subject to these deferral and modification agreements, representing of outstanding loans held for investment.

Additions

Sales, net

Current year valuation write-down

Ending balance

Current year valuation write-down

Operating expenses, net of rental income

Foreclosed assets expense, net

Buildings and improvements

Furniture and equipment

Construction in process

Less accumulated depreciation

Premises and equipment, net

, , and million, respectively.

. When it is reasonably certain
 that the Company will exercise the option to renew or extend the lease term, that option is included in estimating the value of the ROU asset and lease liability. The Company s leases contain customary restrictions and covenants and do not contain
 any residual value guarantees. The Company has certain intercompany leases and subleases between its subsidiaries, and these transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation and are not reflected in the tables and information presented
 below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had finance leases.

84 

Table of Contents 

Operating lease liabilities (included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

million, million and million, respectively for the years ended December 31,
 2022,2021 and 2020, respectively .

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations:

Operating leases

and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022.

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total minimum lease payments

Less: Amount representing interest

Lease liabilities

significant
 additional operating leases that have not yet commenced.

thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively and is included in occupancy and equipment, net in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).

million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Less: Accumulated amortization

Other intangibles

Less: Accumulated amortization

Other intangible assets, net

85 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Additions

Valuation adjustment 

Ending balance

Mortgage
 servicing rights assets as a percentage of serviced mortgage loans

Weighted average discount rate

Weighted average life in years

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

86 

Table of Contents 

balances as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to federal funds purchased or FHLB short-term advances. Federal funds purchased are short-term borrowings that generally have maturities.

million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The available capacity of the line was million and million with outstanding borrowings at December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively.

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This line was not used at December 31, 2022 or 2021.

million and million as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These lines were not used at December 31, 2022 or 2021.

FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021 
 . 

million) are included in other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets under the equity method of accounting. The amount of the capital securities represents the Company s
 maximum exposure to loss.

consecutively. During this time, shareholder dividends are not allowed to be paid.

2034 

-mo. LIBOR +

 bps; 

South Plains Financial Capital Trust IV

2005 

2035 

-mo. LIBOR +

 bps; 

South Plains Financial Capital Trust V

2007 

2037 

-mo. LIBOR +

 bps; 

Total

(2) (3) 

87 

Table of Contents 

million in subordinated notes. Notes totaling million have a maturity date of December 2028 and a weighted average fixed rate of for
 the first . The remaining 
 million of notes have a maturity date of December 2030 and a weighted average fixed rate of for the first . After the fixed rate periods,
 all notes will float at the Wall Street Journal prime rate, with a floor of and a
 ceiling of . These notes pay interest quarterly, are unsecured, and may be called by the Company at any time after the
 remaining maturity is or less. Additionally, these notes qualify for Tier 2 capital treatment, subject to regulatory
 limitations.

million in subordinated notes. Proceeds were reduced by approximately 
 thousand in debt issuance costs. The notes have a maturity date of September 2030 with a fixed rate of for the first .
 After the expiration of the fixed rate period, the notes will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus basis points. These notes pay
 interest semi-annually, are unsecured, and may be called by the Company at any time after the remaining maturity is five years or less. Additionally, these notes qualify for Tier 2 capital treatment, subject to
 regulatory limitations. 

million less approximately thousand and thousand of remaining debt issuance costs, respectively, for a total balance of million and million, respectively. 

of service. 

Company contributions made to the ESOP in 2022, 2021 and 2020.

and , respectively.

and the participant fails to consent to the distribution, the participant s account balance will
 be distributed to an individual retirement account for the participant s benefit. Furthermore, if an ESOP participant s account balance is 
 or less and the participant elects to receive a cash distribution, then such account balance will be distributed to the ESOP participant in a lump sum cash payment. 

of the first of the participants compensation contributed. The expense for Company contributions to the 401(k) Plan was million in 2022, 
 million in 2021, and in 2020 . 

-day waiting period
 for all other employees. In addition, to be eligible, an employee must be scheduled to work on a full-time basis (at least hours
 per week). The Company periodically evaluates the costs of the plan and determines the amount to be contributed by the Company and the amount, if any, to be contributed by the employee. Welfare benefit expense was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In addition, benefit obligations have been accrued and include
 reported claims payable and claims incurred but not reported, for approximately thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has limited its risk exposure for these benefits through a stop-loss policy
 with an independent third party insurer which reimburses benefits paid that exceed thousand per participant per year.

88 

Table of Contents 

million and million was accrued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This plan is nonqualified, noncontributory, and unfunded. The charge to income for this plan during
 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately million, million and, million, respectively.

at December
 31, 2022. The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the Plan may be increased annually by up to of the total
 issued and outstanding common shares of the Company at the beginning of each fiscal year.

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited

Expired

Balance, December 31, 2022

Exercisable at end of period

Vested at end of period

to

to 

Expected dividend yield

Expected term (years)

to 

to 

Risk-free interest rate

to 

to 

Weighted average grant date fair value

million, million, and million, respectively.

89 

Table of Contents 

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited

Balance, December 31, 2022 

, but vesting periods may vary. Compensation expense for these grants will be
 recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the stock at the issue date.

million, million and million, respectively.

million and will be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of years. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively.

State

Deferred expense (benefit) 

Federal

Total

applied to income before income taxes due to the following for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands):

Effect of:

Tax-exempt income

State taxes, net of federal benefit

Earnings from bank owned life insurance

Non-deductible expenses

Other, net

Total

Effective tax rate 

Deferred compensation

Leases

Nonaccrual loans

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities

Depreciation

Intangibles

Prepaid expenses

Mortgage servicing rights

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax asset

90 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. There were charge-offs related to these
 loans in 2022 or 2021 and advance and repayment activity was routine. Deposits from these related parties in the consolidated financial statements were not significant.

Standby letters-of-credit

91 

Table of Contents 

FHLB letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

92 

Table of Contents 

N/A

N/A

City Bank

Tier I Capital to Risk Weighted Assets:

Consolidated

N/A

N/A

City Bank

Common Equity Tier 1 to Risk Weighted Assets:

Consolidated

N/A

N/A

City Bank

Tier I Capital to Average Assets:

Consolidated

N/A

N/A

City Bank

N/A

N/A

City Bank

Tier I Capital to Risk Weighted Assets:

Consolidated

N/A

N/A

City Bank

Common Equity Tier 1 to Risk Weighted Assets:

Consolidated

N/A

N/A

City Bank

Tier I Capital to Average Assets:

Consolidated

N/A

N/A

City Bank

Change in fair value of hedged investment securities

Other noninterest expense 

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps hedging fixed rate loans

Interest income - Loans 

Change in fair value of hedged fixed rate loans

Interest income - Loans 

93 

Table of Contents 

Interest rate swaps related to state and municipal securities

Included in other assets : 

Interest rate swaps related to fixed rate loans

Interest rate swaps related to state and municipal securities

Interest rate lock commitments

Total included in other assets

Included in other liabilities:

Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale

Interest rate lock commitments

Total included in other liabilities

and million to offset asset
 derivative positions on its interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This amount is reported in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had advanced and million to offset liability derivative positions
 on its interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Company had advanced thousand and thousand on its mortgage forward contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The advanced cash collateral amounts are reported in cash
 and due from banks in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

94 

Table of Contents 

Investment in banking subsidiary

Investment in other subsidiary

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Debt

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

Other income

Interest expense

Other expense

Income before income tax and undistributed subsidiary income

Income tax benefit

Equity in undistributed subsidiary income

Net Income

95 

Table of Contents 

Adjustments:

Equity in undistributed subsidiary income

Amortization of debt issuance costs

Stock based compensation

Change in other assets

Change in other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

Payments to tax authorities for stock-based compensation

Payments to repurchase common stock

Cash dividends paid on common stock

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Beginning cash and cash equivalents

Ending cash and cash equivalents

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock based compensation awards 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted

Basic earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share

Provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income

Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Income tax (expense) benefit

Net income

Total assets

96 

Table of Contents 

Provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income

Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Income tax (expense) benefit

Net income

Total assets

Provision for loan losses

Noninterest income

Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Income tax (expense) benefit

Net income

Total assets

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification

Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

Ending balance

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification

Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

Ending balance

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Beginning balance

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification

Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

Ending balance

97 

Table of Contents 

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial collateralized mortgage obligations

Asset-backed and other amortizing securities

Other securities

Loans held for sale (mandatory)

Mortgage servicing rights

Asset derivatives

Liability derivatives

Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis:

Impaired loans

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Commercial collateralized mortgage obligations

Asset-backed and other amortizing securities

Other securities 

Loans held for sale (mandatory)

Mortgage servicing rights

Asset derivatives

Liability derivatives

Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis:

Impaired loans

98 

Table of Contents 

gains or losses recorded attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk. Fair value is determined using quoted prices for similar assets, adjusted for
 specific attributes of that loan. At December 31,2022 and 2021 the aggregate fair value of loans held for sale for mandatory delivery was 
 million and million, respectively. The aggregate unpaid principal balance as of the same dates was million and million,
 respectively, representing differences between fair value and unpaid principal balance of thousand and million, respectively. There were 
 loans held for sale for mandatory delivery designated as nonaccrual or 90 days or more past due at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

 million, ) million, and million, respectively. 

Third party appraisals or inspections

Collateral discounts and selling costs 

- 

Recurring: 

Mortgage servicing rights

Discounted cash flows

Constant prepayment rate 

Discount rate 

December 31, 2021 

Non-recurring 

Impaired loans

Third party appraisals or inspections

Collateral discounts and selling costs 

- 

Recurring: 

Mortgage servicing rights

Discounted cash flows

Constant prepayment rate 

Discount rate 

99 

Table of Contents 

Loans held for investment, net

Loans held for sale (best efforts)

Accrued interest receivable

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

Accrued interest payable

Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures

Subordinated debt 

Loans held for investment, net

Loans held for sale (best efforts) 

Accrued interest receivable

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

Accrued interest payable

Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures

Subordinated debt 

, the
 Company declared a cash dividend of per share of common stock to be paid on to all shareholders of record as of .

100 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

The Company s management has carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of
 the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
 that, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company were effective.

There have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

The design of any system of controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any design
 will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
 over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The internal control process has been designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP.

Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, utilizing the framework established
 in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).

101 

Table of Contents 

Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective.

Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable
 detail, transactions and dispositions of assets and provide reasonable assurances that: (1) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP; (2) receipts and expenditures are being made
 only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (3) unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements are
 prevented or timely detected.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
 assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
 that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

This Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As an
 emerging growth company, management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the JOBS Act.

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

102 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after our fiscal year end (the Proxy Statement ).

In accordance with Item 406 of Regulation S-K, we have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to Company executives, directors and employees. The Code of
 Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.spfi.bank under Governance. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver
 applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
 our fiscal year end.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
 our fiscal year end.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
 our fiscal year end.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
 our fiscal year end.

103 

Table of Contents 

Part IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

(1) 

The consolidated financial statements, notes thereto and independent auditors report thereon, filed as part hereof, are listed in Item 8.

(2) 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

(3) 

Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between South Plains Financial, Inc., SPFI Merger Sub, Inc., City Bank, and West Texas State Bank, dated as of July 25, 2019, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019 (File No. 38895)) (schedules to which have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K and will be provided to the SEC upon request).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation of South Plains Financial, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of South Plains Financial, Inc.
 (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

3.2 

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of South Plains Financial, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2021 (File No.
 001-38895)).

4.1 

Specimen common stock certificate of South Plains Financial, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of South Plains Financial, Inc. (Registration No.
 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

4.2 

Indenture, dated September 29, 2020, by and between South Plains Financial, Inc. and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020 (File No. 001-38895)).

4.3 

Form of Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Note due September 30, 2030 (included as Exhibit A-2 to the Indenture incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 4.2 hereto).

10.1 

Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2019, by and among South Plains Financial, Inc., West Texas State Bank and the shareholders of West Texas State Bank party thereto (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019 (File No. 38895)).

10.2 

Form of Director Support Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2019, by and among South Plains Financial, Inc. and each non-employee director of West Texas State Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019 (File No. 38895)).

10.3 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 18, 2019, by and between South Plains Financial, Inc., City Bank, and Curtis C. Griffith (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 19, 2019 (File No. 001-38895)).

10.4 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 6, 2019, by and between South Plains Financial, Inc. and Cory T. Newsom (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form
 S-1/A of South Plains Financial, Inc. (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

10.5 

Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and among City Bank, Curtis C. Griffith and South Plains Financial, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 (File No. 001-38895)).

10.6 

Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and among City Bank, Cory T. Newsom and South Plains Financial, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 (File No. 001-38895)).

10.7 

South Plains Financial, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A of South Plains Financial, Inc. (Registration No.
 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

104 

Table of Contents 

10.8 

Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the South Plains Financial, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A of South
 Plains Financial, Inc. (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

10.9 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the South Plains Financial, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of
 South Plains Financial, Inc. (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

10.10 

Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A of South Plains Financial, Inc. (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29,
 2019).

10.11 

Deferred Compensation Plan Adoption Agreement of Cory T. Newsom (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A of South Plains Financial, Inc. (Registration
 No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

10.12 

Joint Beneficiary Designation Agreement of Cory Newsom, effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A of South Plains Financial,
 Inc. (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

10.13 

Joint Beneficiary Designation Agreement of Cory Newsom, effective April 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A of South Plains Financial, Inc.
 (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

10.14 

Board Representation Agreement between South Plains Financial, Inc. and James C. Henry (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A of South Plains
 Financial, Inc. (Registration No. 333-230851) filed April 29, 2019).

10.15 

Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2020, by and among South Plains Financial, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020 (File No. 001-38895)).

10.16 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2020, by and among South Plains Financial, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020 (File No. 001-38895)).

16.1 

Letter from Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P., dated October 26, 2021, to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of the Current Report on form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on October 26, 2021 (File No. 001-38895)).

16.2 

Letter from Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P., dated March 11, 2022, to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of the Current Report on form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on March 11, 2022 (File No. 001-38895)).

21.1 

Subsidiaries of South Plains Financial, Inc.

23.1 

Consent of FORVIS.

23.2 

Consent of Weaver and Tidwell, LLP.

31.1 

Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

31.2 

Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

105 

Table of Contents 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

106 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

South Plains Financial, Inc.

Date: March 13, 2023

By:

/s/ Curtis C. Griffith

Curtis C. Griffith

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and
 on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Curtis C. Griffith

Curtis C. Griffith

Director (Chairman); Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)

March 13, 2023

/s/ Cory T. Newsom

Cory T. Newsom

Director and President

March 13, 2023

/s/ Steven B. Crockett

Steven B. Crockett

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer)

March 13, 2023

/s/ Richard D. Campbell

Richard D. Campbell

Director

March 13, 2023

/s/ Cynthia B. Keith

Cynthia B. Keith

Director

March 13, 2023

/s/ Noe G. Valles

Noe G. Valles

Director

March 13, 2023

/s/ Kyle R. Wargo

Kyle R. Wargo

Director

March 13, 2023

107 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 brhc10049609_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiaries of South Plains Financial, Inc.

Entity Name 

State of Incorporation 

CB Provence, LLC

Texas

CBT Brushy Creek, LLC

Texas

CBT Properties, LLC

Texas

City Bank

Texas

Ruidoso Retail, Inc.

Texas

South Plains Financial Capital Trust III

Delaware

South Plains Financial Capital Trust IV

Delaware

South Plains Financial Capital Trust V

Delaware

Windmark Insurance Agency, Inc.

Texas

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brhc10049609_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement of South Plains Financial, Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-231667) and on Form S-4/A (No. 333-250021) of our report dated March
 13, 2023, on our audit of the consolidated financial statements of South Plains Financial, Inc. as of December 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

/s/ FORVIS, LLP 

Houston, Texas

 March 13, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 brhc10049609_ex23-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

Exhibit 23.2

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee

 South Plains Financial, Inc.

 Lubbock, Texas

We consent to the incorporation by reference in South Plains Financial, Inc. s Registration Statement (No. 333-231667) on Form S-8 and the Registration Statement (No. 333-250021) on Form S-4/A of
 our report dated March 7, 2022 relating to the consolidated financial statements of South Plains Financial, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Experts in the Form
 S-4/A. 

/s/ Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P. 

Fort Worth, Texas

 March 13, 2023

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 brhc10049609_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Curtis C. Griffith, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of South Plains Financial, Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this report 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 13, 2023

By:

/s/ Curtis C. Griffith

Curtis C. Griffith

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 brhc10049609_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Steven B. Crockett, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of South Plains Financial, Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this report 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 13, 2023

By:

/s/ Steven B. Crockett

Steven B. Crockett

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 brhc10049609_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of South Plains Financial, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
 hereof, I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 13, 2023

By:

/s/ Curtis C. Griffith

Curtis C. Griffith

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 brhc10049609_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of South Plains Financial, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
 hereof, I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 13, 2023

By:

/s/ Steven B. Crockett

Steven B. Crockett

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 spfi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 spfi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 spfi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 spfi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 spfi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

