<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_916076_0000950170-23-004361.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38307367</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>470720</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6448292</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19626113</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3464170</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7369998</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004361.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224152947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004361
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		161
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000916076
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				561848578
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12744
		FILM NUMBER:		23666404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4123 PARKLAKE AVE
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919-781-4550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4123 PARKLAKE AVE
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004361.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 mlm-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

c9 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock on the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding at February 17, 2023 

Common Stock, .01 par value per share 
 
 shares 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 13 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 26 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 27 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 31 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 31 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 31 

PART II 
 32 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 32 

ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 34 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 35 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 68 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 70 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 113 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 113 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 114 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 114 

PART III 
 115 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 115 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 115 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 115 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 115 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 115 

PART IV 
 116 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 116 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 122 

SIGNATURES 	 
 123 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 PAR T I 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 General 
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the Company or Martin Marietta) is a natural resource-based building materials company. The Company supplies aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel) through its network of approximately 350 quarries, mines and distribution yards in 28 states, Canada and The Bahamas. In 2022, aggregates product gross profit accounted for 69 of the Company s consolidated total products and services gross profit. Martin Marietta also provides cement and downstream products, namely, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving services, in markets that are naturally vertically integrated and where the Company has a leading aggregates position. The Company s heavy-side building materials are used in infrastructure, nonresidential and residential construction projects. Aggregates are also used in agricultural, utility and environmental applications and as railroad ballast. The aggregates, cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving operations are reported collectively as the Building Materials business . The Company also operates a Magnesia Specialties business with production facilities in Michigan and Ohio. The Magnesia Specialties business produces magnesia-based chemical products that are used in industrial, agricultural and environmental applications. It also produces dolomitic lime sold primarily to customers for steel production and soil stabilization. Magnesia Specialties products are shipped to customers domestically and worldwide. 
 On April 30, 2021, the Company acquired Tiller Corporation (Tiller), a leading aggregates and hot mix asphalt supplier in the Minneapolis/St. Paul area, a large and fast-growing midwestern metropolitan area. The Tiller acquisition complemented the Company s existing product offerings in the surrounding areas. Additionally, Tiller sells asphalt solely as a materials provider and does not offer paving or other associated services. Tiller is reported in the Company s East Group. 
 On July 30, 2021, the Company acquired assets of Southern Crushed Concrete (SCC). SCC was a leading producer of recycled concrete in the Houston area, one of the country s largest aggregates markets. Recycled concrete is principally used as a base aggregates product in infrastructure, commercial and residential construction applications. SCC is reported in the Company s West Group. 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company acquired the Lehigh Hanson West Region business (Lehigh West Region) for 2.26 billion in cash. The acquisition included a portfolio of 17 active aggregates quarries, two cement plants with related distribution terminals, and targeted downstream operations in California, Arizona, Nevada and Oregon. These operations provided a new upstream, materials-led growth platform across several of the nation s largest megaregions in California and Arizona, solidifying the Company s position as a leading coast-to-coast aggregates producer. The acquired cement plants, distribution terminals and California ready mixed concrete operations are classified as assets held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Lehigh West Region business is reported in the Company s West Group. 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company divested its Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete operations to Smyrna Ready Mix Concrete LLC. This transaction optimized the Company s aggregates-led portfolio and improved its ability to generate more attractive margins over the long term by reducing both business cyclicality and exposure to raw material cost inflation. The transaction resulted in a pretax gain of 151.9 million, inclusive of expenses incurred due to the divestiture. The divested operations and the gain on divestiture are all reported in the West Group in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. 
 On June 30, 2022, the Company divested the Redding, California cement plant, related cement distribution terminals and 14 California ready mix operations for 235.0 million in cash. In addition, on July 15, 2022, the Company sold its interest in a joint venture that operates a cement distribution terminal for 15.0 million. These assets were acquired in connection with the acquisition of the Lehigh West Region business in 2021. 
 On August 9, 2022, the Company announced a definitive agreement to sell the Tehachapi, California cement plant and related distribution terminals for 350.0 million in cash, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. These assets were acquired in connection with the acquisition of the Lehigh West Region. 
 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY S BUSINESS PRIOR TO 2021, SEE THE INFORMATION APPEARING UNDER THE HEADING GENERAL INCLUDED IN PART I, ITEM 1 OF THE COMPANY S FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, WHICH INFORMATION IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. 

Form 10-K Page 1 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 Business Segment Information 
 The Company conducts its Building Materials business through two reportable segments, organized by geography: East Group and West Group. The East Group provides aggregates and asphalt products. The West Group provides aggregates, cement, downstream products and paving services. The ten largest revenue-generating states accounted for 83 of the Building Materials business' total revenues in 2022: Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Minnesota, California, Georgia, Arizona, Iowa, Florida and Indiana. The Company s Magnesia Specialties business is reported as a separate segment, which includes its magnesia-based chemicals and dolomitic lime businesses. For more information on the organization and geographic area of the Company s business segments, see Note A: Accounting Policies and Note P: Segments of the Notes to Financial Statements of the Company s consolidated financial statements, which appear in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K), which information is incorporated by reference. 
 Building Materials Business 
 The profitability of the Building Materials business, which serves customers in the construction marketplace, is sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions and construction cyclicality, which are in turn affected by fluctuations in levels of public-sector infrastructure funding; interest rates; access to capital markets; and demographic, geographic, employment and population dynamics. The heavy-side construction business is conducted outdoors, as are much of the Building Materials business s operations. Therefore, erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes, and other weather-related conditions, including precipitation, flooding, hurricanes, snowstorms, extreme temperatures, wildfires, earthquakes and droughts, can significantly affect production schedules, shipments, costs, efficiencies and profitability. Generally, the financial results for the first and fourth quarters are subject to the impacts of winter weather, while the second and third quarters are subject to the impacts of heavy precipitation. 
 The Building Materials business markets its products primarily to the construction industry, with 35 of its 2022 aggregates shipments sold to contractors in connection with highway and other public infrastructure projects and the balance of its shipments sold primarily to contractors for nonresidential and residential construction projects. The Company believes the business mix of public sector-related shipments lessens the impacts of fluctuations in nonresidential and residential, or private-sector, construction spending. 
 Funding of public infrastructure, historically the Company s largest end-use market, is discussed in greater detail under Building Materials Business Key Considerations Public Infrastructure in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Form 10-K. 
 The Building Materials business covers a wide geographic area. The five largest revenue-generating states (Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Minnesota and California) accounted for 64 of the Building Materials business total revenues in 2022. The Building Materials business is accordingly affected by the economies in these regions and has been adversely affected in part by recessions and weaknesses in these economies from time to time and may be affected by a decline in economic conditions, such as recession, economic downtown or inflationary conditions in the future. In 2022, aggregates shipments increased 3.3 , driven primarily by a full year of shipments in the California and Arizona operations acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Aggregates 
 Aggregates, consisting of crushed stone, sand and gravel, are an engineered, granular material that is manufactured to specific sizes, grades and chemistry for use primarily in construction applications. The Company s operations consist primarily of open pit quarries; however, the Company is the largest operator of underground aggregates mines in the United States, with 14 active underground mines located in the East Group. 
 Natural aggregates sources can be found in relatively homogeneous deposits in certain areas of the United States. Proximity of quarry facilities to customers construction sites or to long-haul transportation corridors is an important factor in competition for aggregates businesses. As a general rule, the distance truck shipments travel from an individual quarry is limited because the cost of transporting processed aggregates to customers is high in relation to the price of the product itself. The Company s distribution system mainly uses trucks, but also has access to rail and waterborne networks where the per-mile unit costs of transporting aggregates are much lower. 
 The Company s distribution network moves aggregates materials from certain domestic and offshore sources via its long-haul rail and waterborne distribution network, to markets where aggregates supply is limited. The Company s rail network primarily serves its Texas, Florida, Colorado and Gulf Coast markets, while the Company s locations in The Bahamas and Nova Scotia 

Form 10-K Page 2 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 transport materials via oceangoing ships. The Company s strategic focus includes expanding inland and offshore capacity and acquiring distribution facilities and port locations to offload transported material. At December 31, 2022, the Company s aggregates distribution facilities consisted of 78 terminals. The Company s expansion of its rail-based distribution network, coupled with the extensive use of rail service, increases the Company s dependence on and exposure to railroad performance, including track congestion, crew availability, railcar availability, locomotive availability and the ability to renegotiate favorable railroad shipping contracts. The waterborne distribution network also increases the Company s exposure to certain risks, including, among other items, meeting minimum tonnage requirements of shipping contracts, demurrage costs, fuel costs, ship availability and weather disruptions. The Company has long-term agreements with shipping companies to provide ships to transport its aggregates to various coastal ports. 
 The Company generally acquires contiguous property around existing quarry locations. Such parcels can serve as buffer property or additional mineral reserves, assuming the underlying geology supports economical aggregates mining. In either instance, the acquisition of additional property around an existing quarry allows the expansion of the quarry footprint and extension of quarry life. Some locations having limited reserves may be unable to expand. 
 Due to the nature of the indigenous aggregates supply in the midwestern United States, a long-term capital focus for the Company is underground limestone aggregates mines. Production costs are generally higher at underground mines than surface quarries since the depth of the aggregates deposits and the access to the reserves result in higher costs related to development, explosives and depreciation costs. However, these locations often possess marketplace transportation advantages that can lead to higher average selling prices than more distant surface quarries. 
 The construction aggregates industry has been consolidating, and the Company has actively participated in the industry s consolidation. The Company s Board of Directors and management continue to review and monitor the Company s long-term strategic plans, commonly referred to as SOAR S trategic O perating A nalysis and R eview), which include assessing portfolio optimization strategies that include business combinations and arrangements with other companies engaged in similar businesses, investing in internal expansion projects in high-growth markets, divesting businesses or nonoperating assets that are not core or do not further management s strategy and pursuing new opportunities in the Company s existing markets or new markets. Acquisition opportunities include public companies and private sponsor-owned and family-owned businesses, as well as asset swaps and divestitures from companies executing their strategic plans, rationalizing non-core assets and repairing financially-constrained balance sheets. When acquired, new locations sometimes do not satisfy the Company s internal safety, maintenance, pit development or other standards, and may require additional investments before benefits of the acquisitions are fully realized. 
 Management believes its aggregates reserves are sufficient to permit production at present operational levels for the foreseeable future. The Company does not anticipate any significant difficulty in accessing reserves used for production. The Company s aggregates reserves average approximately 75 years, based on the 2022 annual production level. However, certain locations may be subject to more limited reserves and may not be able to expand. Moreover, environmental, zoning and land use regulations will likely make it harder for the Company to expand its existing quarries or develop new quarry operations. Although it cannot be predicted what policies will be adopted in the future by federal, state and local governmental bodies regarding these matters, the Company anticipates that future restrictions will likely make zoning and permitting more difficult, thereby potentially enhancing the value of the Company s existing mineral reserves. 
 The Company generally sells its aggregates upon receipt of customer orders or requests. The Company generally maintains inventories of aggregates products in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements of customers. 
 Cement and Downstream Operations 
 Cement is the basic agent used to bind aggregates, sand and water in the production of ready mixed concrete. Similar to aggregates, cement is used in infrastructure projects, nonresidential and residential construction, and the railroad, agricultural, utility and environmental industries. Consequently, the cement industry is cyclical and dependent on the strength of the construction sector. The Company has a strategic and leading cement position in Texas, with production facilities in Midlothian, Texas, south of Dallas/Fort Worth, and Hunter, Texas, north of San Antonio. These plants, which produce Portland and specialty cements, operated at 77 utilization in 2022. Clinker is the initial product in cement production, and the two Texas production facilities have a combined annual clinker capacity of 4.5 million tons. The Midlothian plant permit allows the Company to expand annual production by up to 0.8 million additional tons. The Company is currently undertaking a finishing capacity expansion project at the Midlothian plant, which is expected to be completed in mid-2024 and will provide 0.5 million tons of 

Form 10-K Page 3 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 annual incremental capacity. Further, the Company is nearing completion of converting its plants to manufacture a less carbon-intensive Portland limestone cement, known as Type 1L, which has been approved by the Texas Department of Transportation. 
 In 2021, as part of the Lehigh West Region acquisition, the Company acquired a cement plant in each of Redding, California and Tehachapi, California, and several cement distribution terminals. The Redding, California plant and related terminals were sold in June 2022 and the Tehachapi, California and related terminals are classified as assets held for sale as of December 31, 2022. 
 Calcium carbonate in the form of limestone is the principal raw material used in the production of cement. The Company owns more than 600 million tons of limestone reserves adjacent to its Texas cement production plants on Company-owned property. Management believes that its reserves of limestone are sufficient to permit production at its cement plants at the current operational levels for the foreseeable future. 
 Cement consumption is dependent on the time of year and prevalent weather conditions. According to the Portland Cement Association, nearly two-thirds of U.S. cement consumption occurs in the six months between May and October. Approximately 70 to 75 of all cement shipments are sent to ready-mixed concrete operators. The remainder is shipped to manufacturers of concrete-related products, contractors, materials dealers and oil well/mining/drilling companies. The Company's cement operations generally deliver their products upon receipt of customer orders or requests. Inventory for products is generally maintained in sufficient quantities to meet rapid delivery requirements of customers . 
 Energy accounted for approximately 28 of the cement total production cost profile in 2022. Therefore, cement profitability is affected by changes in energy prices and the available supply of these products. The Company currently has fixed-price supply contracts for portions of its natural gas, power and coal needs, but also consumes alternative fuel and petroleum coke. Further, profitability of the cement operations is also impacted by kiln maintenance, which typically requires a plant to be shut down for a period of time. 
 Ready mixed concrete is measured in cubic yards and specifically batched or produced for customers construction projects and then typically transported by mixer trucks and poured at the project site. The aggregates used for ready mixed concrete is a washed material with limited amounts of fines (such as dirt and clay). As of December 31, 2022, the Company operates 94 ready mix plants in Arizona, California and Texas. The California ready mixed concrete operations are classified as assets held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and reported as discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Asphalt is most commonly used in surfacing roads and parking lots and consists of liquid asphalt, or bitumen, the binding medium, and aggregates. Similar to ready mixed concrete, each asphalt batch is produced to customer specifications. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operates 38 asphalt plants in Arizona, California, Colorado and Minnesota. The Company also offers paving services in California and Colorado. Market dynamics for these downstream product lines include a highly competitive environment and lower barriers to entry compared with aggregates and cement. 
 The cement and downstream operations results are affected by volatile factors, including energy-related costs, operating efficiencies and weather, to a greater extent than the Company s aggregates operations. Liquid asphalt and cement serve as key raw materials in the production of hot mix asphalt and ready mixed concrete, respectively. Therefore, fluctuations in prices for these raw materials directly affect the Company s operating results. 
 Magnesia Specialties Business 
 The Magnesia Specialties business produces and sells dolomitic lime from its Woodville, Ohio facility and manufactures magnesia-based chemical products for industrial, agricultural and environmental applications at its Manistee, Michigan facility. These magnesia-based chemical products have varying uses, including flame retardants, wastewater treatment, pulp and paper production and other environmental applications. In 2022, 72 of Magnesia Specialties total revenues were attributable to chemical products, 27 to lime, and 1 to stone sold as construction materials. 
 Magnesia Specialties generally delivers its products upon receipt of customer orders or requests. Inventory for products is generally maintained in sufficient quantities to meet rapid delivery requirements of customers. A significant portion of the 275,000-ton dolomitic lime capacity from a lime kiln at Woodville, Ohio is committed under a long-term supply contract. In 2022, 74 of the lime shipments in the Magnesia Specialties business was sold to third-party customers, while the remaining 26 was used internally as a raw material in making the business chemical products. Dolomitic lime products sold to external customers are used primarily by the steel industry. In 2022, 31 of the Magnesia Specialties total revenues were attributable to products used in the steel industry, primarily dolomitic lime. Accordingly, a portion of the revenues and profitability of the Magnesia Specialties business is affected by production and inventory trends in the steel industry. These trends are guided by the rate of consumer consumption, the flow of offshore imports and other economic factors. The dolomitic lime business runs 

Form 10-K Page 4 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 most profitably at 70 or greater domestic steel capacity utilization. According to the Federal Reserve, domestic steel capacity utilization averaged 75 of capacity in 2022 versus 81 of capacity in 2021. 
 In the Magnesia Specialties business, a significant portion of costs is of a fixed or semi-fixed nature. The production process requires the use of natural gas, coal and petroleum coke. Therefore, fluctuations in their pricing directly affect operating results. To help mitigate this risk, the Magnesia Specialties business has fixed-price agreements for approximately 39 of its 2023 coal and natural gas needs. For 2022, the Company s average cost per MMBtu (1,000,000 British thermal units) of natural gas increased 47 versus 2021. 
 Given high fixed costs, low capacity utilization can negatively affect the segment s results from operations. Management has shifted the strategic focus of the magnesia-based business to specialty chemicals that can be produced at volume levels that support efficient operations. Accordingly, these products are not as dependent on the steel industry as the dolomitic lime product line. Management expects future organic profit growth to result from increased pricing, efficiency enhancements, rationalization of the current product portfolio and/or further cost reductions. 
 The principal raw materials used in the Magnesia Specialties business are dolomitic limestone and magnesium-rich brine. Management believes that its reserves of dolomitic limestone and brine are sufficient to permit production at the current operational levels for the foreseeable future. 
 The Magnesia Specialties business is highly dependent on rail transportation, particularly for movement of dolomitic lime from Woodville to Manistee and direct customer shipments of dolomitic lime and magnesia chemicals products from both Woodville and Manistee. The segment can be affected by the specific transportation and other risks and uncertainties outlined under Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Form 10-K. 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company owns, has the right to use, or has pending applications for patents pending or granted by the United States and various countries and trademarks related to its business. The Company believes that its rights under its existing patents, patent applications and trademarks are of value to its operations, but no one patent or trademark or group of patents or trademarks is material to the conduct of the Company s business as a whole. 
 Customers 
 The Company s products are sold principally to commercial customers in private industry. Although large amounts of construction materials are used in public works projects, relatively insignificant sales are made directly to federal, state, county or municipal governments, or agencies thereof. No material part of the business as a whole, or of any segment of the Company, is dependent upon a single customer or upon a few customers. The loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on any segment of the Company. 
 Competition 
 The nature of the Company s competition varies among its products due to the widely differing amounts of capital necessary to build and maintain production facilities. Crushed stone production from quarries or mines and sand and gravel production by dredging or otherwise are moderately capital intensive. Construction of cement production facilities is highly capital intensive and requires long lead times to complete engineering design, obtain regulatory permits, acquire equipment and construct a plant. Most domestic cement producers are owned by large foreign companies operating in multiple international markets. Many of these producers maintain the capability to import cement from foreign production facilities. Ready mixed concrete production requires relatively small amounts of capital to build a concrete batching plant and acquire delivery trucks. Accordingly, economics can lead to lower barriers to entry in some concrete markets. As a result, depending on the local market, the Company may face competition from small producers as well as large, vertically-integrated companies with facilities in many markets. 
 The Company operates in a largely-fragmented industry, including large, public companies and a large number of small, privately-held companies. Other publicly traded companies among the ten-largest U.S. aggregates producers include the following: 
 Arcosa, Inc. 

CEMEX S.A.B. de C.V. 

Form 10-K Page 5 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 CRH plc 

Heidelberg Materials 

Holcim 

MDU Resources Group, Inc. 

Summit Materials, Inc. 

Vulcan Materials Company 

Due to the localized nature of the industry resulting from the high cost of transportation relative to the price of the product, the Building Materials business primarily operates in smaller distinct areas that can vary from one another. The Company believes that its ability to transport materials by rail and waterborne vessels has enhanced its ability to compete in the building materials industry. 
 Capacity for cement plants is often stated in terms of clinker capacity. According to the Portland Cement Association, United States cement production is widely dispersed, with the top five companies collectively producing approximately 58 of U.S. clinker capacity. An estimated 84 of U.S. clinker capacity is owned by companies headquartered outside of the United States. The Company s cement operations also compete with imported cement because of the higher value of the product and the existence of major ports or terminals in Texas and California. 
 The Company s ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving operations are also in markets with numerous operators, large and small. 
 The Magnesia Specialties business competes with various companies in different geographic and product areas principally on the basis of quality, price, technological advances and technical support for its products. While the revenues of the Magnesia Specialties business in 2022 were predominantly domestic, a portion was derived from customers located outside the United States. 
 Environmental and Governmental Regulations 
 Overview 
 The Company s operations are subject to and affected by federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations relating to zoning, land use, mining, air emissions (including CO 2 and other greenhouse gases), water use, allocation and discharges, waste management, noise and dust exposure control, reclamation and other environmental, health and safety, and regulatory matters. Certain of the Company s operations may from time to time involve the use of substances that are classified as toxic or hazardous within the meaning of these laws and regulations. Environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for certain of the Company s operations, and such permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. 
 Environmental Compliance and Costs 
 The Company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with existing laws, rules and regulations, changes in interpretations of existing laws and enforcement policies, new laws that are adopted and new laws that the Company anticipates will be adopted that could affect its operations, including with respect to climate change. The Company has a full-time team of environmental engineers and managers that perform these responsibilities. The direct costs of ongoing environmental compliance were approximately 35.6 million in 2022 and 31.0 million in 2021 and are related to the Company s environmental staff, ongoing monitoring costs for various matters (including those matters disclosed in this Form 10-K) and asset retirement costs. Capitalized costs related to environmental control facilities were approximately 20.0 million in 2022 and are expected to be approximately 20.0 million in 2023 and 25.0 million in 2024. The Company s capital expenditures for environmental matters were not material to its results of operations or financial condition in 2022 and 2021. However, the Company s expenditures for environmental matters generally have increased over time and are likely to increase in the future. Despite the Company s compliance efforts, the risk of environmental liability is inherent in the Company s businesses, and environmental liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the Company in the future. Complying with governmental and environmental regulations did not have and is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, other than as discussed in this section. 
 Many of the applicable requirements of environmental laws are satisfied by procedures that the Company adopts as best practices in the ordinary course of its business. For example, plant equipment that is used to crush aggregates products may, in the ordinary course of operations, have an attached water spray bar that is used to clean the stone. The water spray bar also 

Form 10-K Page 6 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 serves as a dust control mechanism that complies with applicable environmental laws. Moreover, the Company does not separate the portion of the cost, depreciation and other financial information relating to the water spray bar that is attributable only to environmental purposes, as such an allocation would be arbitrary. The incremental portion of such operating costs that is attributable to environmental compliance rather than best operating practices is impractical to quantify. Accordingly, the Company records costs in that category when incurred as operating expenses. 
 As is the case with others in the cement industry, the Company s cement operations produce varying quantities of cement kiln dust (CKD). This production by-product consists of fine-grained, solid, highly alkaline material removed from cement kiln exhaust gas by air pollution control devices. Since much of the CKD is unreacted raw materials, it is generally permissible to recycle the CKD back into the production process, and large amounts often are treated in such manner. CKD that is not returned to the production process or sold as a product itself is disposed in landfills. CKD is currently exempted from federal hazardous waste regulations under Subtitle C of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. 
 The environmental accruals recorded by the Company are based on internal studies of the required remediation costs and estimates of potential costs that arise from time to time under federal, state and/or local environmental protection laws. Many of these laws and their attendant regulations are complex and are subject to challenges and new interpretations by regulators and the courts. In addition, new laws are also adopted from time to time. It is often difficult to accurately and fully quantify the costs to comply with new rules until it is determined to which type of operations they will apply and the manner in which they will be implemented is more accurately defined. This process typically takes years to finalize, and the rules often change significantly from the time they are proposed to the time they are final. The Company typically has several appropriate alternatives available to satisfy compliance requirements, which could range from nominal costs to some alternatives that may be satisfied in conjunction with equipment replacement or expansion that also benefit operating efficiencies or capacities and carry significantly higher costs. 
 Management believes that its current accrual for environmental costs is reasonable, although those amounts may increase or decrease depending on the impact of applicable rules as they are finalized or amended from time to time and changes in facts and circumstances. The Company believes that its operations and facilities, both owned or leased, are in substantial compliance with applicable laws and regulations and any potential noncompliance is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations or financial condition. See Legal Proceedings under Item 3 of this Form 10-K, Note O: Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements of the Company s consolidated financial statements included under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Form 10-K, and the Environmental Regulation and Litigation section included under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this Form 10-K. However, future events, such as changes in or modified interpretations of existing laws and regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards of certain products or business activities, may give rise to additional compliance and other costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Mine Safety and Land Reclamation 
 In general, mining, production and distribution facilities for aggregates, cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt must comply with air quality, water quality and other environmental regulations, zoning and special use permitting requirements, applicable mining regulations, and federal health and safety requirements. As the Company locates and acquires new production and distribution facilities, the Company works closely with local authorities during the zoning and permitting processes to design new quarries, mines, production and distribution facilities in such a way as to minimize disturbances. The Company frequently acquires large tracts of land so that quarry, mine, production and distribution facilities can be situated at a substantial distance from surrounding property owners. Also, in certain markets, the Company s ability to transport material by rail and water allows it to locate its facilities further away from residential areas. The Company has established policies designed to minimize disturbances to surrounding property owners from its operations. 
 As is the case with other similarly situated companies, some of the Company s products contain varying amounts of crystalline silica, a common mineral also known as quartz. Excessive, prolonged inhalation of very small-sized particles of crystalline silica has been associated with lung diseases, including silicosis, and several scientific organizations and some states, such as California, have reported that crystalline silica can cause lung cancer. The Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) have established occupational thresholds for crystalline silica exposure as respirable dust. The Company monitors occupational exposures at its facilities and implements dust control procedures and/or makes available appropriate respiratory protective equipment to maintain the occupational exposures at or below the required levels. The Company, through safety information sheets and other means, also communicates 

Form 10-K Page 7 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 appropriate warnings and cautions its employees and customers about the risks associated with excessive, prolonged inhalation of mineral dust in general and crystalline silica in particular. 
 The Company is generally required by state or local laws or pursuant to the terms of an applicable lease to reclaim quarry sites after use. Future reclamation costs are estimated using statutory reclamation requirements and management s experience and knowledge in the industry, and are discounted to their present value using a credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rate. The future reclamation costs are not offset by potential recoveries. For additional information regarding compliance with legal requirements, see Note O: Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements of the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Form 10-K. The Company performs activities on an ongoing basis, as an integral part of the normal quarrying process, that may reduce the ultimate reclamation obligations. For example, the perimeter and interior walls of an open pit quarry are sloped and benched as they are developed to prevent erosion and provide stabilization. This sloping and benching meets both safety regulations required by MSHA for ongoing operations as well as final reclamation requirements. Therefore, these types of activities are included in normal operating costs and are not a part of the asset retirement obligation. Reclaimed quarry sites owned by the Company are from time to time available for sale, typically for commercial development or use as reservoirs, or have been converted for recreational use by the local community. 
 Greenhouse Gases and Climate Change 
 The Board and management have identified certain risks and opportunities below with respect to climate change, including regulatory and physical impacts, and the transition to a low-carbon economy. 
 Board Oversight and the Role of Management The Board of Directors has an essential role in determining the Company's strategic priorities, and climate change and other sustainability matters are an integral part of its oversight of the business. In 1994, the Company established an Ethics, Environment, Safety and Health (EESH) Committee, which currently meets at least four times annually. The EESH Committee receives reports directly from management relating to environmental, safety, ethics and other sustainability matters, including greenhouse gas (GHG) and climate change-related matters, reviews input and engagement with investors on these matters, and monitors our compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as well as our public reporting and disclosure with respect to climate change-related risks and opportunities and other environmental issues. The EESH Committee reports to the full Board, and a number of other Board committees have overlapping responsibility for sustainability matters, including the Audit Committee and the Management Development and Compensation Committee. While the Board oversees Martin Marietta's risk management, the executive officers are responsible for the day-to-day risk management processes, and management receives at least quarterly updates from operating personnel directly responsible for compliance relating to EESH matters. Management believes this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing the Company. The Company also has a Head of Sustainability, who reports directly to the Executive Vice President and General Counsel on climate and other sustainability matters. The Company believes the above approach has been effective in integrating sustainability as a core element of its corporate governance. 
 In an effort to mitigate the risks to the Company associated with climate change while ensuring and improving financial sustainability, the Company has adopted a corporate-wide management strategy that considers risks and opportunities related to climate change, which has resulted in multiple initiatives to identify and implement or evaluate GHG reduction processes and technologies that also improve operational efficiencies, including: using alternative fuels such as biodiesel; reducing overall fuel use by converting from quarry trucks to conveyor systems; right-sizing quarry trucks to match the appropriately sized truck with the size of production to reduce the number of required trips; replacing older railcars with more efficient, high-capacity models that reduce the number of required trips; adding rail capacity in lieu of truck movements; and installing state-of-the-art emissions control equipment at one of the Company s magnesia plants and tire processing systems for fuel, as well as a larger natural gas line, at one of the Company s cement plants. The Company s Midlothian cement plant has been recognized by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) as a high-performing, energy-efficient facility following investments in innovative air pollution control technologies and usage of alternative fuels. 
 Policy and Regulatory Matters A number of governmental bodies, including the U.S. Congress and various U.S. states, have proposed, enacted or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes to mitigate or address the potential impacts of climate change, including provisions for GHG emissions reporting or reductions, the use of alternative fuels, carbon credits (such as a cap-and-trade system) and a carbon tax. For example, in the United States, the USEPA promulgated a rule mandating that companies considered to be large emitters of GHGs report those emissions. The manufacturing operations of the 

Form 10-K Page 8 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 Company s Magnesia Specialties business release carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides during the production of lime, magnesium oxide and hydroxide products. The Company s two magnesia-based chemicals facilities, as well as its two cement plants in Texas and one recently-acquired cement plant in California, file annual reports of their GHG emissions in accordance with the USEPA reporting rule. The primary business and operations of the Company, however, including its aggregates, ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving product lines, are not considered major sources of GHG emissions subject to the USEPA reporting rule. Most of the GHG emissions from aggregates plant operations are tailpipe emissions from mobile sources, such as heavy construction and earth-moving equipment. 
 In 2010, the USEPA also issued a GHG emissions permitting rule, referred to as the Tailoring Rule, which may require some industrial facilities to obtain permits for GHG emissions under the U.S. Clean Air Act s Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and Title V operating permit programs. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in June 2014 that the USEPA exceeded its statutory authority in issuing the Tailoring Rule but upheld the Best Available Control Technology (BACT) requirements for GHGs emitted by sources already subject to PSD or Title V permitting requirements for other pollutants. The Company s cement plants, as well as its Magnesia Specialties plants, hold Title V Permits, and each (other than the Manistee, Michigan facility) is also subject to PSD requirements. It is currently unclear whether or how the USEPA may revise BACT requirements in the future. In fact, although several large-scale projects for carbon capture are in the development phase, no technologies or methods of operation for reducing or capturing GHGs have yet been proven successful in large-scale applications, other than improvements in fuel efficiency. Thus, if future modifications to the Company's facilities require PSD review for other pollutants, GHG BACT requirements could be triggered and may require significant additional costs, which the Company expects would be passed on to customers. It is not currently possible to estimate the cost of any such future requirements. 
 U.S. President Biden also has taken a number of steps to make climate change a central focus of his administration, including issuing a pair of executive orders and a presidential memorandum making climate change central to U.S. policy and setting out several administrative priorities and undertakings. President Biden reentered the Paris Agreement in January 2021 and later announced the United States reduction commitments under the Paris Agreement, including a 50 to 52 economy-wide reduction in net GHG emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. More recently, President Biden entered a pact with 103 countries and jurisdictions, known as the Global Methane Pledge, to reduce global methane emissions by 30 from 2020 levels by the end of the decade. 
 In November 2021, President Biden signed into law the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJ Act), which provides billions of dollars in new funding for public transit and clean energy projects intended, in part, to address climate change, including road, bridge and other major infrastructure projects. These projects, as well as new public transit and clean energy projects, require aggregates and cement for construction and may result in increased demand for our products. See Other Low-Carbon Transition Risks and Opportunities section for additional information. 
 Although it is too early to determine the actions the federal government will ultimately take to implement climate change-related orders, commitments and laws, or the full scope, timing or ramifications of such measures, it is clear that the current administration has already begun to make, and intends to continue to pursue, a significant and sweeping push on the climate front and, like other signatories to the Paris Agreement, intends to pursue a goal of a Net Zero GHG by 2050. It also seems probable that the USEPA and other agencies will use their rule-making authority and procurement decisions to further address climate change. Various states where the Company has operations have enacted or are considering climate change initiatives as well, and the Company may be subject to state regulations in addition to any federal laws and rules that are passed. On January 6, 2023, the USEPA proposed for public comment a reduction in the size of airborne particulate matter to fine particles that are 2.5 microns or less in diameter, or PM2.5, that will be regulated under its health-based, or primary, air regulations based on potential health impacts, including at-risk populations, with an adequate margin of safety. Under the Clean Air Act, which requires the USEPA to set two types of standards for particle pollution, consisting of primary standards to protect public health and secondary standards to protect public welfare, the USEPA is required to review the National Ambient Air Quality Standards every five years to determine whether they should be retained or revised. The particulate matter classifications were last revised in 2012. The new rules as currently proposed would revise the annual standard for particulate matter levels but retain the 24-hour standard. While the Company s facilities will meet any adopted standard, these changes may result in significantly higher compliance costs and risks. 
 If and when the USEPA issues new regulations and/or Congress passes additional legislation restricting GHGs emissions, the Woodville, Ohio and Manistee, Michigan Magnesia Specialties operations, as well as the Company s cement plants in Texas and California, which release CO 2 in certain of their processes and use carbon-based fuels for power equipment, kilns and the Company s mobile fleet, will likely be subject to these new regulations. The Company's three cement plants, like those of other cement operators, require combustion of significant amounts of fuel to generate high kiln temperatures and create carbon 

Form 10-K Page 9 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 dioxide as a product of the calcination process, which is an unavoidable step in making clinker. Accordingly, the Company continues to closely monitor GHG regulations and legislation and its potential impact on the Company's cement business, financial condition and product demand. The Company anticipates that any increased operating costs or taxes relating to GHG emission limitations at the Woodville or cement facilities would be passed on to customers. The magnesium oxide products produced at the Manistee operation, however, compete against other products that, due to the form and/or structure of the source material, require less energy in the calcination process, resulting in the generation of fewer GHGs per ton of production. Due to GHG emissions requirements, the Manistee facility may be required to absorb additional costs, including for taxes or capital investments, in order to maintain competitive pricing in that market. In addition, the cement produced by the Company s cement plants, like other U.S. operators, is subject to strict limits set by the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) and other agencies, including those relating to clinker substitution , or the replacement of ground clinker in cement with alternate materials such as pozzolan, slag and fly ash, which has implications for the Company s fuel use and efforts to reduce GHG emissions from its cement operations. For example, various industry associations are engaged in an effort requesting the USDOT and other agencies to further revise their standards allowing for greater rates of clinker substitution, similar to the rates currently permitted for European cement producers. If higher rates of substitution and blending are, in fact, permitted in the future, the result is likely to be both reduced clinker and power consumption in cement production, which would, in turn, reduce GHGs emitted in connection with each ton of cement produced in the United States. 
 In light of the various regulatory uncertainties, the Company cannot presently reasonably predict the costs of any future compliance requirements. Nonetheless, the Company does not believe it will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of the operations of either the Magnesia Specialties business or Building Materials business. 
 Physical Impacts In addition to impacts from increased regulation, climate change may result in physical impacts that could have adverse effects on the Company s operations or financial condition. Physical impacts may include disruptions in production and/or regional supply or product distribution networks due to major storm events, shifts in regional rainfall and temperature patterns and intensities, as well as flooding from sea level changes. In addition, production and shipment levels for the Building Materials business correlate with general construction activity, which occurs outdoors and, as a result, is affected by erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes and other unusual or unexpected weather-related conditions, which can significantly affect that business. In the Company's cement and downstream operations businesses, the physical impacts of climate change may result in disruptions to its operations or its customers transportation activities, including impacts on production capabilities and capacities, supply chain interruptions and project delays that can impact the Company's reputation and result in additional costs to the Company. Excessive rainfall and other severe weather jeopardize production, shipments and profitability in all markets served by the Company in its Building Materials business. In addition, climate and inclement weather can reduce the useful life of an asset. In particular, the Company s operations in the southeastern and Gulf Coast regions of the United States and The Bahamas are at risk for hurricane activity, most notably in August, September and October. The Company is also at risk for Pacific Ocean storm activity. The last few years brought an unprecedented amount of precipitation to the United States and particularly to Texas and the southeastern United States, notably the Carolinas, Florida and Georgia, where it impacted the Company s facilities. In California and Arizona, continuing drought has led to water use restrictions in numerous water districts, and insufficient supply of water for the Company's operations in those areas could impact production. In California, recent storms and flooding have caused operational delays and challenges. While reconstruction activities may offset some or most of the financial impacts on sales and demand, any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and operations. 
 As the Company's footprint of quarries and aggregates facilities has grown nationwide, management believes it has bolstered resilience in its operations by maintaining a geographically diverse business and distribution network that is increasingly able to adjust to local disruptions and source materials from different facilities. In addition, because the Company transports aggregates products by various methods, including rail and water, it may be able to mitigate supply or transportation issues in any location caused by severe weather or disruptions in any transport modality. 
 Other Low-Carbon Transition Risks and Opportunities The Company s businesses are dependent on reliable sources of energy and fuels. The Company could incur increased costs or disruptions in its operations if the price or availability of energy or fuels or other materials used in its operations is impacted by climate change regulation or severe weather. These and other climate-related risks, such as a downturn in the construction sector due to harsh weather, significant precipitation or other changes in weather, also could impact the Company s customers, which could lead to reduced demand for the Company s products. The Company may not be able to pass on to its customers all the costs relating to these risks. 

Form 10-K Page 10 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing risks and uncertainties relating to climate change, there may also be opportunities for the Company to increase its business or revenues, both in terms of the physical impacts of climate change and market opportunities associated with the transition to a low-carbon and climate-resilient economy. For example, warm and/or moderate temperatures in March and November allow the construction season to start earlier and end later, respectively, which could have meaningful positive impacts on the Company s first- and fourth-quarter results, respectively. From a regulatory standpoint, as noted above, the recently-passed IIJ Act provides billions of dollars in new funding for roads, bridges and other major infrastructure projects which require aggregates and cement for construction. New public transit and clean energy projects that address climate change may also result in increased demand for our products. Other opportunities are likely to result from the passing of the 1.2 trillion IIJ Act, the Cornyn-Padilla Amendment that allows 104 billion of unused COVID-19 dollars to be directed to infrastructure projects, and 23 billion of voter-approved state and local transportation-related 2022 ballot initiatives, all of which will fund infrastructure growth, repair and development. In addition, the Company s magnesium hydroxide products are used to increase fuel efficiency in various industries, including both coal- and gas-fired electricity generation, which has a direct impact on reducing energy use and GHG emissions by more GHG-intense companies. Finally, the desire for sustainable building solutions has led to greater recognition of the benefits of concrete construction in the effort to move to a circular economy through innovative products, longevity and recyclability, and increased demand for green construction projects would have a direct impact on the Company s cement and concrete business. 
 Land Management 
 The Company owns approximately 160,000 acres of land, the vast majority of which is used in connection with active facilities. The Company regularly reviews its land holdings to determine their highest and best use based on its management expertise. Land holdings that do not have economically recoverable reserves for current or future mining or are otherwise not in locations that complement the Company s operating facilities are considered candidates for sale or development for sale. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company has approximately 9,400 employees, of which approximately 7,000 are hourly employees and approximately 2,400 are salaried employees. Approximately 1,200 hourly employees (13 of the Company s employees) are represented by labor unions, representing 15 of the Building Materials business hourly employees and 100 of the Magnesia Specialties segment s hourly employees. The Company s principal union contracts for the Magnesia Specialties business cover employees at the Manistee, Michigan, magnesia-based chemicals plant and the Woodville, Ohio, lime plant. The Woodville and Manistee collective bargaining agreements expire in June 2026 and August 2027, respectively. The Company believes it has good relations with its employees, including its unionized workforce. 
 Management believes the Company s success depends on its ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. None of Martin Marietta s accomplishments are possible without its employees; the people who both drive the work and are most affected by it. These individuals are the heart of Martin Marietta. The Company s management oversees various employee initiatives to develop its employees and the Management Development and Compensation Committee regularly reviews the compensation and development programs to achieve those objectives. In 2020, the Company launched an Inclusion and Engagement Task Force, comprised of employees with diverse race, gender, background and experience, which is focused on hiring, developing and retaining diverse employees to strengthen its talent pipeline and increase employee engagement and retention. 
 Health and safety in the workplace is one of the Company s core values. The Guardian Angel safety program provides that every employee has the right, and the obligation, to stop any unsafe condition and that zero safety incidents is achievable. It includes the notion that every employee acts as a wingman for other employees, to observe and act on any situation that potentially creates unsafe circumstances. The companywide safety performance achieved the sixth-consecutive year of world class or better lost-time incident rate and the second consecutive year for total injury incidence rate. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic underscored the importance of keeping the Company s employees safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, the Company took actions aligned with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to implement robust protocols to protect its workforce so that they can safely perform their jobs. 
 In 2019, the Company established a new employer brand ONE that reflects the thoughts, feelings and hearts of employees at every level of Martin Marietta. This included a standard approach to safety mentoring that ensures every employee has the knowledge and resources needed to complete their work safely and efficiently. The Company also established a World Class Task Force, whose mission is to improve Martin Marietta and is fostering a level of communication never before seen at the 

Form 10-K Page 11 

Part I Item 1 Business 
 Company. The Company has taken these steps to better allow it to grow responsibly and encourage employee engagement. In 2022, the Company began launching employee resource groups starting with a Military and Veterans Community resource group. 
 Available Information 
 The Company maintains an internet address at www.martinmarietta.com . The Company makes available free of charge through its internet website its Annual Report on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, and amendments to those reports, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), which are available as soon as reasonably possible after they are submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). You can access the Company s filings with the SEC through the SEC website at www.sec.gov or through our website, and the Company strongly encourages you to do so. Martin Marietta routinely posts information that may be important to investors on its website at www.ir.martinmarietta.com , and it uses this website address as a means of disclosing material information to the public in a broad, non-exclusionary manner for purposes of the SEC s Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg FD). The contents of the Company's website are not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and shall not be deemed filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any statements herein for revisions or changes after the filing date of this Form 10-K other than as required by law. 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to all of its Board of Directors, officers and employees. The Company s code of ethics is available on the Company s website www.martinmarietta.com . The Company will disclose on its internet website any waivers of or amendments to its code of ethics as it applies to its directors and executive officers. 
 The Company has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines to address matters of fundamental importance relating to the corporate governance of the Company, including director qualifications and responsibilities, responsibilities of key board committees, director compensation and similar matters. Each of the Audit Committee, the Management Development and Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors has adopted a written charter addressing various matters of importance relating to each committee, including the committee s purposes and responsibilities, an annual performance evaluation of each committee and similar matters. These Corporate Governance Guidelines , and the charters of each of these committees, are available on the Company s website at www.martinmarietta.com . 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to file with the SEC each quarter and each year certifications regarding the quality of the Company s public disclosure of its financial condition. The annual certifications are included as exhibits to this Form 10 K. The Company s Chief Executive Officer is also required to certify to the New York Stock Exchange each year that he is not aware of any violation by the Company of the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance listing standards. 

Form 10-K Page 12 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in Martin Marietta common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. You should consider the following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase or otherwise trade the Company s securities. 
 This Form 10-K and other written reports and oral statements made from time to time by the Company contain statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that the Company believes in good faith are reasonable, but which may be materially different from actual results. Investors can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historic or current facts. The words may, will, could, should, anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, outlook, plan, project, scheduled, and similar expressions in connection with future events or future operating or financial performance are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any or all of the Company s forward-looking statements in this Form 10 K and in other publications may turn out to be wrong. 
 Statements and assumptions on future revenues, income and cash flows, performance, economic trends, the outcome of litigation, regulatory compliance, and environmental remediation cost estimates are examples of forward-looking statements. Numerous factors, including potentially the risk factors described in this section, could affect the Company's forward-looking statements and actual performance. 
 Investors are also cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. Other factors besides those listed may also adversely affect the Company and may be material to the Company. The Company has listed the known material risks it considers relevant in evaluating the Company and its operations. The forward-looking statements in this document are intended to be subject to the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof based on management s current expectations, and the Company does not undertake an obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required by law. 
 For a discussion identifying some important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see the factors listed below, along with the discussion of Competition under Item 1 of this Form 10-K, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Item 7 of this Form 10-K, and Note A: Accounting Policies and Note O: Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements of the Company s consolidated financial statements included under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Form 10-K. 
 Industry Risk Factors 
 Our business depends on activity within the construction industry, which can be cyclical 
 Economic and political uncertainty can impede growth in the markets in which we operate. Demand for our products, particularly in the private nonresidential and residential construction markets, could decline if companies and consumers are unable to obtain credit for construction projects or if an economic slowdown causes delays or cancellations of capital projects. State and federal budget issues may also undermine the funding available for infrastructure spending. The lack of available credit may limit the ability of states to issue bonds to finance construction projects. As a result of these issues, several of our top revenue-generating states, from time to time, stop bidding or slow bid projects in their transportation departments. 
 We sell most of our aggregates (our primary business) and our cement products to the construction industry and, therefore, our results depend on that industry s strength. Since our businesses depend on construction spending, which can be cyclical, our profits are sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions and the intensity of the underlying spending on aggregates and cement products. Construction spending is affected by economic conditions, changes in interest rates, inflation, employment levels, demographic and population shifts, and changes in construction spending by federal, state and local governments. If economic conditions worsen, a recession in the construction industry may occur and affect the demand for our products. The recession of the late 2000s and early 2010s (the Great Recession) was an example, and our shipment volumes were significantly reduced and remain below peak shipment levels excluding the contribution of acquisitions. Construction spending can also be disrupted by terrorist activity and armed conflicts. 

Form 10-K Page 13 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 While our business operations cover a wide geographic area, our earnings depend on the strength of the local economies in which we operate due to the high cost to transport our products relative to their selling price. If economic conditions and construction spending decline significantly in one or more areas, particularly in our Building Materials business top five revenue-generating states of Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Minnesota and California, our profitability will decrease. We experienced this situation during the Great Recession. 
 Demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, is affected by federal, state and local budget and deficit issues. Remote working trends or other factors that reduce miles driven can have a negative impact on various revenue streams that fund roadway projects. Further, delays or cancellations of projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets, which combined accounted for 60 of aggregates shipments in 2022, could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence continues to be eroded by economic uncertainty. 
 Our Building Materials business is seasonal and subject to the weather, which can significantly impact operations 
 Since the heavy-side construction business is conducted outdoors, erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions affect our business. Adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes and tropical storms, cold weather, snow, heavy or sustained rainfall, wildfires and earthquakes, reduce construction activity, restrict the demand for our products and impede our ability to efficiently transport material. Adverse weather conditions also increase our costs and reduce our production output as a result of power loss, needed plant and equipment repairs, time required to remove water from flooded operations and similar events. Severe drought conditions can restrict available water supplies and restrict production. Production and shipment levels of the Building Materials business products follow activity in the construction industry, which typically is strongest in the spring, summer and fall. Because of the weather s effect on the construction industry s activity, the production and shipment levels for our Building Materials business, including all of our aggregates-related downstream operations, vary by quarter. The second and third quarters are generally subject to heavy precipitation, and thus are more profitable if precipitation is lighter. The first and fourth quarters, which are subject to the impacts of winter weather, are generally the least profitable, but can be more profitable if the impact of winter weather is less. Our operations in the southeastern and Gulf Coast regions of the United States and The Bahamas are at risk for hurricane activity, most notably in August, September and October. Our California operations are at risk for Pacific Ocean storms, wildfire activity and water use restrictions in the event of severe drought conditions. In California, recent storms and flooding have caused operational delays and challenges. These weather events and conditions may be exacerbated by climate change in the near and long term. 
 Competition and Growth Risk Factors 
 Our Building Materials business depends on the availability of quality aggregates reserves or deposits and our ability to mine them economically 
 Our challenge is to find quality aggregates deposits that we can mine economically, with appropriate permits, near either growing markets or long-haul transportation corridors that economically serve applicable markets. As communities in many of our geographic markets have grown, they have settled in and around attractive quarrying locations and have imposed restrictions on mining. We try to meet this challenge by identifying and permitting sites prior to economic expansion, buying more land around our existing quarries to increase our mineral reserves, developing underground mines and developing a distribution network that transports aggregates products by various methods, including rail and water. While our distribution network allows us to transport our products longer distances than would normally be considered economical, we can give no assurances that we will be successful at this strategy. 
 Our businesses face many competitors 
 Our businesses have many competitors, some of whom are bigger and have more resources than we do. Some of our competitors operate on a worldwide basis. Our results are affected by the number of competitors in a market, the production capacity that a particular market can accommodate, the pricing practices of other competitors and the entry of new competitors in a market. We also face competition for some of our products from alternative products. For example, our Magnesia Specialties business may compete with other chemical products that could be used instead of our magnesia-based products. As other examples, our aggregates, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving businesses may compete with recycled asphalt and concrete products that could be used in certain applications instead of new products and our cement operations 

Form 10-K Page 14 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 may compete with international competitors who import products into the United States from jurisdictions with lower production and regulatory costs. 
 Our future growth may depend in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry, and we may acquire businesses by paying all or in part with shares of our common stock 
 We expect to continue to grow, in part, by acquiring other businesses. In the past, we have made acquisitions to strengthen our existing locations, expand our operations and enter new geographic markets. We will continue to pursue selective acquisitions, joint ventures or other business arrangements we believe will help our Company grow. However, the continued success of our acquisition program will depend on our ability to find and buy other attractive businesses at an appropriate price and our ability to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations. We cannot assume there will continue to be attractive acquisition opportunities for sale at reasonable prices that we can successfully integrate into our operations. 
 We may decide to pay all or part of the purchase price of any future acquisition with shares of our common stock. We may also use our stock to make strategic investments in other companies to complement and expand our operations. If we use our common stock in this way, the ownership interests of our existing shareholders at that time will be diluted and the price of our stock could decline. We operate our businesses with the objective of maximizing long-term shareholder return. 
 Our integration of the acquisition or business combination with other businesses may not be as successful as projected 
 We have a successful history of business combinations and integration of these businesses into our heritage operations. However, in connection with the integration of any other business that we acquire, there is a risk that we will not be able to achieve such integration in a successful manner or on the time schedule we have projected or in a way that will achieve the level of synergies, cost savings or operating efficiencies we forecast from the acquisition. 
 Any significant business acquisition or combination we might choose to undertake may require that we devote significant management attention and resources to preparing for and then integrating our business practices and operations. Based on our history, we believe we would be successful in this integration process. Nevertheless, we may fail to realize some of the anticipated benefits of any potential acquisition or other business combination that we pursue in the future if the integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected. Potential difficulties we may encounter in the integration process include the following: 
 inability to successfully combine operations in a manner that permits us to achieve the synergies anticipated to result from the proposed acquisition or business combination, which would result in the anticipated benefits of the 

Form 10-K Page 15 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 acquisition or business combination not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all; 

lost sales and customers as a result of certain customers of either the Company or former customers of the acquired or combined company deciding not to do business with us; 

complexities associated with managing the combined operations; 

integration of personnel; 

creation of uniform standards, internal controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 

discovery of previously unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory issues associated with integrating the remaining operations; and 

performance shortfalls at business units as a result of the diversion of management attention caused by completing the remaining integration of the operations. 

Our acquisitions and divestitures could harm our results of operations 
 In pursuing our business strategy, we conduct discussions, evaluate opportunities and enter into acquisition and divestiture agreements. Acquisitions involve significant challenges and risks, including risks that: 
 we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment; 

we may not obtain required regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms; 

we may not be able to retain key personnel of acquired businesses; 

we may experience difficulty in integrating new employees, business systems and technology; 

our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities that are in existence at the time of our acquisition; 

we may not be able to bring the acquired business up to our expected levels of safety standards as soon as anticipated; 

we may have difficulty entering into new geographic markets in which we are not experienced; or 

we may be unable to retain the customers and partners of acquired businesses following the acquisition. 

Divestitures also involve significant challenges and risks, including risks that: 
 we may not obtain required regulatory approvals or our counterparties may not obtain required financing on favorable terms; 

management time and attention may be diverted in businesses held for sale; 

we may have to write-off certain assets, including those relating to goodwill and other intangibles; 

we may experience difficulties in the separation of operations; and 

we may lose key employees. 

Our cement and Magnesia Specialties businesses may become capacity-constrained 
 If our cement or Magnesia Specialties businesses becomes and/or remains capacity-constrained, we may be unable to timely satisfy the demand for some of our products, and any resulting changes in customers would introduce volatility to the earnings of these segments. We can address capacity needs by enhancing our manufacturing productivity, increasing the operational availability of equipment, reducing machinery down time and extending machinery useful life. Future demand for our products may require us to expand our manufacturing capacity further, particularly through the purchase of additional manufacturing equipment. However, we may not be able to increase our capacity in time to satisfy increases in demand that may occur from time to time. Our Texas cement operations are currently capacity constrained, which may prevent us from satisfying customer orders and result in a loss of sales to competitors that are not capacity-constrained. We are permitted to expand annual production by up to 0.8 million additional tons at our Midlothian cement plant and are currently in the process of effecting an expansion to add 0.5 million tons of annual production capacity. However, we may suffer excess capacity if we increase our capacity to meet actual or anticipated demand and that demand decreases or does not materialize. 

Form 10-K Page 16 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 Our cement business could suffer if cement or clinker imports from other countries significantly increase or are sold in the United States in violation of U.S. fair trade laws 
 In the past, the cement industry has benefited from antidumping orders imposing duties on imports of cement and clinker from other countries that violated U.S. fair trade laws. Cement operators with import facilities can purchase cement from other countries, such as those in Latin America and Asia, which could compete with domestic producers. In addition, if environmental regulations increase the costs of domestic producers compared to foreign producers that are not subject to similar regulations, imported cement could achieve a significant cost advantage over domestically produced cement. An influx of cement or clinker products from countries not subject to antidumping orders, or sales of imported cement or clinker in violation of U.S. fair trade laws, could adversely affect our cement product line. 
 Economic, Political and Legal Risk Factors 
 Changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning, land use, the environment, health and safety and other areas of the law, as well as litigation relating to these matters, affect our businesses. Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities 
 Many federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to zoning, land use, air emissions (including carbon dioxide and other GHGs), water use, allocation and discharges, waste management, noise and dust control, mining, land reclamation and other environmental, health and safety matters govern our operations. Some of our operations require permits, which may impose additional operating standards and are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. Certain of our operations may from time to time involve the use of substances that are classified as toxic or hazardous within the meaning of these laws and regulations. Despite our extensive efforts to remain in strict compliance at all times with all applicable laws and regulations, the risk of liabilities, particularly environmental liabilities, is inherent in the operation of our businesses. These potential liabilities could result in material costs, including fines or personal injury or damages claims, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability. 
 Future events, including changes in existing laws or regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards of some of our products or business activities may result in additional or unanticipated compliance and other costs. We could be required to invest in preventive or remedial action, like pollution control facilities, which could be substantial or which could result in restrictions on our operations or delays in obtaining required permits or other approvals. 
 Our operations are subject to manufacturing, operating and handling risks associated with the products we produce and the products we use in our operations, including the related storage and transportation of raw materials, explosives, products, hazardous substances and wastes. We are exposed to hazards including storage tank leaks, explosions, discharges or releases of hazardous substances, exposure to dust, and the operation of mobile equipment and manufacturing machinery. 
 These risks can subject us to potentially significant liabilities relating to personal injury, death or property damage, and may result in civil or criminal penalties, which could hurt our productivity or profitability. For example, from time to time, we investigate and remediate environmental contamination relating to our prior or current operations, as well as operations we have acquired from others, and, in some cases, we have been or could be named as a defendant in litigation brought by governmental agencies or private parties to investigate or clean-up such contamination. 
 We are involved from time to time in litigation and claims arising from our operations. While we do not believe the outcome of pending or threatened litigation will have a material adverse effect on our operations or our financial condition, an unexpected and material adverse outcome in a pending or future legal action could potentially have a negative effect on our Company. 
 Legislation or regulations to address climate change and transition to a low-carbon economy may adversely impact our business, including financial impacts 
 A number of governmental bodies, including the U.S. Congress and various U.S. states, have proposed, enacted or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes to mitigate or address the potential impacts of climate change, including provisions for GHG emissions reductions or the use of alternative fuels, carbon credits (such as a cap-and-trade system) and a carbon tax. For example, in the United States, the USEPA promulgated a mandatory reporting rule covering GHG emissions from sources considered to be large emitters. The USEPA has also promulgated a GHG emissions permitting rule, referred to 

Form 10-K Page 17 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 as the Tailoring Rule, which may require some industrial facilities to obtain operating permits for GHG emissions under the U.S. Clean Air Act. The U.S. Supreme Court subsequently ruled in June 2014 that the USEPA exceeded its statutory authority in issuing the Tailoring Rule but upheld the BACT requirements for GHGs emitted by sources that already require Title V operating permits or are subject to PSD requirements for other pollutants. It is currently unclear whether the USEPA will proceed with revisions of the Tailoring Rule or proceed in a different direction, nor is it known how the USEPA may revise the BACT requirements. If future modifications to our Magnesia Specialties or cement facilities require PSD review for other pollutants, GHG permitting requirements may also be triggered, which could require us to incur significant additional costs. It is not possible, however, to estimate the cost of any future requirements at this time. 
 U.S. President Biden also has taken a number of steps to make climate change a central focus of his administration, including issuing a pair of executive orders and a presidential memorandum making climate change central to U.S. policy and setting out several administrative priorities and undertakings to reduce GHG emissions. President Biden reentered the Paris Agreement in January 2021 and later announced the United States reduction commitments under the Paris Agreement, including a 50 to 52 economy-wide reduction in net GHG emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. The Biden administration has also entered a pact with 103 countries and jurisdictions, known as the Global Methane Pledge, to reduce global methane emissions by 30 from 2020 levels by the end of the decade. Although it is still too early to determine the actions the federal government will ultimately take to implement these or other orders, commitments and laws, or the full scope, timing or ramifications of such measures, it is clear that the Biden administration has begun to make, and intends to continue to pursue, a significant and sweeping push on the climate front and, like other signatories to the Paris Agreement, intends to pursue a goal of a Net Zero GHG by 2050. These measures, combined with continued focus by the administration, also suggest that additional executive and/or legislative action is likely, although the timing and scope of such action is unclear. Additionally, it seems probable that the USEPA and other agencies will use their rule-making authority and procurement decisions to further address climate change. Various states where we have operations have enacted or are considering climate change initiatives as well, and we have been and may continue to be subject to state regulations in addition to any federal laws and rules that are passed. For example, California has had a cap-and-trade program for emissions rights since 2012. 
 In addition, although our aggregates, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving operations are not considered major sources of GHG emissions subject to the USEPA reporting rule, any additional regulatory restrictions on emissions of GHGs imposed by the USEPA would likely impact our magnesia-based chemicals operations in Woodville, Ohio, and Manistee, Michigan, as well as our two cement plants in Texas and our cement plant in California, each of which currently file annual reports of GHG emissions as required by the USEPA reporting rule. We may not be able to recover any increased operating costs, taxes or capital investments (other than with respect to any carbon reduction or capture technologies) relating to GHG emission limitations at those plants from our customers in order to remain competitive in pricing in the relevant markets. Our businesses also are dependent on reliable sources of energy and fuels. We could incur increased costs or disruptions in our operations if climate change legislation and regulation (including regulatory changes with respect to alternative fuel use) or severe weather affect the price or availability of purchased energy or fuels or other materials used in our operations. 
 While we do not currently believe such requirements will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of the operations of either the Magnesia Specialties business or Building Materials business, in light of the various regulatory uncertainties, it is very difficult at this time to reasonably predict the costs of any future compliance requirements. We continue to monitor GHG regulations and legislation and its potential impact on our business, financial condition and product demand. 
 Climate change may result in physical impacts that could have adverse effects on our operations or financial condition 
 Given the nature of our operations, physical impacts may include disruptions in production, regional supply or product distribution networks, as well as negative impacts on the price or availability of purchased energy or fuels, due to major storm events or other severe weather, shifts in regional rainfall and temperature patterns and intensities, and flooding from sea level changes. In addition, production and shipment demand for our Building Materials business correlate with general construction activity and rely on road, rail and water transportation networks, most of which occurs outdoors and, as a result, is affected by erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes and other unusual or unexpected weather-related conditions, which can significantly affect that business. In our cement and downstream operations business, the physical impacts of climate change may result in disruptions to our operations and to our customers transportation activities, including impacts on production capabilities and capacities, supply chain interruptions and project delays, which can impact our reputation and result in additional costs to our Company. Excessive rainfall and other severe weather events also jeopardize production, shipments and profitability in all markets served by our Building Materials business. In particular, our operations in the southeastern and 

Form 10-K Page 18 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 Gulf Coast regions of the United States and The Bahamas are at risk for hurricane activity, most notably in August, September and October. In addition, our California operations are at risk for wildfires, which is exacerbated by prolonged drought, which may also result in water restrictions, while recent unprecedented storms and flooding have caused operational delays and challenges. Increased intensity and frequency of extreme weather events have been linked to climate change, and further global warming may increase the risk of adverse weather conditions. Climate and inclement weather can also reduce the useful life of an asset. These and other climate-related risks, such as a downturn in the construction sector due to harsh weather, significant precipitation or other changes in weather, could impact our customers, which could lead to reduced demand for our products. We may not be able to pass on to our customers all the costs related to mitigating these risks. 
 Our business is dependent on funding from a combination of federal, state and local sources 
 Our products are used in public infrastructure projects, which include the construction, maintenance and improvement of highways, streets, roads, bridges, schools and similar projects. Accordingly, our business is dependent on the level of federal, state and local spending on these projects. The visibility into future federal infrastructure funding was clarified and stabilized to some extent in 2015 with the passage of the Fixing America s Surface Transportation, or FAST Act, which reauthorized federal highway and transportation funding programs. Further clarification was provided with the passage of the 1 trillion IIJ Act in November 2021, which contains a five-year surface transportation reauthorization plus 110 billion in new funding for roads, bridges and other hard infrastructure projects. At the federal level, we expect to see a meaningful impact from the IIJ Act beginning in 2023. Further, we continue to expect to see increased infrastructure spending at the state and local levels in 2023, aided by 10 billion for state departments of transportation provided by the December 2020 federal stimulus package, the Cornyn-Padilla Amendment that allows 104 billion of unused COVID-19 dollars to be directed to infrastructure projects and 23 billion of approved 2022 ballot initiatives. We cannot be assured, however, of the amount and timing of appropriations for spending on infrastructure projects. 
 Our businesses could be impacted by rising interest rates 
 Our operations are highly dependent upon the interest rate-sensitive construction and steelmaking industries. Therefore, our business in these industries may decline if interest rates rise and costs increase. 
 Notably, demand in the residential construction market in which we sell our aggregates products is affected by interest rates. The Federal Reserve aggressively raised interest rates throughout 2022 to address high inflation. The higher interest rates may affect our business in an adverse manner. The residential construction market accounted for 24 of our aggregates shipments in 2022. 
 Aside from these inherent risks from within our operations, our earnings are also affected by changes in short-term interest rates. However, rising interest rates are not necessarily predictive of weaker operating results. 
 Rising interest rates could also result in disruptions in the credit markets, which could affect our business, as described in greater detail under Disruptions in the credit markets could affect our business risk factor. 

Form 10-K Page 19 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 Increases in our effective income tax rate may harm our results of operations 
 A number of factors may increase our future effective income tax rate, including: 
 governmental authorities increasing taxes or eliminating deductions, particularly the depletion deduction; 

the mix of earnings from depletable versus non-depletable businesses; 

the jurisdictions in which earnings are taxed; 

the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; 

changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; 

changes in available tax credits; 

changes in stock-based compensation; 

other changes in tax laws; and 

the interpretation of tax laws and/or administrative practices. 

The IIJ Act imposes a minimum corporate income tax rate of 15 on companies with at least 1 billion of pretax earnings. Any significant increase in our future effective income tax rate could reduce our net earnings and free cash flow for future periods. 
 Environmental, social and governance matters and any related reporting obligations may impact our businesses 
 Investors, other stakeholders, and U.S. and international regulators are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters. For example, new proposed U.S. laws and regulations relating to and requiring disclosure of ESG matters, including those relating to sustainability, climate change, supply chain, human capital, diversity and cybersecurity, are under consideration or being adopted, or may be proposed in the future. These requirements have resulted in and may continue to result in our need to make additional investments and implement new practices and reporting processes, all entailing management attention and additional compliance risk. Any failure or perceived failure to achieve or accurately report on our current or future ESG-related commitments, including our GHG reduction and net zero targets, and any differences between our commitments and those of any companies to which we are compared, could harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to effectively compete (including as a result of disclosure of proprietary information regarding our plants or changes in our ability to raise capital), adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts or expose us to potential legal liability. In addition, while we are committed to pursuing our sustainability objectives, there is no assurance that we will achieve any of our ESG goals or commitments, that low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies required to meet long-term emissions reductions in some of the sectors in which we operate will be available at scale in the U.S. on an economically feasible basis or that our suppliers can meet sustainability, diversity and other standards that are required by current or future laws or established by our investors and other stakeholders. Failure to meet these commitments could result in reputational harm to our Company and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory and compliance risks and costs. 
 Our businesses could be adversely affected by new waves of COVID-19 or its variants, or any other outbreak of disease, epidemic or pandemic, or similar public health threat, or fear of such an event and its related economic and societal response 
 Our businesses could be negatively impacted by the widespread outbreak of an illness or other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis that results in economic and trade disruptions. Public health threats like COVID-19 or its variants can negatively impact economic activity, consumer confidence and discretionary spending, and overall market conditions and these conditions could have an impact on our Company to the extent that they occur in regions where our Building Materials business principally operates. Further, COVID-19 or other outbreaks of illnesses could negatively affect the health of our employees, employee productivity, customer purchasing patterns and fulfillment of purchase orders, availability of supplies, pricing for raw materials and the ability to transport materials via the Company s distribution network. We actively monitor public health situations as part of our health and safety measures and acted during the pandemic to comply with federal, state and local mandates and to protect the health and safety of our employees. We may take further actions that alter our business operations, including any that may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best 

Form 10-K Page 20 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 interests of our employees, customers, suppliers, vendors, communities and other stakeholders as we adapt to public health events from time to time. 
 Personnel Risks 
 Labor disputes could disrupt operations of our businesses 
 Labor unions represent approximately 15 of the hourly employees of our Building Materials business and all of the hourly employees of our Magnesia Specialties business. Our collective bargaining agreements for employees of our Magnesia Specialties business at the Woodville, Ohio, lime plant and the Manistee, Michigan magnesia chemicals plant expire in June 2026 and August 2027, respectively. 
 Disputes with our trade unions, or the inability to renew our labor agreements, could lead to strikes or other actions that could disrupt our businesses, raise costs and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations. 
 We depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our business 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued services of, and on our ability to attract and retain, our key personnel and executive officers, including qualified management, technical, marketing and sales, and support personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining such qualified personnel, which could negatively affect our business. In addition, because of our reliance on our senior management team, the unanticipated departure of any key member could have an adverse effect on our business. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and develop or recruit talent to succeed our senior management and other key positions throughout the organization. If we fail to identify and develop or recruit successors, we are at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 
 Investment returns on our pension assets may be lower than expected, or interest rates may decline, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our benefit plans 
 A portion of our current and former employees has accrued benefits under our defined benefit pension plans. Requirements for funding our pension plan liabilities are based on a number of actuarial assumptions, including the expected rate of return on our plan assets and the discount rate applied to our pension plan obligations. Fluctuations in equity market returns and changes in long-term interest rates could increase our costs under our defined benefit pension plans and may significantly affect future contribution requirements. It is unknown what the actual investment return on our pension assets will be in future years and what interest rates may be at any given point in time. We cannot therefore provide any assurance of what our actual pension plan costs will be in the future, or whether we will be required under applicable law to make future material plan contributions. 
 Our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations could be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners 
 We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and some non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anticorruption, antibribery, export and import compliance, antitrust and money laundering, due to our operations. We cannot provide assurance our compliance policies and internal controls will always protect us from the improper conduct of our employees, agents and business partners. Any violations of law or improper conduct could damage our reputation and, depending on the circumstances, subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, equitable remedies (including profit disgorgement and injunctions on future conduct), securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our stock. 
 Financial, Accounting and Cost Management Risk Factors 
 Our business is a capital-intensive business 
 The property and machinery needed to produce our products are very expensive. Therefore, we require large amounts of cash to operate our businesses. We believe that our cash on hand, along with our projected operating cash flows and our available 

Form 10-K Page 21 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 financing resources, is adequate to support our anticipated operating and capital needs. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow depends on future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to operate our business, we may be required, among other things, to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. 
 Our earnings are affected by the application of accounting standards and our critical accounting policies, which involve subjective judgments and estimates by our management. Our estimates and assumptions could be wrong 
 The accounting standards we use in preparing our financial statements are often complex and require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in interpreting and applying those standards. These estimates and assumptions involve matters that are inherently uncertain and require our subjective and complex judgments. If we used different estimates and assumptions or used different ways to determine these estimates, our financial results could differ. 
 While we believe our estimates and assumptions are appropriate, we could be wrong. Accordingly, our financial results could be different, either higher or lower. We urge you to read Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates included under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of the Form 10-K. 
 The adoption of new accounting standards may affect our financial results 
 The accounting standards we apply in preparing our financial statements are reviewed by regulatory bodies and are periodically changed. New or revised accounting standards could, either positively or negatively, affect results reported for periods after adoption of the standards as compared with the prior periods, or require retrospective application changing results reported for prior periods. We urge you to read about our accounting policies in Note A: Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K. 
 Reports from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s (PCAOB) inspections of public accounting firms continue to outline findings and recommendations that could require these firms to perform additional work as part of their financial statement audits. Our costs to respond to these additional requirements may increase. 
 Impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our financial results 
 Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by management at least annually. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the reporting unit's goodwill is considered impaired and a non-cash charge to earnings is recorded for the difference. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its fair value, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. Future events may occur that would adversely affect the fair value of our goodwill or other acquired intangible assets and require impairment charges. Such events may include, but are not limited to, lower-than-forecasted revenues, construction growth rates that fall below our assumptions, actions of key customers, increases in discount rates, continued economic uncertainty, higher levels of unemployment, weak consumer confidence, lower levels of discretionary consumer spending and a decline in the trading price of our common stock. We continue to evaluate the impact of economic and other developments to assess whether impairment indicators are present. Accordingly, we may be required to perform impairment tests based on changes in the economic environment and other factors, and these tests could result in impairment charges in the future. 
 Disruptions in the credit markets could affect our business 
 We have considered the current economic environment and its potential impact to our business. Demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, has historically been negatively affected by federal and state budget challenges and the uncertainty over future highway funding levels. Further, delays or cancellations to capital projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence is eroded by economic uncertainty. 
 A recessionary construction economy can also increase the likelihood we will not be able to collect all of our accounts receivable from our customers. We are protected in part, however, by payment bonds posted by many of our customers or end-users, as well as statutory lien rights. Nevertheless, we may experience a delay in payment from some of our customers during a 

Form 10-K Page 22 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 construction downturn, which would negatively affect operating cash flows. Historically, our bad debt write-offs have not been significant to our operating results, and we believe our allowance for credit losses is adequate. 
 The credit environment could impact our ability to borrow money in the future. Additional financing or refinancing might not be available and, if available, may not be at economically favorable terms. Further, an increase in leverage could lead to deterioration in our credit ratings. A reduction in our credit ratings, regardless of the cause, could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing and/or increase our cost of obtaining financing. There is no guarantee we will be able to access the capital markets at financially economical interest rates, which could negatively affect our business. 
 We may be required to obtain financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions, if they arise, or to refinance our outstanding debt. It is possible a large strategic acquisition would require that we issue new equity and debt securities in order to maintain our investment-grade credit rating and could result in a ratings downgrade notwithstanding our issuance of equity securities to fund the transaction. We are also exposed to risks from tightening credit markets, through the interest payable on any variable-rate debt, including the interest cost on future borrowings under our credit facilities. While we believe our credit ratings will remain at a composite investment-grade level, we cannot be assured these ratings will remain at those levels. Also, while we believe our Company will continue to have adequate credit available to meet its needs, there can be no assurance of that. 
 Our Magnesia Specialties business faces currency risks from its overseas activities 
 Our Magnesia Specialties business sells some of its products outside the United States. Therefore, the operations of the Magnesia Specialties business are affected from time to time by the fluctuating values of the currency exchange rates of the countries in which it does business in relation to the value of the U.S. Dollar. The business tries to mitigate the short-term effects of currency exchange rates by primarily denominating sales in the U.S. Dollar. This still leaves the business subject to certain risks, depending on the strength of the U.S. Dollar. 
 Unexpected equipment failures, catastrophic events and scheduled maintenance may lead to production curtailments or shutdowns 
 Our manufacturing processes are dependent upon critical pieces of equipment, such as our kilns and finishing mills. This equipment, on occasion, may be out of service as a result of planned or unplanned maintenance, failures or damage during accidents. In addition to equipment failures, our facilities are also subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, explosions or violent weather conditions. We have scheduled outages that can range from one to several weeks at least once a year to refurbish our cement and dolomitic lime production facilities. In 2022, our cement and Magnesia Specialties operations incurred shutdown costs of 33.3 million and 6.0 million, respectively. Any significant interruption in production capability may require us to make significant capital expenditures to remedy problems or damage as well as cause us to lose revenue due to lost production time. 
 Our paving operations present additional risks to our business 
 Our paving operations face challenges when our contracts have penalties for late completion. In some instances, including many of our fixed-price contracts, we guarantee project completion by a certain date. If we subsequently fail to complete the project as scheduled, we may be held responsible for costs resulting from the delay, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. Under these circumstances, the total project cost could exceed our original estimate, and we could experience a loss of profit or a loss on the project. In our paving operations, we also have fixed-price and fixed-unit-price contracts where our profits can be adversely affected by a number of factors beyond our control, which can cause our actual costs to materially exceed the costs estimated at the time of our original bid. These same issues and risks can also impact some of our contracts in our asphalt and ready mixed concrete operations. These risks are somewhat mitigated by the fact that a majority of our road paving contracts are for short-term projects. 
 Our ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving product lines have lower profit margins and operating results can be more volatile 
 Our ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving operations typically generate lower profit margins than our aggregates and cement operations due to potentially volatile input costs, highly competitive market dynamics and lower barriers to entry. To reduce our exposure to fluctuations in raw materials costs, we divested our ready mixed concrete operations in Colorado and Central Texas in 2022. 

Form 10-K Page 23 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 Suppliers, Raw Materials and Energy Costs Risk Factors 
 Short supplies and high costs of fuel, energy and raw materials affect our businesses 
 Our businesses require a continued supply of diesel fuel, natural gas, coal, petroleum coke and other energy. Our financial results have historically been affected by the short supply or high costs of these fuels and energy. Changes in energy costs also affect the prices that we pay for related supplies, including explosives, conveyor belting and tires. While we can contract for some fuels and sources of energy, such as fixed-price supply contracts for natural gas, coal and petroleum coke, significant increases in costs or reduced availability of these items have and may in the future reduce our financial results. Moreover, fluctuations in the supply and costs of these fuels and energy can make planning for our businesses more difficult. Because of the fluctuating trends in diesel fuel prices, we may enter into fixed-price fuel agreements from time to time for a portion of our diesel fuel to reduce our diesel fuel price risk. 
 Cement production requires large amounts of energy, including electricity and fossil fuels. Energy costs represented approximately 28 of the 2022 production costs of our cement operations. Therefore, the cost of energy is one of our largest expenses. Prices for energy are subject to market forces largely beyond our control and can be volatile. Cost increases that we are unable to pass through in the form of price increases for our products or disruption of the uninterrupted supply of fuel and electricity could adversely affect us. Accordingly, energy cost volatility can adversely affect the financial results of our cement operations. The cement operations have fixed-price agreements for a portion of their 2023 coal, power and natural gas needs. 
 Similarly, our downstream operations also require a continued supply of liquid asphalt and cement, which serve as key raw materials in the production of hot mix asphalt and ready mixed concrete, respectively. Some of these raw materials we produce internally, but most are purchased from third parties. These purchased raw materials are subject to potential supply constraints and significant price fluctuations, which are beyond our control. The financial results of our ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving operations have been affected by the short supply or high costs of these raw materials. We generally see frequent volatility in the costs for these raw materials. 
 Our Magnesia Specialties business has fixed-price agreements for approximately 39 of its 2023 coal and natural gas needs. 
 Cement is sensitive to supply and price volatility 
 Cement competition is often based primarily on price, which is highly sensitive to changes in supply and demand. Prices may fluctuate significantly in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions and other market conditions, which we cannot control. When cement producers increase production capacity or more cement is imported into the market, an oversupply of cement in the market may occur if supply exceeds demand. In that case, cement prices generally decline. We cannot be assured that prices for our cement products sold will not decline in the future or that such decline will not have a material adverse effect on our cement product line. 
 Our Magnesia Specialties business depends in part on the steel industry and the supply of reasonably priced fuels 
 Our Magnesia Specialties business sells some of its products to companies in the steel industry. While we have reduced this risk over the last few years, this business is still dependent, in part, on the strength of the cyclical steel industry. Our Magnesia Specialties business also requires significant amounts of natural gas, coal and petroleum coke, and financial results are negatively affected by increases in fuel prices or shortages. 
 Cyber and Information Security Risk Factors 
 We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity risks and data leakage risks 
 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to our business operations, as well as confidential and sensitive information about our customers and employees maintained in our computer systems and networks, certain products and services and in the computer systems and networks of our third-party vendors, including cloud-based systems and managed service providers. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving as data thieves and hackers have become increasingly sophisticated and carry out direct large-scale, complex automated attacks against a company or through vendor software supply chain compromises. In addition, we have relied on our information technology infrastructure to support remote work from time to time and may need to do so in the future, 

Form 10-K Page 24 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 which can increase cyber risks. We are not able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any resulting material security breach or data loss. In addition, it is not always possible to deter misconduct by employees or third-party vendors. 
 We have experienced attacks to breach the security of our information technology systems, although all such breaches have been detected early and before any sensitive data or access was impacted or taken. Breaches of our technology systems, or those of our vendors and customers, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, vendor software supply chain compromises, physical breaches or other actions, may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in our Company s or such vendors and customers websites, applications, data processing and certain products and services, or disruption of other business operations. Furthermore, any such breaches could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by our Company (including information about our business, employees or customers), as well as sensitive personally identifiable information, the disclosure of which could lead to identity theft. Breaches of our products that rely on technology and internet connectivity can expose our Company to product and other liability risk and reputational harm. Measures that we take to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from material incidents, may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become ineffective. 
 We have invested and continue to invest in risk management and information security and data privacy measures in order to protect our systems and data, including employee training, organizational investments, incident response plans, table top exercises and technical defenses. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. Recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. Any material breaches of cybersecurity, including the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems, products and services or those of third parties relied upon by our Company could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, fines, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard our customers information or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by our Company. The report, rumor or assumption regarding a potential breach may have similar results, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to risks related to compliance with data privacy laws 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), which went into effect in January 2020, provides, among other things, a new private right of action for data breaches, requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, and provides consumers with additional rights. The California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act, which became effective on January 1, 2023, amends and expands the CCPA, creating new industry requirements, consumer privacy rights and enforcement mechanisms. Similarly, to conduct certain of our operations, we move data across national borders, and consequently are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the United States and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. The scope of the laws that may be applicable to our business is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of European Union law and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. Our reputation and brand and our ability to attract new customers could also be adversely impacted if we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to properly respond to security breaches of ours or third party s information technology systems. Such failure to properly respond could also result in similar exposure to liability. 
 All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. Privacy laws that may be implemented in the future will continue to require changes to certain business practices, thereby increasing costs, or may result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and may subject our Company to remedies that may harm our business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices. 

Form 10-K Page 25 

Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
 Other Risk Factors 
 Delays or interruptions in shipping products of our businesses could affect our operations 
 Transportation logistics play an important role in allowing us to supply products to our customers, whether by truck, rail or water. We also rely heavily on third-party truck and rail transportation to ship coal, natural gas and other fuels to our plants. Any significant delays, disruptions or the non-availability of our transportation support system could negatively affect our operations. Transportation operations are subject to capacity constraints, high fuel costs and various hazards, including extreme weather conditions and slowdowns due to labor strikes and other work stoppages. In Texas, we compete for third-party trucking services with operations in the oil and gas fields, which can significantly constrain the availability of those services to us. If there are material changes in the availability or cost of transportation services, we may not be able to arrange alternative and timely means to transport our products or fuels at a reasonable cost, which could lead to interruptions or slowdowns in our businesses or increases in our costs. 
 The availability of railcars can also affect our ability to transport our products. Railcars can be used to transport many different types of products across all of our segments. If owners sell or lease railcars for use in other industries, we may not have enough railcars to transport our products. 
 We have long-term agreements with shipping companies to provide ships to transport our aggregates products from our Bahamas and Nova Scotia operations to various coastal ports. These contracts have varying expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2027 and generally contain renewal options. Our inability to renew these agreements or enter into new ones with other shipping companies could affect our ability to transport our products. 
 Some of our products are distributed by barges along rivers in Ohio and West Virginia. We may experience, to a lesser degree, risks associated with distributing our products by barges, including significant delays, disruptions or the non-availability of our barge transportation system that could negatively affect our operations, water levels that could affect our ability to transport our products by barge, and barges that may not be available in quantities that we might need from time to time to support our operations. 
 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws and North Carolina law may inhibit a change in control that you may favor 
 Our restated articles of incorporation and restated bylaws and North Carolina law contain provisions that may delay, deter or inhibit a future acquisition of us not approved by our Board of Directors. This could occur even if our shareholders are offered an attractive value for their shares or if many or even a majority of our shareholders believe the takeover is in their best interest. These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with and obtain the approval of our Board of Directors in connection with the transaction. Provisions that could delay, deter or inhibit a future acquisition include the following: 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to establish the terms of, and issue, preferred stock without shareholder approval; 

the requirement that our shareholders may only remove directors for cause; 

the inability of our shareholders to call special meetings of shareholders; 

super-majority shareholder approval requirements for business combination transactions with certain five percent shareholders; and 

advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by our shareholders at shareholder meetings. 

Additionally, the occurrence of certain change-of-control events could result in an event of default under certain of our existing or future debt instruments. 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are no unresolved written comments that were received from the staff of the SEC one hundred and eighty (180) days or more before the end of the Company's fiscal year relating to its periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act. 

Form 10-K Page 26 

Part I Item 2 Properties 
 ITEM 2 P ROPERTIES 
 Building Materials Business 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company processed or shipped aggregates from 344 quarries, mines and distribution terminals in 28 states, Canada and The Bahamas. No individual quarry or mine is material to the Company s business or financial condition. The Company s aggregates reserves, on average, represent approximately 75 years at the 2022 annual production level. However, certain locations may be subject to more limited reserves and may not be able to expand. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operated 78 aggregates distribution terminals. In total, aggregates locations (quarries, mines and distribution terminals) include 154 located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances, 63 on land owned in part and leased in part, 114 on leased land, and 13 on facilities neither owned nor leased where raw materials are removed under an agreement. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company processed and shipped ready mixed concrete and asphalt products from 132 properties in five states, of which 98 are located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances, 3 are on land owned in part and leased in part, 28 are on leased land and 3 are at facilities neither owned nor leased. 
 An overview of the Company s quarrying and mining operations is included in Business Building Materials Business and Business Environmental and Governmental Regulations , included in Item 1, Business of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. The following map presents the locations of these quarries and underground mines, including the limestone reserves adjacent to the California cement plant that is classified as held for sale: 

Mineral reserves and mineral resources for the Company s aggregates and cement businesses have been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements of subpart 1300 of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K. Mineral resources represent concentrations or occurrences of material of economic interest in or on the Earth's crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. A measured mineral resource is that part of the mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological evidence and sampling in sufficient detail to support detailed extraction planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit to be quarried or mined. An indicated mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of 

Form 10-K Page 27 

Part I Item 2 Properties 
 adequate geological evidence and sampling in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit of the material to be quarried or mined. Inferred mineral resources are that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological evidence and sampling. The Company has no inferred resources as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 A mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. A probable mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some cases, a measured mineral resource. A proven mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and can only result from the conversion of a measured mineral resource. The Company estimates proven and probable mineral reserves based on the results of drilling and testing completed by or under the supervision of qualified persons. 
 The Company uses various exploratory drilling methods, depending on the type of deposit, to estimate mineral reserves that are economically mineable. The extent of drilling varies depending on the complexity of the mineral deposit and whether the location is a potential new site (greensite), an existing location or a potential acquisition. More extensive drilling is performed for potential greensites and acquisitions, and, in rare cases, the Company may rely on existing geological data or results of prior drilling by reputable third parties. Subsequent to drilling, selected drill samples are tested by an accredited laboratory for soundness, abrasion resistance and other physical properties relevant to the aggregates industry. If the mineral reserves meet the Company s standards and are economically mineable, they are either leased or purchased. Once in operation, routine quality control testing is performed to ensure the quality grade of aggregates continues to meet specifications. 
 In determining the amount of reserves, evaluations are completed by or under the supervision of qualified Company personnel using industry best practices and internal controls defined by the Company. Reserve estimates represent net tons after consideration of applicable losses incurred during mining and plant processing. The Company s policy is to exclude from reserve estimates the portions of a mineral deposit that are not available due to property boundaries, set-backs and plant configurations, as deemed appropriate when estimating reserves. The Company uses the same methods of analysis to evaluate and estimate the amount of its mineral reserves used in the cement manufacturing process for its cement operations as it does for its aggregates operations. For additional information on the Company s assessment of reserves, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Financial Information - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Property, Plant and Equipment included under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Form 10-K. While the mineral reserve and resource classification categories (proven and probable) identify relative confidence of reserve estimates, there is inherent risk associated with such estimates. The Company bases estimates on the information known at the time of determination and regularly reevaluates reserves whenever new information indicates a material change in reserves at one of the Company s sites. 
 In general, quarry and mining facilities must comply with air quality, water quality, noise regulations, zoning and special-use permitting requirements, applicable mining regulations, and federal health and safety requirements. As new quarry and mining sites are located and acquired, the Company works closely with local authorities during the zoning and permitting processes to design new quarries and mines in such a way as to minimize disturbances. The Company frequently acquires large tracts of land so that quarry, mine and production facilities can be situated substantial distances from surrounding property owners. 
 Set forth in the tables below are the Company s estimates as of December 31, 2022 of proven and probable mineral reserves of aggregates (crushed stone and sand and gravel) and measured, indicated and inferred mineral resources of aggregates (exclusive of proven and probable reserves), shown on a geographic division basis. The East Division includes Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Canada and The Bahamas. The Central Division includes Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Ohio and West Virginia. The Southwest Division includes Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas. The West Division includes Arizona, California, Colorado, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. The reserve estimates shown were determined to be economically mineable using a reasonable and justifiable price for salable product as of December 31, 2021 with respect to each division for each product category of aggregates resources. The Company s estimate of resources and reserves of aggregates shown in the tables below includes resources and reserves that would be devoted for use in the Company s cement product line and Magnesia Specialties business. 

Form 10-K Page 28 

Part I Item 2 Properties 

Summary Mineral Resources At End of Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 1,2 

Measured Mineral Resources 
 Indicated Mineral Resources 
 Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources 
 Inferred Mineral Resources 

Tons (in thousands) 
 
 Grades/Qualities 
 Tons (in thousands) 
 
 Grades/Qualities 
 Tons (in thousands) 
 
 Grades/Qualities 
 Tons (in thousands) 
 
 Grades/Qualities 

Crushed Stone 

East Division 
 
 144,299 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 30,584 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 174,883 
 
 Crushed Stone 

Crushed Stone 

Central Division 

Crushed Stone 
 
 22,730 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 22,730 
 
 Crushed Stone 

Crushed Stone 

Southwest Division 

Crushed Stone 

Crushed Stone 

Crushed Stone 

Crushed Stone 

West Division 
 
 61,320 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 152,137 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 213,457 
 
 Crushed Stone 

Crushed Stone 

Total crushed stone 
 
 205,619 

205,451 

411,070 

Sand and Gravel 

East Division 

Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

Central Division 
 
 1,102 
 
 Sand Gravel 
 
 35,390 
 
 Sand Gravel 
 
 36,492 
 
 Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

Southwest Division 

Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

West Division 
 
 59,839 
 
 Sand Gravel 
 
 143,191 
 
 Sand Gravel 
 
 203,030 
 
 Sand Gravel 

Sand Gravel 

Total sand and gravel 
 
 60,941 

178,581 

239,522 

Summary Mineral Reserves At End of Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 1,2 

Proven Mineral Reserves 
 Probable Mineral Reserves 
 Total Mineral Reserves 

Tons (in thousands) 
 
 Grades/Qualities 
 Tons (in thousands) 
 
 Grades/Qualities 
 Tons (in thousands) 
 
 Grades/Qualities 

Crushed Stone 

East Division 
 
 4,608,483 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 3,643,381 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 8,251,864 
 
 Crushed Stone 

Central Division 
 
 1,472,296 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 1,418,537 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 2,890,833 
 
 Crushed Stone 

Southwest Division 
 
 2,253,444 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 1,711,836 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 3,965,280 
 
 Crushed Stone 

West Division 
 
 351,196 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 600,000 
 
 Crushed Stone 
 
 951,196 
 
 Crushed Stone 

Total crushed stone 
 
 8,685,419 

7,373,754 

16,059,173 

Sand and Gravel 

East Division 
 
 63,500 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 110,046 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 173,546 
 
 Sand and Gravel 

Central Division 
 
 226,350 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 69,562 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 295,912 
 
 Sand and Gravel 

Southwest Division 
 
 55,196 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 80,557 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 135,753 
 
 Sand and Gravel 

West Division 
 
 170,288 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 41,436 
 
 Sand and Gravel 
 
 211,724 
 
 Sand and Gravel 

Total sand and gravel 
 
 515,334 

301,601 

816,935 

1. The tons presented were determined to be economically mineable using the 2021 average selling price per ton for that product category in that geographic division. There is a range of selling prices for each product category and each geography that depend on the type of product, whether it is washed or not, and its end use. The average selling price per ton used for crushed stone for the East Division, Central Division, Southwest Division and West Division was 15.65, 14.08, 10.46 and 11.53, respectively. The average selling price per ton used for sand and gravel for the East Division, Central Division, Southwest Division and West Division was 10.66, 10.73, 13.28 and 13.52, respectively. These prices exclude any portion of revenues allocated to freight, including internal freight to ship products from a producing quarry to a distribution terminal and third-party freight to deliver product to a customer. 

2. For the purposes of this table, the Company calculates its mineral reserves based on land that has been zoned for quarrying and land for which the Company has determined zoning is not required. The Company's reserves presented in the Central Division include dolomitic limestone reserves used in the Magnesia Specialties business. The Company's reserves presented in the Southwest Division and the West Division include limestone reserves used in the business of the cement product line. 

The following presents the Company s total annual production for the last three years, shown on a product line-by-product line basis. 

Total Annual Production (tons in millions) For year ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Aggregates 

214.5 

199.6 

191.2 

Cement limestone 

6.6 

5.4 

5.1 

Magnesia Specialties limestone 

2.9 

3.0 

2.8 

Total 

224.0 

208.0 

199.1 

Cement 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company processed or shipped cement from 14 properties in two states, of which 7 are located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances, 1 is located on land owned in part and leased in part and 6 are 

Form 10-K Page 29 

Part I Item 2 Properties 
 on leased land. The Company s cement operations have production facilities located at three sites: Midlothian, Texas, south of Dallas/Fort Worth; Hunter, Texas, north of San Antonio; and Tehachapi, California. Tehachapi was acquired on October 1, 2021 in connection with the Lehigh Hanson West Region acquisition and is classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes certain information about the Company s cement manufacturing facilities at December 31, 2022: 

Plant 
 
 Rated Annual Productive Capacity-Tons of Clinker (in millions) 
 
 Manufacturing Process 
 
 Service Date 
 
 Internally Estimated Reserves Years 

Midlothian, TX 
 
 2.4 
 
 Dry 
 
 2001 
 
 60 

Hunter, TX 
 
 2.1 
 
 Dry 
 
 2013, 1981 
 
 140 

Tehachapi, CA 
 
 0.9 
 
 Dry 
 
 2018, 1990, 1908 
 
 30 

Total 
 
 5.4 

Reserves identified with the facilities shown above are contained on approximately 3,000 acres of land owned by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimated its total proven and probable limestone reserves on such land to be approximately 717 million tons, which are included in the Summary Mineral Reserves table. 
 The Company s cement manufacturing facilities include kilns, crushers, pre-heaters/calciners, coolers, finish mills and other equipment used to process limestone and other raw materials into cement, as well as equipment used to extract and transport the limestone from the adjacent quarries. These cement manufacturing facilities are served by rail and truck. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company also operated, directly or through third parties, 11 cement distribution terminals, of which six are classified as assets held for sale. 
 Magnesia Specialties Business 
 The Magnesia Specialties business currently operates major manufacturing facilities in Manistee, Michigan, and Woodville, Ohio. Both of these facilities are owned. 
 Other Properties 
 The Company s principal corporate office, which it leases, is located in Raleigh, North Carolina. The Company owns and leases various administrative offices for its five operating business segments. 
 Condition and Utilization 
 The Company s principal properties, which are of varying ages and construction types, are believed to be generally in good condition, are generally well maintained, and are generally suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are used. 
 During 2022, the principal properties of the aggregates operations were believed to be utilized at average productive capacities of approximately 75 and were capable of supporting a higher level of market demand. The Company adjusts its production schedules to meet volume demand for its products. 
 During 2022, the Texas cement kilns operated on average at 77 utilization. The Portland Cement Association (PCA) has projected that Texas cement consumption will increase 2.0 in 2023 over 2022. The cement business leadership, in collaboration with the aggregates and ready mixed concrete teams, has developed strategic plans regarding inter-plant efficiencies, as well as tactical plans addressing plant utilization and efficiency. 
 The Company s Magnesia Specialties business expects future organic earnings growth to result from increased pricing, product mix optimization, capacity expansion projects and/or cost reductions. In the current operating environment, where steel utilization is between 72 and 77 , any unplanned change in costs or customers introduces volatility to the earnings of the Magnesia Specialties segment. The dolomitic lime business of the Magnesia Specialties segment operated at 77 utilization in 2022. 

Form 10-K Page 30 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, claims of various types are asserted against the Company arising out of its operations in the normal course of business, including claims relating to land use and permits, safety, health, and environmental matters (such as noise abatement, blasting, vibrations, air emissions, and water discharges). Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and it is not possible to determine the probable outcome of, or the amount of liability, if any, from these matters. In the opinion of management of the Company (which opinion is based in part upon consideration of the opinion of counsel), based upon currently-available facts, it is remote that the ultimate outcome of any litigation and other proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the overall results of the Company's operations, its cash flows or its financial condition. However, management cannot assure that an adverse outcome in any of such litigation would not have a material adverse effect on the Company or its operating segments. 
 The Company was not required to pay any penalties in 2022 for failure to disclose certain reportable transactions under Section 6707A of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 See also Note O: Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements of the Company s consolidated financial statements included under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Form 10-K and the Environmental Regulation and Litigation section included under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFE TY DISCLOSURES 
 The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-K. 
 In formation about our Executive Officers 
 The following sets forth certain information regarding the executive officers of Martin Marietta as of February 24, 2023: 

Name 
 Age 
 Present Position 
 Year Assumed Present Position 
 Other Positions and Other Business Experience Within the Last Five Years 

C. Howard Nye 
 60 
 Chairman of the Board; 
 2014 

Chief Executive Officer; 
 2010 

President; 
 2006 

President of Aggregates Business; 
 2010 

Chairman of Magnesia Specialties Business 
 2007 

James A. J. Nickolas 
 52 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 2017 
 Principal Accounting Officer (2019) 

Roselyn R. Bar 
 64 
 Executive Vice President; 
 2015 

General Counsel; 
 2001 

Corporate Secretary 
 1997 

Oliver W. Brooks 
 37 
 Senior Vice President, Enterprise Excellence 
 2022 
 Vice President, Strategic Planning for Southwest Division (2020-2022); General Manager, North Texas/Oklahoma District (2018-2020); General Manager, Denver Metro Ready Mix (2016-2018) 

Robert J. Cardin 
 59 
 Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 2019 
 Vice President and Corporate Controller (2019); Chief Accounting Officer, SWM International (2013-2019) 

Craig M. LaTorre 
 55 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resource Officer 
 2019 
 Vice President, Human Resources (2018-2019); Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (2013-2018), Andeavor (formerly known as Tesoro Corporation) 

John P. Mohr 
 58 
 Senior Vice President; 
 2017 

Chief Information Officer 
 2015 

Michael J. Petro 
 39 
 Senior Vice President, Strategy Development 
 2021 
 Vice President, Strategy and Development (2018-2021); Director, Strategy and Development (2015-2018) 

Form 10-K Page 31 

Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRAN T S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information and Holders 
 The Company s common stock, 0.01 par value, is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) (Symbol: MLM). There were 739 holders of record of the Company s common stock as of February 15, 2023. 

Form 10-K Page 32 

Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph and accompanying table compare the five-year cumulative total return from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 for (a) the Company s common stock, (b) the Standard Poor s 500 Composite Stock Index, and (c) the Standard Poor s 500 Materials Index. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 

Form 10-K Page 33 

Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 

13,102,616 

November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 

13,102,616 

December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 

13,102,616 

Total 

13,102,616 

1. The Company s stock repurchase program, which currently authorizes the repurchase of 20 million shares of common stock, is approved by the Board of Directors from time to time, and updated as appropriate by the Board of Directors, and announced to the public by press release. The latest announcement on this topic was the Company s press release dated February 10, 2015 that its Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to 20 million shares of its outstanding common stock, which included 5 million shares authorized under the Company s previous share repurchase program. Previous press releases announcing prior share repurchase programs and the related amounts of common stock included under the share repurchase authorizations were as follows: (i) press release dated August 15, 2007 (5 million shares); (ii) press release dated February 22, 2006 (5 million shares); and (iii) May 6, 1994 (2.5 million shares). 

ITEM 6 RESERVED 
 Not required. 

Form 10-K Page 34 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSI ON AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 INTRODUCTORY OVERVIEW 
 
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the Company or Martin Marietta) is a natural resource-based building materials company, with 2022 total revenues of 6.16 billion and 2022 net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta of 856.3 million. These results were achieved in part by supplying aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel) through its network of approximately 350 quarries, mines and distribution yards in 28 states, Canada and The Bahamas. Martin Marietta also provides cement and downstream products, namely ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving services, in certain markets where the Company has a leading aggregates position. Specifically, the Company has two cement plants in Texas, ready mixed concrete operations in Arizona, California and Texas, and asphalt operations in Arizona, California, Colorado and Minnesota. Paving services are offered in California and Colorado. The Company also has one cement plant, related cement distribution terminals and ready mixed concrete operations in California that are classified as assets held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company s heavy-side building materials are used in infrastructure, nonresidential and residential construction projects. Aggregates are also used in agricultural, utility and environmental applications and as railroad ballast. The aggregates, cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving product lines are reported collectively as the Building Materials business. 
 As more fully discussed in the Consolidated Strategic Objectives section, geography is critically important for the Building Materials business. The Company conducts its Building Materials business through two reportable segments, organized by geography: East Group and West Group. The East Group, consisting of the East and Central divisions, provides aggregates and asphalt products. The West Group is comprised of the Southwest and West divisions and provides aggregates, cement, downstream products and paving services. Further, the following five states accounted for 64 of the Building Materials business 2022 total revenues: Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Minnesota and California. 

Form 10-K Page 35 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Magnesia Specialties 
 The Company operates a Magnesia Specialties business with production facilities in Michigan and Ohio. The Magnesia Specialties business produces magnesia-based chemicals products used in industrial, agricultural and environmental applications. It also produces dolomitic lime sold primarily to customers for steel production and soil stabilization. Magnesia Specialties products are shipped to customers domestically and worldwide. 
 Consolidated Strategic Objectives 
 The Company s strategic planning process, or S trategic O perating A nalysis and R eview (SOAR), provides the framework for execution of Martin Marietta s long-term strategic plan. Guided by this framework and considering the cyclicality of the Building Materials business, the Company determines capital allocation priorities to maximize long-term shareholder value creation. The Company s strategy includes ongoing evaluation of aggregates-led opportunities of scale in new domestic markets (i.e., platform acquisitions) and expansion through acquisitions that complement existing operations (i.e., bolt-on acquisitions). To that effect, the Company has invested nearly 8.0 billion in acquisitions since the launch of SOAR in 2010. The Company finances such opportunities with the goal of preserving its financial flexibility by having a leverage ratio (consolidated net debt-to-consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization, or EBITDA) within a range of 2.0 times to 2.5 times within a reasonable period of time, typically within 18 months, following the completion of a debt-financed transaction. SOAR also includes the identification and potential disposition of assets that are not consistent with stated strategic goals. Notably, in 2022, the Company divested its Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete businesses and certain West Coast cement and ready mixed concrete operations, refining its product mix and improving margin profile, while providing balance sheet flexibility. 
 The Company, by purposeful design, will continue to be an aggregates-led business that focuses on markets with strong, underlying growth fundamentals where it can sustain or achieve a leading market position. In fact, aggregates product gross profit represented 69 of 2022 total consolidated products and services gross profit. As part of its long-term strategic plan, the Company may also pursue strategic cement and targeted downstream opportunities. For Martin Marietta, strategic cement and targeted downstream operations are located in vertically-integrated markets where the Company has, or envisions, among other things, a clear path toward a leading aggregates position. 

Form 10-K Page 36 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Generally, the Company s building materials are both sourced and sold locally. As a result, geography is critically important when assessing market attractiveness and growth opportunities. Attractive geographies generally exhibit (a) population growth and/or high population density, both of which are drivers of heavy-side building materials consumption; (b) business and employment diversity, drivers of greater economic stability; and (c) a superior state financial position, a driver of public infrastructure investment. 
 Population growth and density are assessed based on a site s proximity to one of the megaregions in the United States. Megaregions are large networks of metropolitan population centers covering thousands of square miles. According to America 2050 , a planning and policy program of the Regional Plan Association, a majority of the nation s population and economic growth through 2050 will occur in 11 megaregions. The Company has a meaningful presence in ten of the megaregions. As evidence of the successful execution of SOAR, the Company s leading positions in the Texas Triangle, Colorado s Front Range, northern and southern California and Arizona s Sun Corridor megaregions, its growth platform in the southern portion of the Northeast megaregion and its enhanced position in the Piedmont Atlantic megaregion, primarily in the Atlanta area, are the results of acquisitions since 2011. The Company has a legacy presence in the southeastern portion of the Great Lakes megaregion, encompassing operations in Indiana and Ohio, as well as the Florida megaregion and the Gulf Coast megaregion in Texas. 

Form 10-K Page 37 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 With respect to business and employment diversity, the Company focuses its geographic footprint along significant transportation and commerce corridors, particularly where land is readily available for the development of fulfillment and/or data centers. The retail sector (both e-commerce and brick and mortar) values transportation corridors, as logistics and distribution are critical considerations for construction supporting that industry. In addition, technology companies view these areas as attractive locations for data centers. 
 The Company considers a state s financial health rating, as issued by S P Global Ratings, in determining the opportunities and attractiveness of areas for expansion or development. The Company s top ten revenue-generating states have been evaluated and scored a financial health rating of AA- or higher, where AAA is the highest score. The Company also reviews the state s ability to secure additional infrastructure funding and financing. 
 In line with the Company s strategic objectives, management s overall focus includes: 
 Upholding the Company s commitment to its Mission, Vision and Values 

Navigating effectively through construction cycles to balance investment decisions against expected shipment volumes 

Tracking shifts in population trends, as well as local, state and national economic conditions, to ensure changing trends are reflected against the execution of the strategic plan 

Integrating acquired businesses efficiently to maximize the return on the investment 

Allocating capital in a manner consistent with the following long-standing priorities while maintaining financial flexibility 

Acquisitions 

Organic capital investment 

Return of cash to shareholders through both meaningful and sustainable dividends as well as share repurchases 

Form 10-K Page 38 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 2022 Performance Highlights 
 Achieved Industry-Leading Safety Performance: 
 Record company-wide Lost-Time Incident Rate (LTIR) of 0.15, the sixth consecutive year of world-class or better LTIR thresholds 

Record company-wide Total Injury Incident Rate (TIIR) of 0.78, the second consecutive year of world-class or better TIIR thresholds 

Achieved Record Financial Performance: 
 The Company achieved record total revenues, products and services revenues, consolidated gross profit and Adjusted EBITDA (defined in Results of Operations section), benefiting from double-digit pricing growth across all product lines of the Building Materials business and contributions from acquired operations, which more than offset increased inflationary pressure from rising input costs and divestiture impacts on an absolute basis. Further, 2022 represented the eleventh consecutive year of annual growth for products and services revenues, adjusted gross profit and Adjusted EBITDA. The Company s commitment to safety and operational and commercial excellence resulted in the following financial performance from continuing operations (comparisons with 2021): 
 Record consolidated total revenues of 6.16 billion compared with 5.41 billion, an increase of 13.8 

Record consolidated gross profit of 1.42 billion compared with 1.35 billion, an increase of 5.6 ; 2021 consolidated gross profit was burdened by 30.6 million of costs related to the impact of selling acquired inventory after its markup to fair value as part of acquisition accounting 

Consolidated selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses representing 6.4 of total revenues 

Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta of 856.3 million compared with 702.0 million, an increase of 22.0 

Record consolidated Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations of 1.60 billion, an increase of 4.7 

Operating cash flow of 991.2 million, a decrease of 12.9 

Continued Disciplined Execution Against Capital Allocation Priorities: 
 Optimized portfolio with divestitures of the Company's Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete businesses and certain West Coast cement and ready mixed concrete operations 

Capital investments into operations of 481.8 million 

Quarterly dividend increase of 8 in August 2022, resulting in total annual dividends paid of 159.1 million, or 2.54 per share 

Repurchase of 0.4 million shares of common stock at a total cost of 150.0 million 

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
 Building Materials Business 
 The Building Materials business serves customers in the construction marketplace. The business profitability is sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions and cyclical swings in construction spending, which are affected by fluctuations in levels of public-sector infrastructure funding; interest rates; access to capital markets; and demographic, geographic, employment and population dynamics. 
 The heavy-side construction business, inclusive of much of the Company s operations, is conducted outdoors. Therefore, erratic weather patterns, precipitation and other weather-related conditions, including flooding, hurricanes, cold temperatures, earthquakes, droughts and wildfires, can significantly affect production schedules, shipments, costs, efficiencies and profitability. Generally, the financial results for the first and fourth quarters are most subject to the impacts of winter weather, while the second and third quarters can be subject to the impacts of heavy precipitation. The impacts of erratic weather patterns are more fully discussed in the Building Materials Business Key Considerations section. 

Form 10-K Page 39 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Product Lines 
 Aggregates are an engineered, granular material consisting of crushed stone, sand and gravel, manufactured to specific sizes, grades and chemistry for use primarily in construction applications. The Company s operations consist mostly of open pit quarries; however, the Company is also the largest operator of underground aggregates mines in the United States, with 14 active underground mines located in the East Group. The Company s aggregates reserves average approximately 75 years at the 2022 annual production level. 
 Cement is the basic agent used to bind coarse aggregates, sand and water in the production of ready mixed concrete. The Company has a strategic and leading cement position in the state of Texas, with production facilities in Midlothian, Texas, south of Dallas/Fort Worth, and Hunter, Texas, centrally located along I-35 between San Antonio and Austin. These two facilities produce Portland limestone and specialty cements, have a combined annual capacity of approximately 4.5 million tons and collectively operated at approximately 77 utilization for clinker production in 2022; clinker is the initial product of cement production. The Midlothian plant has a permit that allows for annual capacity expansion of 0.8 million tons. The Company is currently undertaking a finishing capacity expansion project at the Midlothian plant, which is expected to be completed in the middle of 2024 and will provide 0.5 million tons of incremental annual capacity. Further, the Company is nearing completion of converting its plants to manufacture a less carbon-intensive Portland limestone cement, known as Type 1L, that has been approved by the Texas Department of Transportation. In addition to the two production facilities, the Company operates several cement distribution terminals. 
 Calcium carbonate in the form of limestone is the principal raw material used in the production of cement. The Company owns more than 600 million tons of limestone reserves adjacent to its cement production plants in Texas. During 2021, the Company purchased two cement plants in Redding and Tehachapi, California, and related distribution facilities as part of the acquisition of Lehigh Hanson, Inc.'s West Region business (Lehigh West Region). The Redding plant and related distribution terminals were sold on June 30, 2022. The Tehachapi plant and related distribution terminals were classified as assets held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In August 2022, the Company announced a definitive agreement to sell the Tehachapi plant and related distribution terminals, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. 
 Ready mixed concrete is measured in cubic yards and specifically batched or produced for customers construction projects and then typically transported by mixer trucks and poured at the project site. The coarse aggregates used for ready mixed concrete are a washed material with limited amounts of fines (i.e., dirt and clay). The Company operates ready mixed concrete plants in Arizona, California and Texas. The California ready mixed concrete operations were classified as assets held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Asphalt is most commonly used in surfacing roads and parking lots and consists of liquid asphalt, or bitumen, the binding medium, and aggregates. Similar to ready mixed concrete, each asphalt batch is produced to customer specifications. The Company s asphalt operations are located in Arizona, California, Colorado and Minnesota and paving services are offered in California and Colorado. Market dynamics for these downstream product lines include a highly competitive environment and lower barriers to entry compared with the Company s upstream product lines of aggregates and cement. 
 End-Use Trends 
 According to the latest available data published by the U.S. Geological Survey, for the nine months ended September 30, 2022, estimated construction aggregates consumption increased 3.0 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2021, and for the eleven months ended November 30, 2022, cement consumption increased 4.4 versus the comparable prior-year period. 

National not seasonally adjusted construction spending statistics for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 versus the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, according to U.S. Census Bureau, reveal: 

- Total value of construction put in place increased 10 
 - Public construction spending increased 5 
 - Private nonresidential construction market spending increased 9 
 - Private residential construction market spending increased 13 
 The principal end-use markets of the Building Materials business are public infrastructure (i.e., highways; streets; roads; bridges; and schools); nonresidential construction (i.e., manufacturing and distribution facilities; industrial complexes; office 

Form 10-K Page 40 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 buildings; large retailers and wholesalers; healthcare; hospitality; and energy-related activity); and residential construction (i.e., subdivision development; and single- and multi-family housing). Aggregates are also used in agricultural, utility and environmental applications and as railroad ballast, collectively comprising the ChemRock/Rail market. 
 Public infrastructure projects can require several years to complete, while residential and nonresidential construction projects are usually completed within one year. Generally, customer purchase orders do not contain firm quantity commitments, regardless of end-use market. Therefore, management does not utilize a Company backlog in managing its business. 
 Infrastructure 
 The public infrastructure market accounted for 35 of the Company s aggregates shipments in 2022, a 5 volume increase from 2021 as a result of solid demand spurred by accelerating federal and state level investment. The Company s shipments to this end-use market remain below the most recent five-year average of 36 and ten-year average of 39 . 
 Public construction projects, once awarded, are typically seen through to completion. Thus, delays from weather or other factors can serve to extend the duration of the construction cycle. While construction spending in the public and private market sectors is affected by economic cycles, public infrastructure spending has been comparatively more stable due to the predictability of funding from federal, state and local governments. The Infrastructure Investments and Jobs Act (IIJ Act) was signed into law on November 15, 2021 and contains a five-year surface transportation reauthorization plus 110 billion in new funding for roads, bridges and other hard infrastructure projects. 
 State and local initiatives that support infrastructure funding, including gas tax increases and other ballot initiatives, are increasing in size and number as these governments recognize the need for their expanded role in public infrastructure funding. In November 2022, 411 state and local ballot initiatives, or 87 of all infrastructure funding measures up for vote, were approved. These approved infrastructure initiatives are estimated to generate nearly 23 billion in one-time and recurring revenues, with initiatives in Texas, the Company s largest revenue-generating state, accounting for over 15 billion of this total. 
 Nonresidential 
 The nonresidential construction market accounted for 36 of the Company s aggregates shipments in 2022, a 3 volume increase over 2021, reflecting several large warehouse projects. Large industrial projects of scale led by energy, onshore manufacturing and data centers continue to lead the segment, accounting for the majority of total nonresidential shipments. Over the medium term, the Company expects enhanced federal investment from the Inflation Reduction Act and Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors Act will further support and accelerate post-pandemic secular growth trends, including restructured manufacturing and energy supply chains, electric vehicle transition and continued adoption of digital and cloud-based technologies, resulting in robust demand within the heavy nonresidential sector. The Dodge Momentum Index, a twelve-month leading indicator of construction spending for nonresidential building compiled by Dodge Construction Network, was 222.2 in December 2022, where the year 2000 serves as an index basis of 100. This represented an increase of 40 from December 2021, further suggesting positive momentum in the nonresidential construction sector at the onset of 2023. 
 Residential 
 The residential construction market accounted for 24 of the Company s aggregates shipments in 2022 and was flat compared with strong 2021 activity. This end use typically moves in direct correlation with economic cycles. The Company s exposure to residential construction is split between aggregates used in the construction of subdivisions (including streets, sidewalks, utilities and storm and sewage drainage), single-family homes and multi-family units. Construction of both subdivisions and single-family homes is nearly three times more aggregates intensive than construction of multi-family units. Therefore, the level of new subdivision starts, as well as new single-family housing permits, is a strong leading indicator of residential volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, not seasonally adjusted national housing starts decreased 3 to 1.55 million units compared with 2021 and not seasonally adjusted national housing permits decreased 5 versus 2021. Despite overall underbuilt conditions, several of the Company's markets experienced a slowdown in single-family demand due to affordability concerns, increased interest rates and logistical challenges. 
 ChemRock/Rail 
 The remaining 5 of the Company s 2022 aggregates shipments was to the ChemRock/Rail market, which includes ballast and agricultural limestone. Ballast is an aggregates product used to stabilize railroad track beds. Agricultural lime, a high-calcium 

Form 10-K Page 41 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 carbonate material, is used as a supplement in animal feed, a soil acidity neutralizer and agricultural growth enhancer. Additionally, ChemRock/Rail includes rip rap, which is used as a stabilizing material to control erosion caused by water runoff at embankments, ocean beaches, inlets, rivers and streams, and high-calcium limestone, which is used as filler in glass, plastic, paint, rubber, adhesives, grease and paper. Chemical-grade, high-calcium limestone is used as a desulfurization material in utility plants. 
 Pricing Trends 
 Materials pricing for construction projects is generally based on terms committing to the availability of specified products of a stated quantity at an agreed-upon price during a definitive period. Since infrastructure projects span multiple years, announced price changes can have a lag time before taking effect while the Company sells products under existing price agreements. Pricing escalators included in multi-year infrastructure contracts serve to somewhat mitigate this effect. However, during periods of sharp or rapid increases in production costs, multi-year infrastructure contract pricing may provide only nominal pricing growth. Additionally, the Company may implement multiple price increases throughout the year, on a market-by-market basis, where appropriate, as was done in 2022. Pricing is determined locally and is affected by supply and demand characteristics of the local market. For further information on pricing, see the discussion in the Financial Overview section. 
 
 Cost Structure 
 Costs of revenues for the Building Materials business are components of costs incurred at the quarries, mines, cement plants, ready mixed concrete plants, asphalt plants, paving operations and distribution yards and facilities. Cost of revenues also includes the cost of resale materials, freight expenses to transport materials from a producing quarry or cement plant to a distribution yard or facility and production overhead costs. 

Form 10-K Page 42 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Generally, the significant components of costs of revenues for the aggregates product line are (1) labor and related benefits; (2) internal freight; (3) depreciation, depletion and amortization; (4) repairs and maintenance; (5) energy; (6) supplies; and (7) contract services. In 2022, these categories represented 82 of the aggregates product line's total costs of revenues. 
 
 Variable costs are expenses that fluctuate with the level of production volume, while fixed costs are expenses that do not vary based on production or sales volume. Production is the key driver in determining the levels of variable costs, as it affects the number of hourly employees and related labor hours. Further, components of energy, supplies and repairs and maintenance costs also increase in connection with higher production volumes. Accordingly, the Company s operating leverage can be substantial. 
 Generally, when the Company invests capital in facilities and equipment, increased capacity and productivity reduce labor and repair costs, and can offset increased fixed depreciation costs. However, the increased productivity and related efficiencies may not be fully realized in a lower-demand environment, resulting in under-absorption of fixed costs. 
 Wage and benefit inflation and other increases in labor costs may be somewhat mitigated by enhanced productivity in an expanding economy. Further, workforce reductions resulting from process automation and mobile fleet right-sizing, primarily in the aggregates operations, have mitigated rising labor costs. During economic downturns, the Company reviews its operations and, where practical, temporarily idles certain sites. The Company is able to serve these markets with other open facilities that are in close proximity. In certain markets, management can create production super crews that work on a rotating basis at various locations. For example, within a market, a crew may work three days per week at one quarry and the other two workdays at another quarry. This has allowed the Company to responsibly manage headcount in periods of lower demand. 
 Cement production is a capital-intensive operation with high fixed costs to run plants that operate continuously with the exception of maintenance shutdowns. Kiln and finishing mill maintenance typically requires a plant to be shut down for a period of time as repairs are made. In 2022 and 2021, the cement operations incurred outage costs of 33.3 million and 23.6 million, respectively. The increase in outage costs in 2022 compared with 2021 is primarily attributable to the timing of planned and unplanned kiln outages. The Company adjusts production levels in anticipation of planned maintenance shutdowns. 
 The production of ready mixed concrete and asphalt requires the use of cement and liquid asphalt raw materials, respectively. Therefore, fluctuations in availability and prices for these raw materials directly affect the Company s operating results. 
 Typically, diesel fuel represents the single-largest component of energy costs for the Building Materials business. The average cost per gallon was 4.01 and 2.36 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in energy costs also affect the prices that the Company pays for related supplies, including explosives, conveyor belting and tires. Further, the Company s contracts of affreightment for shipping products on its rail and waterborne distribution network typically include provisions for escalations or reductions in the amounts paid by the Company if the price of fuel moves outside a stated range. 

Form 10-K Page 43 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Building Materials Business Key Considerations 
 Growth markets with limited supply of indigenous stone must be served via a long-haul distribution network 
 The U.S. Department of the Interior identified possible sources of indigenous rock and documented its limited supply in certain areas of the United States, including the coastal areas from Virginia to Texas. Further, certain interior United States markets may experience limited availability of locally sourced aggregates resulting from increasingly restrictive zoning, permitting and/or environmental laws and regulations. The Company s long-haul distribution network is used to supplement, or in many cases, wholly supply, the local crushed stone needs of these areas. 
 The long-haul distribution network can also diversify market risk for locations that engage in long-haul transportation of aggregates products. This is particularly true where a producing quarry serves a local market and transports products via rail, water and/or truck to be sold in other markets. The risk of a downturn in one market may be somewhat mitigated by other markets served by the location. 
 Product shipments are moved by rail, water and truck through the Company s long-haul distribution network. The Company s rail network primarily serves its Texas, Florida, Colorado and Gulf Coast markets, while the Company s Bahamas and Nova Scotia locations transport materials via oceangoing ships. The Company s strategic focus includes expanding inland and offshore capacity and acquiring distribution yards and port locations to offload transported material. At December 31, 2022, the distribution network available to the Company consisted of 78 aggregates yards and 11 cement terminals, of which six cement terminals were classified as discontinued operations. 
 The Company s increased rail shipments have made it more reliant on railroad operations, including track congestion, crew and locomotive availability, the effects of adverse weather conditions and the ability to negotiate favorable railroad shipping contracts. Further, changes in the operating strategy of rail transportation providers can create operational inefficiencies and increased costs from the Company s rail network. 
 
 A portion of railcars and all ships of the Company s long-haul distribution network are under short- and long-term leases, some with purchase options, and contracts of affreightment. The limited availability of water and rail transportation providers, coupled with limited distribution sites, can adversely affect lease rates for such services and ultimately the freight rates. 
 The Company has long-term agreements providing dedicated shipping capacity from its Bahamas and Nova Scotia operations to its coastal ports. These contracts of affreightment are take-or-pay contracts with minimum and maximum shipping requirements. The minimum requirements were met in 2022. The Company s waterborne contracts of affreightment have varying expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2027 and generally contain renewal options. However, there can be no assurance that such contracts can be renewed upon expiration or that terms will continue without significant increases. 

Form 10-K Page 44 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The multiple transportation modes that have been developed with various rail carriers and deep-water ships provide the Company with the flexibility to effectively serve customers primarily in the Southwest and Southeast coastal markets. 
 Public infrastructure, historically, the Company s largest end-use market, is funded through a combination of federal, state and local sources 
 Transportation investments generally boost the national economy by enhancing mobility and access and creating jobs, which are priorities of many of the government s economic plans. Public-sector construction related to transportation infrastructure is funded through a combination of federal, state and local sources. The federal highway bill, currently the IIJ Act, provides annual funding for public-sector highway construction projects and includes spending authorizations, which represent the maximum financial obligation that will result from the immediate or future outlays of federal funds for highway and transit programs. The federal government s surface transportation programs are funded mostly through the receipts of highway user taxes placed in the Highway Trust Fund, which is divided into the Highway Account and the Mass Transit Account. Revenues credited to the Highway Trust Fund are primarily derived from a federal gas tax, a federal tax on certain other motor fuels and interest on the accounts accumulated balances. Of the currently imposed federal gas tax of 0.184 per gallon, which has been static since 1993, 0.15 is allocated to the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund. 
 Since most states are required to balance their budgets, reductions in revenues generally require a reduction in states expenditures. However, the impact of state revenue reductions on highway investment will vary depending on whether the monies come from dedicated revenue sources, such as highway user fees, or whether portions are paid for with general funds. 
 In addition to federal appropriations, each state typically funds its infrastructure investment from specifically allocated amounts collected from various user fees, typically gasoline taxes and vehicle fees. Over the past several years, states have assumed a significantly larger role in funding infrastructure investment, including initiating special-purpose taxes and raising gas taxes. Management believes that financing at the state and local levels, such as bond issuances, toll roads, vehicle miles traveled fees and tax initiatives, will continue to grow and have a fundamental role in advancing infrastructure projects. State infrastructure investment generally leads to increased growth opportunities for the Company. The level of state public-works spending is varied across the nation and dependent upon individual state economies, and the degree to which the Company could be affected by a reduction or slowdown in infrastructure spending varies by state. The state economies of the Building Materials business ten largest revenue-generating states may disproportionately affect the Company s financial performance. 
 Governmental appropriations and expenditures are typically less interest rate-sensitive than private-sector spending. Obligations of federal funds are a leading indicator of highway construction activity in the United States. Before a state or local department of transportation can solicit bids on an eligible construction project, it enters into an agreement with the Federal Highway Administration to obligate the federal government to pay its portion of the project cost. Federal obligations are subject to annual funding appropriations by Congress. 
 The need for surface transportation improvements continues to significantly outpace the amount of available funding. A large number of roads, highways and bridges built following the establishment of the Interstate Highway System in 1956 now require major repair or reconstruction. According to the latest information available from The Road Information Program (TRIP), a national transportation research group, vehicle travel on the nation's roads increased 26 from 2000 to 2019, while new lane road mileage increased only 9 over the same period. TRIP also reports that 40 of the nation s major roads are in poor or mediocre condition, while 7 of the nation s bridges are in poor/structurally deficient condition. Additionally, there is an estimated backlog of 123 billion of improvements to the nation s highway system that requires an increase in annual investment of 23 billion to 57 billion for the next 20 years to address these improvements and meet mobility and modernization needs. Management believes infrastructure activity for 2023 and beyond should benefit from the IIJ Act and additional state and local infrastructure initiatives. 
 In addition to highways and bridges, transportation infrastructure includes aviation, mass transit, and ports and waterways. Railroad construction continues to benefit from economic growth, which ultimately generates a need for additional maintenance and improvements. 
 Erratic weather can significantly impact operations 
 Production and shipment levels for the Building Materials business correlate with general construction activity, most of which occurs outdoors and, as a result, is affected by erratic weather, seasonal changes and other climate-related conditions. Typically, due to a general slowdown in construction activity during winter months, the first and fourth quarters experience lower production and shipment activity. As such, temperatures in the months of March and November can meaningfully affect 

Form 10-K Page 45 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 the Company s first- and fourth-quarter results, respectively, where warm and/or moderate temperatures in March and November allow the construction season to start earlier and end later, respectively. 
 Excessive rainfall jeopardizes production efficiencies, shipments and profitability in all markets served by the Company. In particular, the Company s operations in the southeastern and Gulf Coast regions of the United States and The Bahamas are at risk for hurricane activity from June 1 through November 1, but most notably in August, September and October. The Company s California operations are at risk for wildfire activity and water use restrictions in severe drought conditions. Increased intensity and frequency of extreme weather events have been linked to climate change, and further global warming may increase the risk of adverse weather conditions. 
 Capital investment decisions driven by capital intensity of the Building Materials business and focus on land 
 The Company s organic capital program is designed to leverage construction market growth through investment in both permanent and portable facilities at the Company s operations. Over an economic cycle, the Company typically invests organic capital at an annual level that approximates depreciation expense. At mid-cycle and through cyclical peaks, organic capital investment typically exceeds depreciation expense, as the Company supports current capacity needs and future growth. Conversely, at a cyclical trough, the Company may reduce levels of capital investment. Regardless of cycle, the Company sets a priority of investing capital to ensure safe, environmentally-sound and efficient operations, as well as to provide the highest quality of customer service and establish a foundation for future growth. 
 The Company is diligent in its focus on land opportunities, including potential new sites (greensites) and existing site expansion. Land purchases are usually opportunistic and can include contiguous property around existing quarry locations. Such property can serve as buffer property or additional mineral reserves, assuming regulatory hurdles can be cleared and the underlying geology supports economical aggregates mining. In either instance, the acquisition of additional property around an existing quarry typically allows the expansion of the quarry footprint and an extension of quarry life. 
 Magnesia Specialties Business 
 The Magnesia Specialties business manufactures magnesia-based chemicals products for industrial, agricultural and environmental applications at its Manistee, Michigan facility. The Magnesia Specialties business produces and sells dolomitic lime from its Woodville, Ohio facility. Of 2022 total Magnesia Specialties revenues, 72 was attributable to chemicals products, 27 was attributable to lime and 1 was attributable to stone. 
 
 In 2022, 74 of lime shipments was sold to third-party customers, while the remaining 26 was used internally as a raw material for the manufacturing of chemicals products. Dolomitic lime products sold to external customers are primarily used by the domestic steel industry and, overall, 31 of Magnesia Specialties 2022 total revenues was related to products used in the steel industry. Accordingly, a portion of the segment s revenues and profits is affected by production and inventory trends within the steel industry, which are guided by the rate of consumer consumption, the flow of offshore imports and other economic factors. Domestic steel production averaged 81 of capacity in 2021, but declined in 2022, averaging 75 . The 

Form 10-K Page 46 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 dolomitic lime business runs most profitably at 70 or greater steel capacity utilization. The chemical products business focuses on higher-margin specialty chemicals that can be produced at volumes that support efficient operations. 
 Total revenues of the Magnesia Specialties business were predominantly derived from domestic customers in 2022. Financial results can be affected by foreign currency exchange rates, increasing transportation costs or weak economic conditions in foreign markets. To mitigate the short-term effect of currency exchange rates, foreign transactions are denominated in United States dollars. 
 A significant portion of the Magnesia Specialties business costs is of a fixed or semi-fixed nature. The production process requires the use of natural gas, coal and petroleum coke; therefore, fluctuations in their pricing directly affect operating results. To help mitigate this risk, the Company has fixed-price agreements for approximately 39 of its 2023 energy needs for coal and natural gas. For 2022, the segment s average cost per MMBtu (1,000,000 British thermal units) of natural gas increased 47 versus 2021. Given high fixed costs, low capacity utilization can negatively affect the segment s results of operations. Management expects future organic profitability growth to result from increased pricing, rationalization of the current product portfolio and/or further cost reductions. 
 
 The Magnesia Specialties business is highly dependent on rail transportation, particularly for movement of dolomitic lime from Woodville to Manistee and direct customer shipments of dolomitic lime and magnesia chemicals products from both Woodville and Manistee. The segment can be affected by the risks mentioned in the long-haul distribution discussion in the Building Materials Business Key Considerations section. 
 Environmental Regulation and Litigation 
 The expansion and growth of the aggregates industry is subject to increasing challenges from environmental and political advocates aiming to control the pace and direction of future development. Certain environmental groups have published lists of targeted municipal areas, including areas within the Company s marketplace, for environmental and suburban growth control. The effect of these initiatives on the Company s growth is typically localized. Further challenges are expected as the momentum of these initiatives ebb and flow across the United States. Rail and other transportation alternatives are being heralded by these special-interest groups as solutions to mitigate road traffic congestion and overcrowding. 
 The Company s operations are subject to and affected by federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety and other regulatory matters. Certain of the Company s operations may occasionally use substances classified as toxic or hazardous. The Company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with these laws and regulations. Despite these compliance efforts, risk of environmental liability is inherent in the operation of the Company s businesses, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. 

Form 10-K Page 47 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for certain of the Company s operations; such permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. New permits are generally required for opening new sites or for expansion at existing operations and can take several years to obtain. Moreover, land use, rezoning and special or conditional use permits are increasingly difficult to obtain. Once a permit is issued, the location is required to generally operate in accordance with the approved site plan. 
 The Clean Air Act, originally passed in 1963 and periodically updated by amendments, is the United States national air pollution control program that granted the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) authority to set limits on the level of various air pollutants. To be in compliance with National Ambient Air Quality Standards, a defined geographic area must be below established limits for six pollutants. Environmental groups have been successful in lawsuits against the federal and certain state departments of transportation, delaying highway construction in municipal areas not in compliance with the Clean Air Act. The EPA designates geographic areas as nonattainment areas when the level of air pollutants exceeds the national standard. Nonattainment areas receive deadlines to reduce air pollutants by instituting various control strategies or otherwise face fines or control by the EPA. Included as nonattainment areas are several major metropolitan areas in the Company s markets, such as Houston/Brazoria/Galveston, Texas; Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas; Bexar County in San Antonio/New Braunfels, Texas; Denver, Colorado; Boulder, Colorado; Fort Collins/Greeley/Loveland, Colorado; Atlanta, Georgia; Baltimore, Maryland; Los Angeles-San Bernardino Counties, California; Los Angeles South Coast Basin, California; Phoenix/Mesa, Arizona; San Diego County, California; San Francisco Bay Area, California; San Joaquin Valley, California; and Sacramento County, California. Federal transportation funding has been directly tied to compliance with the Clean Air Act. 
 Large emitters (facilities that emit 25,000 metric tons or more per year) of greenhouse gases (GHG) must report GHG generation to comply with the EPA s Mandatory Greenhouse Gases Reporting Rule (GHG Rule). The Company files annual reports in accordance with the GHG Rule relating to operations at its three cement plants in Texas and California, as well as its Magnesia Specialties facilities in Woodville, Ohio, and Manistee, Michigan, each of which emit certain GHG, including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide. If Congress passes additional legislation limiting GHG emissions, these operations will likely be subject to such legislation. The Company believes that any increased operating costs or taxes related to GHG emission limitations at its cement or Woodville operations would be passed on to its customers. The Manistee facility may have to absorb extra costs due to the regulation of GHG emissions in order to maintain competitive pricing in its markets. The Company cannot reasonably predict how much those increased costs may be. 
 The Company is engaged in certain legal and administrative proceedings incidental to its normal business activities. In the opinion of management, based upon currently available facts, the likelihood is remote that the ultimate outcome of any litigation or other proceedings, including those pertaining to environmental matters, relating to the Company and its subsidiaries, will have a material adverse effect on the overall results of the Company s operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
 In 2022, the Company achieved its eleventh consecutive year of growth for consolidated products and services revenues, gross profit and Adjusted EBITDA. This section presents metrics for continuing operations. 
 Results of Operations 
 The discussion and analysis that follow reflect management s assessment of the financial condition and results of operations (MD A) of the Company and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements. As discussed in more detail, the Company s operating results are highly dependent upon activity within the construction marketplace, economic cycles within the public and private business sectors, and seasonal and other weather-related conditions. Accordingly, financial results for any year presented, or year-to-year comparisons of reported results, may not be indicative of future operating results. As permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under the FAST Act Modernization and Simplification of Regulation S-K, the Company has elected to omit the discussion of the earliest period (2020) presented as it was included in its MD A in its 2021 Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2022, incorporated by reference from Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations thereto. 
 The Company s Building Materials business generated the majority of consolidated total revenues and earnings from continuing operations. The following comparative analysis and discussion should be read within this context. Further, sensitivity analysis and certain other data are provided to enhance the reader s understanding of MD A and are not intended to be indicative of management s judgment of materiality. 

Form 10-K Page 48 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The Company s consolidated operating results and operating results as a percentage of total revenues are as follows: 

years ended December 31 (in millions, except for of total revenues) 
 
 2022 

of Total revenues 

2021 

of Total revenues 

Product and services revenues 

5,730.5 

5,084.7 

Freight revenues 

430.2 

329.3 

Total Revenues 

6,160.7 

100.0 

5,414.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenues - products and services 

4,304.6 

3,735.7 

Cost of revenues - freight 

432.8 

329.9 

Total cost of revenues 

4,737.4 

76.9 

4,065.6 

75.1 

Gross Profit 

1,423.3 

23.1 

1,348.4 

24.9 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

396.7 

6.4 

351.0 

6.5 

Acquisition and integration expenses 

9.1 

57.9 

Other operating income, net 

(189.2) 

(34.3) 

Earnings from Operations 

1,206.7 

19.6 

973.8 

18.0 

Interest expense 

169.0 

142.7 

Other nonoperating income, net 

(53.4) 

(24.4) 

Earnings from continuing operations before income tax expense 

1,091.1 

855.5 

Income tax expense 

234.8 

153.2 

Earnings from continuing operations 

856.3 

13.9 

702.3 

13.0 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense 

10.5 

0.5 

Consolidated net earnings 

866.8 

702.8 

Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 

0.3 

Net Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta 

866.8 

14.1 

702.5 

13.0 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 Earnings from continuing operations before interest; income taxes; depreciation, depletion and amortization; earnings/loss from nonconsolidated equity affiliates; acquisition and integration expenses; the impact of selling acquired inventory after its markup to fair value as part of acquisition accounting; and the nonrecurring gain on the divestiture of certain ready mixed concrete operations (Adjusted EBITDA) is an indicator used by the Company and investors to evaluate the Company s operating performance from period to period. Adjusted EBITDA is not defined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and, as such, should not be construed as an alternative to net earnings attributable to Martin Marietta, earnings from operations or operating cash flow. However, the Company s management believes that Adjusted EBITDA may provide additional information with respect to the Company s performance. Since Adjusted EBITDA excludes some, but not all, items that affect net earnings and may vary among companies, Adjusted EBITDA as presented by the Company may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 

Form 10-K Page 49 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta to consolidated Adjusted EBITDA: 

years ended December 31 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta 

856.3 

702.0 

Add back: 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

155.4 

142.4 

Income tax expense for controlling interests 

234.8 

153.1 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense and earnings/loss from nonconsolidated equity affiliates 

496.6 

442.5 

Acquisition and integration expenses 

9.1 

57.9 

Impact of selling acquired inventory after markup to fair value as part of acquisition accounting 

30.6 

Nonrecurring gain on divestiture 

(151.9) 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 

1,600.3 

1,528.5 

Form 10-K Page 50 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Mix-Adjusted Average Selling Price 
 Mix-adjusted average selling price (mix-adjusted ASP) is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the impacts of period-over-period product, geographic and other mix on the average selling price. Mix-adjusted ASP is calculated by comparing current-period shipments to like-for-like shipments in the comparable prior period. Management uses this metric to evaluate the realization of pricing increases and believes this information is useful to investors. The following reconciles reported average selling price to mix-adjusted ASP and corresponding variances: 

years ended December 31 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

East Group - Aggregates: 

Reported average selling price 

17.19 

15.56 

Adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix 

(0.19) 

Mix-adjusted ASP 

17.00 

Reported average selling price variance 

10.5 

Mix-adjusted ASP variance 

9.3 

West Group - Aggregates: 

Reported average selling price 

15.93 

14.25 

Adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix 

(0.06) 

Mix-adjusted ASP 

15.87 

Reported average selling price variance 

11.9 

Mix-adjusted ASP variance 

11.4 

Total Aggregates: 

Reported average selling price 

16.68 

15.08 

Adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix 

(0.09) 

Mix-adjusted ASP 

16.59 

Reported average selling price variance 

10.6 

Mix-adjusted ASP variance 

10.0 

Cement - Continuing Operations: 

Reported average selling price 

142.83 

122.14 

Adjustment for impact of product, geographic and other mix 

(0.51) 

Mix-adjusted ASP 

142.32 

Reported average selling price variance 

16.9 

Mix-adjusted ASP variance 

16.5 

Form 10-K Page 51 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Total Revenues 
 The following table presents revenues data for the Company and its reportable segments by product line: 

years ended December 31 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Building Materials business: 

Products and services 

East Group: 

Aggregates 

2,152.3 

2,011.0 

Asphalt 

192.3 

167.9 

Less: Interproduct revenues 

(20.5) 

(17.3) 

East Group Total 

2,324.1 

2,161.6 

West Group: 

Aggregates 

1,353.7 

1,047.5 

Cement 

602.3 

494.5 

Ready mixed concrete 

951.3 

1,145.8 

Asphalt and paving services 

583.1 

346.3 

Less: Interproduct revenues 

(362.0) 

(385.7) 

West Group Total 

3,128.4 

2,648.4 

Products and services 

5,452.5 

4,810.0 

Freight 

404.2 

305.3 

Total Building Materials business 

5,856.7 

5,115.3 

Magnesia Specialties: 

Products 

278.0 

274.7 

Freight 

26.0 

24.0 

Total Magnesia Specialties 

304.0 

298.7 

Total consolidated revenues 

6,160.7 

5,414.0 

Gross Profit 
 The following table presents gross profit and gross margin data for the Company by product line: 

2022 

2021 

years ended December 31 (dollars in millions) 
 
 Amount 
 
 of Revenues 

Amount 
 
 of Revenues 

Building Materials business: 

Aggregates 

980.3 

28.0 

904.8 

29.6 

Cement 

204.4 

33.9 

157.0 

31.8 

Ready mixed concrete 

69.6 

7.3 

95.6 

8.3 

Asphalt and paving services 

81.9 

10.6 

79.2 

15.4 

Products and services 

1,336.2 

24.5 

1,236.6 

25.7 

Freight 

2.0 
 
 NM 

3.3 
 
 NM 

Total Building Materials business 

1,338.2 

22.8 

1,239.9 

24.2 

Magnesia Specialties: 

Products and services 

95.5 

34.4 

110.4 

40.2 

Freight 

(4.6) 
 NM 

(3.9) 
 NM 

Total Magnesia Specialties 

90.9 

29.9 

106.5 

35.6 

Corporate 

(5.8) 
 NM 

2.0 
 
 NM 

Total consolidated gross profit 

1,423.3 

23.1 

1,348.4 

24.9 

The increase in Building Materials business gross profit in 2022 compared with 2021 was primarily attributable to pricing growth and the accretive impacts of acquisitions, which more than offset historically high cost inflation and the divestiture of the Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete operations on an absolute basis. The Building Materials business gross margin was negatively impacted by inflationary cost increases throughout the year. While pricing increases were implemented during 

Form 10-K Page 52 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 the year, the full benefits are achieved over time as existing contracts are replaced with new contracts with updated pricing. The decrease in gross profit in Magnesia Specialties was driven by lower demand from domestic steel industry customers for dolomitic lime products and higher energy and contract services costs. 
 Corporate gross profit includes intercompany royalty and rental revenue and expenses, depreciation and unallocated operational expenses excluded from the Company s evaluation of business segment performance. 
 Aggregates. The average selling price per ton for aggregates was 16.68 and 15.08 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Aggregates average selling price increases compared to the prior year are as follows: 

years ended December 31 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

East Group 
 
 10.5 
 
 1.6 

West Group 
 
 11.9 
 
 3.1 

Total aggregates operations 1 
 
 10.6 
 
 2.1 

1. Total aggregates operations include acquisitions from the date of acquisition and divestitures through the date of disposal. 

Aggregates pricing improved 10.6 , or 10.0 on a mix-adjusted basis, compared with 2021. The East Group reported an increase of 10.5 , or 9.3 on a mix-adjusted basis, and West Group pricing increased 11.9 , or 11.4 on a mix-adjusted basis, compared with 2021, reflecting multiple price actions implemented throughout the year. 
 The following presents aggregates shipments for each reportable segment of the Building Materials business: 

years ended December 31 

Tons (in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

East Group 

124.0 

128.5 

West Group 

83.7 

72.7 

Total aggregates operations 1 

207.7 

201.2 

1. Total aggregates operations include acquisitions from the date of acquisition and divestitures through the date of disposal. 

Aggregates shipments sold to external customers and internal tons used in other product lines are as follows: 
 . 

years ended December 31 

Tons (in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Tons to external customers 

192.3 

184.2 

Internal tons used in other product lines 

15.4 

17.0 

Aggregates tons 

207.7 

201.2 

Aggregates volume variance compared to the prior year by reportable segment is as follows: 

years ended December 31 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

East Group 
 
 (3.5 
 
 8.3 

West Group 
 
 15.2 
 
 7.2 

Total aggregates operations 1 
 
 3.3 
 
 7.9 

1. Total aggregates operations include acquisitions from the date of acquisition and divestitures through the date of disposal. 

Aggregates volume increased in 2022, benefiting from contributions from acquired operations and solid construction activity across all three primary end-use markets. 
 Cement, Ready Mixed Concrete, Asphalt and Paving Services. Average selling prices for cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt are as follows: 

years ended December 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cement per ton 

142.83 

122.14 

Ready mixed concrete per cubic yard 

128.15 

115.14 

Asphalt per ton 

61.77 

49.96 

Form 10-K Page 53 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Unit shipments for cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt are as follows: 

years ended December 31 (in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cement: 

Tons to external customers 

2.9 

2.5 

Internal tons used in ready mixed concrete 

1.3 

1.5 

Total cement tons 

4.2 

4.0 

Ready mixed concrete cubic yards 

7.4 

10.0 

Asphalt: 

Tons to external customers 

6.8 

5.1 

Internal tons used in paving operations 

2.3 

2.0 

Total asphalt tons 

9.1 

7.1 

Cement shipments increased 4.7 in 2022 versus prior year from continued strong demand and tight supply in North and South Texas. Cement pricing improved 16.9 , or 16.5 on a mix-adjusted basis, compared with the prior year, driven by the impact of multiple price increases during the year. Cement product gross margin expanded 210 basis points, as shipment and pricing growth more than offset higher energy, maintenance and raw materials costs. 
 Ready mixed concrete shipments decreased 25.4 , primarily reflecting the impact of divested operations, partially offset by the acquired Arizona operations and pricing increased 11.3 . In 2022, asphalt pricing increased 23.6 primarily attributable to price increases implemented throughout the year, following increases in raw material costs, while volumes improved 28.4 , driven by shipments from the acquired Lehigh West Region operations. 
 Magnesia Specialties. In 2022, Magnesia Specialties reported total revenues of 304.0 million, gross profit of 90.9 million and earnings from operations of 75.2 million, representing an increase of 1.8 , a decrease of 14.7 and a decrease of 17.1 , respectively, compared with 2021. The profitability decreases in 2022 were reflective of lower domestic steel production and demand for chemicals products, coupled with higher energy and maintenance costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A expenses for 2022 and 2021 were 6.4 and 6.5 of total revenues, respectively. The 45.7 million increase in total expense was primarily driven by a full year of expense for operations acquired in 2021. 
 Acquisition and Integration Expenses 
 The Company incurred 57.9 million of acquisition and integration expenses in 2021, primarily associated with the Tiller and Lehigh West Region acquisitions. 
 Other Operating Income, Net 
 Other operating income, net, is comprised generally of gains and losses on the sale of assets; recoveries and losses related to certain customer accounts receivable; rental, royalty and services income; accretion expense, depreciation expense and gains and losses related to asset retirement obligations. These net amounts represented income of 189.2 million in 2022 and 34.3 million in 2021. In 2022, other operating income, net, included a 151.9 million pretax gain on the divestiture of the Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete operations. For 2021, other operating income, net, included 21.6 million of nonrecurring gains on land sales and divested assets driven primarily by the sale of the Company s former corporate headquarters. 
 Earnings from Operations 
 Consolidated earnings from operations were 1.21 billion and 973.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Form 10-K Page 54 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 169.0 million in 2022 and 142.7 million in 2021. The increase reflected a full-year of interest on the 2.5 billion of publicly traded debt the Company issued in July 2021 to help finance acquisition activity. 
 Other Nonoperating Income, Net 
 Other nonoperating income, net, is comprised generally of interest income; foreign currency transaction gains and losses; pension and postretirement benefit cost (excluding service cost); net equity earnings from nonconsolidated investments and other miscellaneous income and expenses. Consolidated other nonoperating income, net, was 53.4 million in 2022 and 24.4 million in 2021. Other nonoperating income, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022 included a 12.0 million pretax gain related to the repurchase of the Company's debt, 8.2 million of third-party railroad track maintenance expense and a 13.3 million increase in interest income. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Variances in the estimated effective income tax rates, when compared with the statutory corporate income tax rate, are due primarily to the statutory depletion deduction for mineral reserves, the effect of state income taxes, stock compensation deductions, and the impact of foreign income or losses for which no tax expense or benefit is recognized. Additionally, certain acquisition-related expenses have limited deductibility for income tax purposes. 
 The permanent benefit associated with the statutory depletion deduction for mineral reserves is typically the significant driver of the estimated effective income tax rate. The statutory depletion deduction is calculated as a percentage of revenues subject to certain limitations. Due to these limitations, changes in sales volumes and pretax earnings may not proportionately affect the statutory depletion deduction and the corresponding impact on the effective income tax rate. However, the impact of the depletion deduction on the estimated effective tax rate is inversely affected by increases or decreases in pretax earnings. 
 The Company s estimated effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 21.5 and 17.9 , respectively. The higher 2022 effective income tax rate versus 2021 was primarily driven by the impact of the divestiture of the Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete businesses. 
 The effective income tax rate for 2022 and 2021 included a 10.3 million and 9.7 million discrete benefit from financing third-party railroad track maintenance, respectively. In exchange, the Company received a federal income tax credit and deduction. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 The Company classified its Tehachapi cement plant, related cement terminals and its California ready mixed concrete businesses acquired as part of Lehigh West Region as assets held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Additionally, the Redding cement plant, related cement terminals and 14 ready mixed concrete plants that were classified as discontinued operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 were sold in June 2022. The collective businesses generated earnings of 10.5 million and 0.5 million, respectively, net of expenses associated with the planned disposal, the impact of selling acquired inventory after its step up to fair value as part of acquisition accounting and income tax expense. 
 Net Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta and Earnings Per Diluted Share 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta were 856.3 million, or 13.70 per diluted share, for 2022 and 702.0 million, or 11.21 per diluted share, for 2021. 
 Liquidity and Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 Generally, the Company s primary source of liquidity is cash generated from operating activities. Operating cash flow is substantially derived from consolidated net earnings, before deducting depreciation, depletion and amortization, and offset by working capital requirements. Cash provided by operations was 991.2 million in 2022 and 1.14 billion in 2021. The primary drivers of the decrease in cash provided by operations in 2022 were increased cash taxes and changes in working capital. 

Form 10-K Page 55 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense are as follows: 

years ended December 31 (in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Depreciation 

394.6 

362.2 

Depletion 

59.8 

46.0 

Amortization 

45.0 

38.3 

Total 

499.4 

446.5 

Investing Activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 483.8 million in 2022 and 3.47 billion in 2021. The decrease reflected lower acquisition activity in 2022 compared with 3.11 billion used to consummate acquisitions during 2021. 
 Cash paid for property, plant and equipment additions was 481.8 million in 2022 and 423.1 million in 2021. 
 Pretax proceeds from divestitures and sales of assets were 687.1 million in 2022 and 42.8 million in 2021. 
 The Company invested 704.6 million in restricted investments to satisfy discharged debt and related interest (see Capital Structure and Resources section). 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 407.5 million in 2022 compared with net cash provided by financing activities of 2.29 billion in 2021. The 2021 cash provided reflected the issuance of 2.50 billion in publicly traded debt, primarily to finance acquisitions. 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased 67.7 million (par value) of its Senior Notes, resulting in a pretax gain of 12.0 million. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board of Directors approved total cash dividends on the Company s common stock of 2.54 per share and 2.36 per share, respectively. Total cash dividends paid were 159.1 million in 2022 and 147.8 million in 2021. 
 In 2022, the Company repurchased 0.4 million shares of its common stock for a total cost of 150.0 million, or 358.56 per share. 
 Capital Structure and Resources 
 Long-term debt, including current maturities of discharged debt, was 5.04 billion at December 31, 2022, and was in the form of publicly-issued long-term notes and debentures. 

Form 10-K Page 56 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 On September 29, 2022, the Company satisfied and discharged its 700 million of 0.650 Senior Notes due 2023 (the 0.650 Senior Notes), which were issued in July 2021. In connection with the satisfaction and discharge, the Company irrevocably deposited funds in an amount sufficient to satisfy all remaining principal and interest payments on the 0.650 Senior Notes with Regions Bank (the Trustee). The funds are invested in a fund that invests exclusively in U.S. Treasury securities and are classified as Restricted investments (to satisfy discharged debt and related interest) on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Holders of the 0.650 Senior Notes will receive payment of principal on the scheduled maturity date and payment of interest at the per annum rate (and on the dates) set forth in the 0.650 Senior Notes indenture. The Company utilized existing cash resources to fund the satisfaction and discharge. As a result of the satisfaction and discharge, the obligations of the Company under the indenture with respect to the 0.650 Senior Notes have been terminated, except those provisions of the indenture that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and discharge. The 0.650 Senior Notes remain on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and will continue to accrete to their par value over the period until maturity in July 2023. 
 In July 2021, the Company issued the 0.650 Senior Notes, 900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.400 Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2.400 Senior Notes) and 900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.200 Senior Notes due 2051 (the 3.200 Senior Notes). The Company used the net proceeds to pay the consideration for the acquisition of the Lehigh West Region business and for general corporate purposes. See Note C to the financial statements for more information on the Lehigh West Region acquisition, which was consummated on October 1, 2021. 
 The Company, through a wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary, has a 400.0 million trade receivable securitization facility (the Trade Receivable Facility). In September 2022, the Company extended the maturity of the Trade Receivable Facility to September 21, 2023. The Trade Receivable Facility is backed by eligible trade receivables, as defined. Borrowings are limited to the lesser of the facility limit or the borrowing base, as defined. These receivables are originated by the Company and then sold or contributed to the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. The Company continues to be responsible for the servicing and administration of the receivables purchased by the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. The Trade Receivable Facility contains a cross-default provision to the Company s other debt agreements. Subject to certain conditions, including lenders providing the requisite commitments, the Trade Receivable Facility may be increased to a borrowing base not to exceed 500 million. There were no outstanding borrowings on the Trade Receivable Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has an 800.0 million five-year senior unsecured revolving facility (the Revolving Facility), which matures in December 2027. There were no outstanding borrowings on the Revolving Facility as of December 31, 2022. The Revolving Facility requires the Company s ratio of consolidated net debt-to-consolidated EBITDA, as defined, for the trailing-twelve months (the Ratio) to not exceed 3.50x as of the end of any fiscal quarter, provided that the Company may exclude from the Ratio debt incurred in connection with certain acquisitions during the quarter or the three preceding quarters so long as the Ratio calculated without such exclusion does not exceed 4.00x. Additionally, if there are no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Facility and the Trade Receivable Facility, consolidated debt, including debt for which the Company is a guarantor, shall be reduced in an amount equal to the lesser of 500.0 million or the sum of the Company s unrestricted cash and temporary investments, for purposes of the covenant calculation. The Company was in compliance with the Ratio and other requirements under the Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022. 
 Total equity was 7.17 billion at December 31, 2022. At that date, the Company had an accumulated other comprehensive loss of 38.5 million, primarily resulting from unrecognized prior service cost and actuarial loss related to pension benefits. 
 Pursuant to authority granted by its Board of Directors, the Company can repurchase up to 20 million shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 13.1 million shares remaining under the repurchase authorization. Future share repurchases are at the discretion of management. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 358.0 million in unrestricted cash and short-term investments that are considered cash equivalents. The Company manages its cash and cash equivalents to ensure short-term operating cash needs are met and excess funds are managed efficiently. The Company funds shortages in operating cash through credit facilities. The Company utilizes excess cash to either pay down credit facility borrowings or invest in money market funds, money market demand deposit accounts or Eurodollar time deposit accounts. Money market demand deposits and Eurodollar time deposit accounts are exposed to bank solvency risk. Money market demand deposit accounts are FDIC insured up to 250,000. The Company s investments in bank funds generally exceed the FDIC insurance limit. 
 Cash on hand, along with the Company s projected internal cash flows and availability of financing resources, including its access to debt and equity capital markets, is expected to continue to be sufficient to provide the capital resources necessary to support anticipated operating needs, cover debt service requirements, meet capital expenditures and discretionary 

Form 10-K Page 57 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 investment needs, fund certain acquisition opportunities that may arise and allow for payment of dividends for the foreseeable future. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility are unsecured and may be used for general corporate purposes. The Company s ability to borrow or issue securities is dependent upon, among other things, prevailing economic, financial and market conditions. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 1.20 billion of unused borrowing capacity under its Revolving Facility and Trade Receivable Facility. 
 The Company may be required to obtain additional financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions or to refinance outstanding debt. Any strategic acquisition of size would likely require an appropriate balance of newly-issued equity with debt in order to maintain a composite investment-grade credit rating. The Company is exposed to credit markets through the interest cost related to borrowings under its Revolving Facility and Trade Receivable Facility. 
 Contractual and Off Balance Sheet Obligations 
 Postretirement medical benefits will be paid from the Company s assets. The obligation, if any, for retiree medical payments is subject to the terms of the plan. At December 31, 2022, the Company s recorded benefit obligation related to these benefits totaled 8.9 million. 
 The Company has other retirement benefits related to pension plans. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the qualified pension plans assets exceeded the projected benefit obligation by 295.3 million. The Company estimates that it will make contributions of 25.0 million to qualified pension plans in 2023. Any contributions beyond 2023 are currently undeterminable and will depend on the investment return on the related pension assets. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a total obligation of 85.8 million related to unfunded nonqualified pension plans and expects to make contributions of 11.5 million to these plans in 2023. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 3.8 million accrued for uncertain tax positions, including interest of 0.2 million. Such liabilities may become payable if the tax positions are not sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. 
 In connection with normal, ongoing operations, the Company enters into market-rate leases for property, plant and equipment and royalty commitments principally associated with leased land and mineral reserves. Additionally, the Company enters into equipment rentals to meet shorter-term, nonrecurring and intermittent needs. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 388.0 million in operating lease obligations and 199.9 million in finance lease obligations, representing the present value of future payments. The Company also had 8.6 million of lease obligations classified as held for sale. The imputed interest on operating and finance lease obligations was 177.3 million. Management anticipates that, in the ordinary course of business, the Company will enter into additional royalty agreements for land and mineral reserves during 2023. As permitted, short-term leases are excluded from ASC 842 requirements and future noncancelable obligations for these leases as of December 31, 2022 are immaterial. 
 As of December 31, 2022, future interest payable on the Company s publicly traded debt through the various maturity dates was 2.13 billion. The Company had obligations related to contracts of affreightment not accounted for as a lease and royalty agreements totaling 97.2 million and 156.3 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The Company had purchase commitments for property, plant and equipment of 130.4 million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, during 2022, the Company entered into a commitment for 691 railcars at an aggregate value of 75.8 million. The Company also had other purchase obligations related to energy and service contracts which totaled 198.1 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
 The Company has entered into standby letter of credit agreements relating to certain insurance claims, contract performance and permit requirements. At December 31, 2022, the Company had contingent liabilities guaranteeing its own performance under these outstanding letters of credit of 21.8 million. 
 In the normal course of business, at December 31, 2022, the Company was contingently liable for 678.5 million in surety bonds, which guarantee its own performance and are required by certain states and municipalities and their related agencies. The Company has indemnified the underwriting insurance companies against any exposure under the surety bonds. In the Company s past experience, no material claims have been made against these financial instruments. 
 The Company is a guarantor with an unconsolidated affiliate for a 15.0 million revolving line of credit agreement with Truist Bank that has a maturity date of March 2024, of which 2.6 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The affiliate has agreed to reimburse and indemnify the Company for any payments and expenses the Company may incur from this agreement. 

Form 10-K Page 58 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The Company holds a lien on the affiliate s membership interest in a joint venture as collateral for payment under the revolving line of credit. 
 Other Financial Information 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The Company s audited consolidated financial statements include certain critical estimates regarding the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. These estimates require management s subjective and complex judgments. Amounts reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements could differ materially if management used different assumptions in making these estimates, resulting in actual results differing from those estimates. Methodologies used and assumptions selected by management in making these estimates, as well as the related disclosures, have been reviewed by and discussed with the Company s Audit Committee. Management s determination of the critical nature of accounting estimates and judgments may change from time to time depending on facts and circumstances that management cannot currently predict. 
 Impairment Review of Goodwill 
 Goodwill is required to be tested annually for impairment. An interim review is performed between annual tests if facts and circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The Company performs its impairment evaluation as of October 1, which represents the annual evaluation date. The impairment review of goodwill is a critical accounting estimate because goodwill represented 24 (excluding goodwill allocated to assets held for sale) of the Company s total assets at December 31, 2022; the review requires management to apply judgment and make key assumptions; and an impairment charge could be material to the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain operating segments within the Building Materials business meet the aggregation criteria and are consolidated into reportable segments for financial reporting. The Company s reporting units, which represent the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment, are based on the operating segments of the Building Materials business. Goodwill is assigned to the respective reporting unit(s) based on the location of acquisitions at the time of consummation. If subsequent organizational changes result in operations being transferred to a different reporting unit, a proportionate amount of goodwill is transferred from the former to the new reporting unit. The Southwest Division is the most significant reporting unit and includes 1.8 billion of the Company s goodwill. There is also 1.1 billion of goodwill in the West Division reporting unit. There is no goodwill related to the Magnesia Specialties business. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value, which represents a Step-1 analysis. However, prior to Step 1, the Company may perform an optional qualitative assessment, or Step 0. As part of the qualitative assessment, the Company considers, among other things, the following events and circumstances: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance and other business or reporting unit-specific events. If the Company concludes it is more-likely-than-not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50 that a reporting unit s fair value is higher than its carrying value, the Company does not perform any further goodwill impairment testing for that reporting unit. Otherwise, it proceeds to Step 1 of its goodwill impairment analysis. If the reporting unit s fair value exceeds its carrying value, no further calculation is necessary. A reporting unit with a carrying value in excess of its fair value constitutes a Step-1 failure and results in an impairment charge. When the Company validates its conclusion by measuring fair value, it may resume performing a qualitative assessment for a reporting unit in any subsequent period. The Company may bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly with the quantitative calculation in Step 1. The Company performs a Step-1 analysis for all its reporting units every three years. 
 For the 2022 annual impairment evaluation, the Company performed a Step-1 analysis for all reporting units. The fair values were calculated using a discounted cash flow model. Key assumptions included management s estimates of changes in average selling price, shipment volumes and production costs as well as assumptions of future profitability, capital requirements, discount rates ranging from 10.0 to 10.25 and a terminal growth rate of 2.5 . The fair value of all reporting units exceeded the carrying value. For sensitivity purposes, a 100-basis-point increase in the discount rate, holding all other assumptions constant, would still result in all units passing the Step-1 analysis. 
 Future profitability and capital requirements are, by their nature, estimates. Price, cost and volume assumptions were based on various factors, including historical averages and current forecasts, external sources, and market conditions, while also considering any production capacity constraints. Capital requirements included maintenance-level needs and known efficiency- and capacity-increasing investments. 

Form 10-K Page 59 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 A discount rate is calculated for each reporting unit that requires a Step-1 analysis and represents its weighted average cost of capital. The calculation of the discount rate includes the following components, which are primarily based on published sources: equity risk premium, historical beta, risk-free interest rate, small-stock premium and borrowing rate. 
 The terminal growth rate was based on anticipated average GDP increases post-2023. 
 Management believes that all assumptions used were reasonable based on historical operating results and expected future trends. However, if future operating results are unfavorable as compared with forecasts, the results of future goodwill impairment evaluations could be negatively affected. Further, mineral reserves, which represent underlying assets producing the reporting units cash flows for the aggregates product line, are depleting assets by their nature. Any potential impairment charges from future evaluations represent a risk to the Company. 
 Pension Benefit Obligation and Pension Expense Selection of Assumptions 
 The Company sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that cover substantially all employees and a Supplemental Excess Retirement Plan (SERP) for certain retirees (see Note K to the consolidated financial statements). Annually, as of December 31, management remeasures the defined benefit pension plans projected benefit obligation based on the present value of the projected future benefit payments to all participants for services rendered to date, reflecting expected future pay increases through the participants expected retirement dates. A discount rate assumption is selected annually based on corporate bond rates as of the measurement date to calculate the present value of the projected benefit obligation. 
 Annual pension expense, referred to as net periodic benefit cost within the consolidated financial statements, (inclusive of SERP expense) consists of several components: 
 Service Cost, which represents the present value of benefits attributed to services rendered in the current year, measured by expected future salary levels to assumed retirement dates; 

Interest Cost, which represents one year s additional interest on the projected benefit obligation; 

Expected Return on Assets, which represents the expected investment return on pension plan assets; and 

Amortization of Prior Service Cost and Actuarial Gains and Losses, which represents components that are recognized over time rather than immediately. Prior service cost represents credit given to employees for years of service already accrued. At December 31, 2022, unrecognized prior service cost was 48.2 million. Management currently expects to amortize 5.9 million of the unrecognized prior service cost in 2023. Actuarial gains and losses arise from changes in assumptions regarding future events, a change in the benefit obligation resulting from experience different from assumed or when actual returns on pension assets differ from expected returns. At December 31, 2022, the unrecognized actuarial loss was 43.2 million. Pension accounting rules currently allow companies to amortize the portion of the unrecognized actuarial loss that represents more than 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or pension plan assets, using the average remaining service life for the amortization period. The calculation is performed on a plan-by-plan basis. Management currently expects to amortize 0.4 million of the unrecognized actuarial loss in 2023. 

The aforementioned components are calculated annually to determine the annual pension expense. 
 Management believes the selection of assumptions related to the annual pension expense and related projected benefit obligation is a critical accounting estimate due to the high degree of volatility in the expense and obligation dependent on selected assumptions. The key assumptions are as follows: 
 The discount rate is used to present value the projected benefit obligation and represents the current rate at which the projected benefit obligations could be effectively settled. 

The expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets is used to estimate future asset returns and should reflect the average rate of long-term earnings on assets invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. 

The mortality table and mortality improvement scale represent published statistics on the expected lives of people. 

The rate of increase in future compensation levels is used to project the pay-related pension benefit formula and should estimate actual future compensation levels. 

Management s selection of the discount rate is based on an analysis that estimates the current rate of return for high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities matching the payment of pension benefits that could be purchased to settle the 

Form 10-K Page 60 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 obligations. The Company selected a hypothetical portfolio of Moody s Aa bonds, with maturities that match the benefit obligations, to determine the discount rate. At December 31, 2022, the Company selected a discount rate assumption of 5.88 , a 265-basis-point increase compared with the December 31, 2021 assumption. Of the four key assumptions, the discount rate is generally the most volatile and sensitive estimate. Accordingly, a change in this assumption has the most significant impact on the annual pension expense and the projected benefit obligation. 
 Management s selection of the rate of increase in future compensation levels, which reflects cost of living adjustments and merit and promotion increases, is generally based on the Company s historical increases in pensionable earnings, while giving consideration to any future expectations. A higher rate of increase results in higher pension expense and a higher projected benefit obligation. The assumed long-term rate of increase is 4.50 . 
 Management s selection of the expected long-term rate of return on pension fund assets is based on a building-block approach, whereby the components are weighted based on the allocation of pension plan assets. Based on the currently projected returns on these assets and related expenses, the Company selected an expected return on assets of 6.75 , the same as the prior-year rate. The following table presents the expected return on pension assets as compared with the actual return on pension assets: 

(in millions) 
 
 Expected Return on Pension Assets 
 
 Actual Return on Pension Assets 

2022 
 
 77.3 
 
 171.4) 

2021 
 
 70.5 
 
 121.7 

The difference between the expected return and the actual return on pension assets is included in actuarial gains and losses, which are amortized into annual pension expense as previously described. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company estimated the remaining lives of participants in the pension plans using the Society of Actuaries Pri-2012 Base Mortality Table. The no-collar table was used for salaried participants and the blue-collar table was used for hourly participants, both adjusted to reflect the historical experience of the Company s participants. The Company selected the MP-2020 scale for mortality improvement at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Assumptions are selected on December 31 to calculate the succeeding year s expense. The assumptions selected at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Discount rate 
 
 5.88 

Rate of increase in future compensation levels 
 
 4.50 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 
 
 6.75 

Average remaining service period for participants 
 
 10.2 years 

Mortality Tables: 

Base Table 
 
 Pri-2012 

Mortality Improvement Scale 
 
 MP-2020 

Using these assumptions, pension benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 was 857.6 million and 2023 pension expense is expected to be approximately 16.6 million based on current demographics and structure of the plans. Changes in the underlying assumptions would have the following estimated impact on the obligation and expected expense: 
 A 25-basis-point change in the discount rate would have changed the December 31, 2022 pension benefit obligation by approximately 25.2 million. 

A 25-basis-point change in the discount rate would change the 2023 expected expense by approximately 0.9 million. 

A 25-basis-point change in the expected long-term rate of return on assets would change the 2023 expected expense by approximately 2.6 million. 

The Company made pension plan and SERP contributions of 90.2 million in 2022 and 482.6 million during the five-year period ended December 31, 2022. In total, the Company s pension plans are overfunded (fair value of plan assets exceeds the projected benefit obligation) by 209.5 million at December 31, 2022. The Company s projected benefit obligation was 857.6 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 277.8 million, or 24 , versus the prior year. This decrease was driven by an increased actuarial gain primarily attributable to a higher discount rate compared with the prior year. The Company expects to make pension plan and SERP contributions of 36.5 million in 2023, of which 25.0 million is voluntary. 

Form 10-K Page 61 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Estimated Effective Income Tax Rate 
 The Company uses the liability method to determine its provision for income taxes. Accordingly, the annual provision for income taxes reflects estimates of the current liability for income taxes, estimates of the tax effect of financial reporting versus tax basis differences using statutory income tax rates and management s judgment with respect to any valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and accruals for uncertain tax positions. The result is management s estimate of the annual effective tax rate (the ETR). 
 Income for tax purposes is determined through the application of the rules and regulations under the United States Internal Revenue Code and the statutes of various foreign, state and local tax jurisdictions in which the Company conducts business. Changes in the statutory tax rates and/or tax laws in these jurisdictions can have a material impact on the ETR. The effect of these changes, if material, is recognized when the change is enacted. 
 As prescribed by these tax regulations, as well as generally accepted accounting principles, the manner in which revenues and expenses are recognized for financial reporting and income tax purposes is not always the same. Therefore, these differences between the Company s pretax income for financial reporting purposes and the amount of taxable income for income tax purposes are treated as either temporary or permanent, depending on their nature. 
 Temporary differences reflect revenues or expenses that are recognized in financial reporting in one period and taxable income in a different period. An example of a temporary difference is the use of the straight-line method of depreciation of machinery and equipment for financial reporting purposes and the use of an accelerated method for income tax purposes. Temporary differences result from differences between the financial reporting basis and tax basis of assets or liabilities and give rise to deferred tax assets or liabilities (i.e., future tax deductions or future taxable income). Therefore, when temporary differences occur, they are offset by a corresponding change in a deferred tax account. As such, total income tax expense as reported in the Company s consolidated statements of earnings is not changed by temporary differences. 
 The Company has deferred tax liabilities, primarily for right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles, employee pension and postretirement benefits and partnerships and joint ventures. The deferred tax liabilities attributable to property, plant and equipment relate to accelerated depreciation and depletion methods used for income tax purposes as compared with the straight-line and units-of-production methods used for financial reporting purposes. These temporary differences will reverse over the remaining useful lives of the related assets. The deferred tax liabilities attributable to goodwill arise as a result of amortizing goodwill for income tax purposes but not for financial reporting purposes. This temporary difference reverses when goodwill is written off for financial reporting purposes, either through divestitures or an impairment charge. The timing of such events cannot be estimated. The deferred tax liabilities attributable to employee pension and postretirement benefits relate to deductions as plans are funded for income tax purposes compared with deductions for financial reporting purposes based on accounting standards. The reversal of these differences depends on the timing of the Company s contributions to the related benefit plans as compared to the annual expense for financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax liabilities attributable to partnerships and joint ventures relate to the difference between the tax basis of the investments in partnerships and joint ventures when compared to the basis for financial reporting purposes. The temporary difference reverses through differences recognized over the life of the investment or through divestiture. 
 The Company has deferred tax assets, primarily for inventories, unrecognized losses related to the funded status of the pension and postretirement benefit plans, lease liabilities, valuation reserves, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. The deferred tax assets attributable to inventories and valuation reserves relate to the deduction of estimated cost reserves and various period expenses for financial reporting purposes that are deductible in a later period for income tax purposes. The reversal of these differences depends on facts and circumstances, including the timing of deduction for income tax purposes for reserves previously established and the establishment of additional reserves for financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax assets attributable to unvested stock-based compensation awards relate to differences in the timing of deductibility for financial reporting purposes versus income tax purposes. For financial reporting purposes, the fair value of the awards is deducted ratably over the requisite service period. For income tax purposes, no deduction is allowed until the award is vested or no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture. The Company reflects all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in income tax expense as a discrete event in the period in which the award vests or settles, increasing volatility in the income tax rate from period to period. 
 Business Combinations Allocation of Purchase Price 
 The Company s Board of Directors and management regularly review strategic long-term plans, including potential investments in value-added acquisitions of related or similar businesses, which would increase the Company s market presence and/or are 

Form 10-K Page 62 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 related to the Company s existing markets. When an acquisition is completed, the Company s consolidated statements of earnings include the operating results of the acquired business starting from the date of acquisition, which is the date control is obtained. The purchase price is determined based on the fair value of assets and equity interests given to the seller and any future obligations to the seller as of the date of acquisition. The Company allocates the purchase price to the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as valued at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is recorded for the excess of the purchase price over the net of the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation is a critical accounting policy because the estimation of fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities is judgmental and requires various assumptions. Further, the amounts and useful lives assigned to depreciable and amortizable assets versus amounts assigned to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are not amortized, can significantly affect the results of operations in the period of and for periods subsequent to a business combination. 
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction, and, therefore, represents an exit price. Fair value measurement assumes the highest and best use of the asset by market participants, considering the use of the asset that is physically possible, legally permissible, and financially feasible at the measurement date. The Company assigns the highest level of fair value available to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the following options: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities 

Level 2 Observable inputs, other than quoted prices, for similar assets or liabilities in active markets 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs, used to value the asset or liability which includes the use of valuation models 

Level 1 fair values are used to value investments in publicly traded entities and assumed obligations for publicly traded long-term debt. 
 Level 2 fair values are typically used to value acquired receivables, inventories, machinery and equipment, land, buildings, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and accruals for payables, asset retirement obligations, environmental remediation and compliance obligations, and contingencies. Additionally, Level 2 fair values are typically used to value assumed contracts at other-than-market rates. 
 Level 3 fair values are used to value acquired mineral reserves and mineral interests produced and sold as final products, and separately-identifiable intangible assets. The fair values of mineral reserves and mineral interests are determined using an excess earnings approach, which requires significant judgment to estimate future cash flows, net of capital investments in the specific operation and contributory asset charges. The estimate of future cash flows is based on available historical information and future expectations and assumptions determined by management, but is inherently uncertain. Significant assumptions used to estimate future cash flows include changes in forecasted revenues based on sales price and shipment volumes as well as forecasted expenses inclusive of production costs and capital needs. The present value of the projected net cash flows represents the fair value assigned to mineral reserves and mineral interests. The discount rate is a significant assumption used in the valuation model and is based on the required rate of return that a hypothetical market participant would require if purchasing the acquired business, with an adjustment for the risk of these assets not generating the projected cash flows. 
 The Company values separately-identifiable acquired intangible assets which may include, but are not limited to, permits, customer relationships, water rights and noncompetition agreements. The fair values of these assets are typically determined by an excess earnings method, a replacement cost method or, in the case of water rights, a market approach. 
 The useful lives of amortizable intangible assets and the remaining useful lives for acquired machinery and equipment have a significant impact on earnings. The selected lives are based on the expected periods that the assets will provide value to the Company subsequent to the business combination. 
 The Company may adjust the amounts recognized for a business combination during a measurement period after the acquisition date. Any such adjustments are based on the Company obtaining additional information that existed at the acquisition date regarding the assets acquired or the liabilities assumed. Measurement-period adjustments are generally recorded as increases or decreases to the goodwill recognized in the transaction. The measurement period ends once the Company has obtained all necessary information that existed as of the acquisition date, but does not extend beyond one year from the date of acquisition. Any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed beyond the measurement period are recorded through earnings. 

Form 10-K Page 63 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Net property, plant and equipment (excluding the amount allocated to assets held for sale) represented 42 of total assets at December 31, 2022. Accordingly, accounting for these assets represents a critical accounting policy. Useful lives of the assets can vary depending on factors, including production levels, geographic location, portability and maintenance practices. Additionally, climate and inclement weather can reduce the useful life of an asset. Historically, the Company has not recognized significant losses on the disposal or retirement of fixed assets. 
 Aggregates mineral reserves and mineral interests are components within the plant, property and equipment balance on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company evaluates aggregates reserves, including those used in the cement manufacturing process, in several ways, depending on the geology at a particular location and whether the location is a greensite, an acquisition or an existing operation. Greensites require an extensive drilling program before any significant investment is made in terms of time, site development or efforts to obtain appropriate zoning and permitting (see Environmental Regulation and Litigation section). The depth of overburden and the quality and quantity of the aggregates reserves are significant factors in determining whether to pursue opening the site. Further, the estimated average selling price for products in a market is also a significant factor in concluding that reserves are economically mineable. If the Company s analysis based on these factors is satisfactory, the total aggregates reserves available are calculated and a determination is made whether to open the location. Reserve evaluation at existing locations is typically performed to evaluate purchasing adjoining properties, for quality control, calculating overburden volumes and for mine planning. Reserve evaluation of acquisitions may require a higher degree of sampling to locate any problem areas that may exist and to verify the total reserves. 
 Well-ordered subsurface sampling of the underlying deposit is basic to determining reserves at any location. This subsurface sampling usually involves one or more types of drilling, determined by the nature of the material to be sampled and the particular objective of the sampling. The Company s objectives are to ensure that the underlying deposit meets aggregates specifications and the total reserves on site are sufficient for mining and economically recoverable. Locations underlain with hard rock deposits, such as granite and limestone, are drilled using the diamond core method, which provides the most useful and accurate samples of the deposit. Selected core samples are tested for soundness, abrasion resistance and other physical properties relevant to the aggregates industry and depend on the aggregates use. The number and depth of the holes are determined by the size of the site and the complexity of the site-specific geology. Some geological factors that may affect the number and depth of holes include faults, folds, chemical irregularities, clay pockets, thickness of formations and weathering. A typical spacing of core holes on the area to be tested is one hole for every four acres, but wider spacing may be justified if the deposit is homogeneous. 
 Despite previous drilling and sampling, once accessed, the quality of reserves within a deposit can vary. Construction contracts, for the infrastructure market in particular, include specifications related to the aggregates material. If a flaw in the deposit is discovered, the aggregates material may not meet the required specifications. Although it is possible that the aggregates material can still be used for non-specification uses, this can have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to serve certain customers or on the Company s profitability. In addition, other issues can arise that limit the Company s ability to access reserves in a particular quarry, including geological occurrences, blasting practices and zoning issues. 
 Locations underlain with sand and gravel are typically drilled using the auger method, whereby a six-inch corkscrew brings up material from below the ground which is then sampled. Deposits in these locations are typically limited in thickness. Additionally, the quality and sand-to-gravel ratio of the deposit can vary both horizontally and vertically. Hole spacing at these locations is approximately one hole for every acre to ensure a representative sampling. 
 The geologist conducting the reserve evaluation makes the decision as to the number of holes and the spacing in accordance with standards and procedures established by the Company. Further, the anticipated heterogeneity of the deposit, based on U.S. geological maps, also dictates the number of holes drilled. 
 The generally accepted reserve categories for the aggregates industry and the designations the Company uses for reserve categories are summarized as follows: 
 Proven Reserves These reserves are designated using closely spaced drill data as described above and a determination by a professional geologist that the deposit is relatively homogeneous based on the drilling results and exploration data provided in U.S. geologic maps, the U.S. Department of Agriculture soil maps, aerial photographs and/or electromagnetic, seismic or other surveys conducted by independent geotechnical engineering firms. The proven reserves that are recorded reflect reductions incurred through quarrying that result from leaving ramps, safety benches, pillars (underground) and the fines (small particles) that will be generated during processing. Proven reserves 

Form 10-K Page 64 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 are further reduced by reserves that are under the plant and stockpile areas, as well as setbacks from neighboring property lines. The Company typically assumes a loss factor of 25 . However, the assumed loss factor at coastal operations is approximately 40 due to the nature of the material. The assumed loss factor for underground operations is 35 primarily due to pillars. 
 Probable Reserves These reserves are inferred utilizing fewer drill holes and/or assumptions about the economically recoverable reserves based on local geology or drill results from adjacent properties. 
 The Company s proven and probable reserves reflect reasonable economic and operating constraints as to maximum depth of overburden and stone excavation, and also include reserves at the Company s inactive and undeveloped sites, including some sites where permitting and zoning applications will not be filed until warranted by expected future growth. The Company has historically been successful in obtaining and maintaining appropriate zoning and permitting (see Environmental Regulation and Litigation section). 
 Mineral reserves and mineral interests, when acquired in connection with a business combination, are valued using an excess earnings approach for the life of the proven and probable reserves. 
 The Company uses proven and probable reserves as the denominator in its units-of-production calculation to record depletion expense for its mineral reserves and mineral interests. For 2022, depletion expense was 59.8 million. 
 The Company begins capitalizing quarry development costs at a point when reserves are determined to be proven or probable, economically mineable and when demand supports investment in the market. Capitalization of these costs ceases when production commences. Capitalized quarry development costs are classified as land improvements. 
 New mining areas may be developed at existing quarries in order to access additional reserves. When this occurs, management reviews the facts and circumstances of each situation in making a determination as to the appropriateness of capitalizing or expensing the related pre-production development costs. If the additional mining location operates in a separate and distinct area of a quarry, the costs are capitalized as quarry development costs and depreciated over the life of the uncovered reserves. Further, a separate asset retirement obligation is created for additional mining areas when the liability is incurred. Once a new mining area enters the production phase, all post-production stripping costs are expensed as incurred as periodic inventory production costs. 
 Forward-Looking Statements Safe Harbor Provisions Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 If you are interested in Martin Marietta stock, management recommends that, at a minimum, you read the Company s current annual report and Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) over the past year. The Company s recent proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders also contains important information. These and other materials that have been filed with the SEC are accessible through the Company s website at www.martinmarietta.com and are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . You may also write or call the Company s Corporate Secretary, who will provide copies of such reports. 
 Investors are cautioned that all statements in this Annual Report that relate to the future involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that the Company believes in good faith are reasonable but which may be materially different from actual results. These statements, which are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, provide the investor with the Company s expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. They may use words such as anticipate, may, expect, should, believe, project, intend, will, and other words of similar meaning in connection with future events or future operating or financial performance. In addition to the statements included in this report, we may from time to time make other oral or written forward-looking statements in other filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or in other public disclosures. Any or all of management s forward-looking statements here and in other publications may turn out to be wrong. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that may be materially different from actual results, and include, but are not limited to: 
 the ability of the Company to face challenges, including shipment declines resulting from economic events beyond the Company's control; 

Form 10-K Page 65 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 a widespread decline in aggregates pricing, including a decline in aggregates shipment volume negatively affecting aggregates price; 

the history of both cement and ready mixed concrete being subject to significant changes in supply, demand and price fluctuations; 

the termination, capping and/or reduction or suspension of the federal and/or state gasoline tax(es) or other revenue related to public construction; 

the level and timing of federal, state or local transportation or infrastructure or public projects funding, most particularly in Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Minnesota, California, Georgia, Arizona, Iowa, Florida and Indiana; 

the United States Congress inability to reach agreement among themselves or with the Administration on policy issues that impact the federal budget; 

the ability of states and/or other entities to finance approved projects either with tax revenues or alternative financing structures; 

levels of construction spending in the markets the Company serves; 

a reduction in defense spending and the subsequent impact on construction activity on or near military bases; 

a decline in energy-related construction activity resulting from a sustained period of low global oil prices or changes in oil production patterns or capital spending in response to this decline, particularly in Texas and West Virginia; 

increasing residential mortgage rates and other factors that could result in a slowdown in residential construction; 

unfavorable weather conditions, particularly Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean and Gulf of Mexico storm and hurricane activity, the late start to spring or the early onset of winter and the impact of a drought or excessive rainfall in the markets served by the Company, any of which can significantly affect production schedules, volumes, product and/or geographic mix and profitability; 

the volatility of fuel costs and energy, particularly diesel fuel, electricity, natural gas and the impact on the cost, or the availability generally, of other consumables, namely steel, explosives, tires and conveyor belts, and with respect to the Company s Magnesia Specialties business, natural gas; 

continued increases in the cost of other repair and supply parts; 

construction labor shortages and/or supply chain challenges; 

unexpected equipment failures, unscheduled maintenance, industrial accident or other prolonged and/or significant disruption to production facilities; 

the resiliency and potential declines of the Company's various construction end-use markets; 

the potential negative impacts of a global health crisis such as COVID-19 and its variants; 

increasing governmental regulation, including environmental laws and climate change regulations; 

transportation availability or a sustained reduction in capital investment by the railroads, notably the availability of railcars, locomotive power and the condition of rail infrastructure to move trains to supply the Company s Texas, Colorado, Florida, Carolinas and the Gulf Coast markets, including the movement of essential dolomitic lime for magnesia chemicals to the Company s plant in Manistee, Michigan and its customers; 

increased transportation costs, including increases from higher or fluctuating passed-through energy costs or fuel surcharges, and other costs to comply with tightening regulations, as well as higher volumes of rail and water shipments; 

availability of trucks and licensed drivers for transport of the Company s materials; 

availability and cost of construction equipment in the United States; 

weakening in the steel industry markets served by the Company s dolomitic lime products; 

trade disputes with one or more nations impacting the U.S. economy, including the impact of tariffs on the steel industry; 

unplanned changes in costs or realignment of customers that introduce volatility to earnings, including that of the Magnesia Specialties business that is running at capacity; 

proper functioning of information technology and automated operating systems to manage or support operations; 

Form 10-K Page 66 

Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 inflation and its effect on both production and interest costs; 

the concentration of customers in construction markets and the increased risk of potential losses on customer receivables; 

the impact of the level of demand in the Company s end-use markets, production levels and management of production costs on the operating leverage and therefore profitability of the Company; 

the possibility that the expected synergies from acquisitions will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period, including achieving anticipated profitability to maintain compliance with the Company s leverage ratio debt covenant; 

changes in tax laws, the interpretation of such laws and/or administrative practices, including acquisitions and divestitures, that would increase the Company s tax rate; 

violation of the Company s debt covenant if price and/or volumes return to previous levels of instability; 

downward pressure on the Company s common stock price and its impact on goodwill impairment evaluations; 

the possibility of a reduction of the Company s credit rating to non-investment grade; and 

other risk factors listed from time to time found in the Company s filings with the SEC. 

Further, increased highway construction funding pressures resulting from either federal or state issues can affect profitability. If these negatively affect transportation budgets more than in the past, construction spending could be reduced. Cement is subject to cyclical supply and demand and price fluctuations. 
 The Company s principal business serves customers in construction markets. This concentration could increase the risk of potential losses on customer receivables; however, payment bonds normally posted on public projects, together with lien rights on private projects, mitigate the risk of uncollectible receivables. The level of demand in the Company s end-use markets, production levels and the management of production costs will affect the operating leverage of the Building Materials business and, therefore, profitability. Production costs in the Building Materials business are also sensitive to energy and raw material prices, both directly and indirectly. Diesel fuel, coal and other consumables change production costs directly through consumption or indirectly by increased energy-related input costs, such as steel, explosives, tires and conveyor belts. Fluctuating diesel fuel pricing also affects transportation costs, primarily through fuel surcharges in the Company s long-haul distribution network. The Magnesia Specialties business is sensitive to changes in domestic steel capacity utilization as well as the absolute price and fluctuation in the cost of natural gas. 
 Transportation in the Company s long-haul network, particularly the supply of railcars and locomotive power and condition of rail infrastructure to move trains, affects the Company s efficient transportation of aggregates products in certain markets, most notably Texas, Colorado, Florida, North Carolina and the Gulf Coast. In addition, availability of railcars and locomotives affects the Company s movement of essential dolomitic lime for magnesia chemicals to both the Company s plant in Manistee, Michigan, and its customers. The availability of trucks, drivers and railcars to transport the Company s product, particularly in markets experiencing high growth and increased demand, is also a risk and pressures the associated costs. 
 All of the Company s businesses are also subject to weather-related risks that can significantly affect production schedules and profitability. The first and fourth quarters are most adversely affected by winter weather. Hurricane and cyclone activity in the Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean and Gulf Coast generally is most active during the second, third and fourth quarters. 
 Risks also include shipment declines resulting from economic events beyond the Company s control. 
 In addition to the foregoing, other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include but are not limited to those listed above in Item 1, Business Competition , Item 1A, Risk Factors , and Note A: Accounting Policies and Note O: Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements of the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 You should consider these forward-looking statements in light of risk factors discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and other filings made with the SEC. All of the Company s forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these factors. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company considers immaterial could affect the accuracy of its forward-looking statements, or adversely affect or be material to the Company. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of filing or publication and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. 

Form 10-K Page 67 

Part II Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As discussed earlier, the Company s operations are highly dependent upon the interest rate-sensitive construction and steelmaking industries. Consequently, these marketplaces could experience lower levels of economic activity in an environment of rising interest rates or escalating costs (see Business Environment section included under Item 7 MD A of this Form 10-K). 
 Management has considered the current economic environment and its potential impact to the Company s business. Demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, is affected by federal, state and local budget and deficit issues. Further, delays or cancellations of capital projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain affordable financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence is eroded by economic uncertainty. 
 Demand in the residential and nonresidential construction markets, which combined accounted for 60 of the Company's 2022 aggregates shipments, is affected by interest rates. During 2022, the Federal Reserve raised the target federal funds rate 425 basis points. 
 Aside from these inherent risks from within its operations, the Company s earnings are also affected by changes in short-term interest rates and changes in enacted tax laws. 
 Variable-Rate Borrowing Facilities 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had an 800.0 million Revolving Facility and a 400.0 million Trade Receivable Facility. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at a variable interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any outstanding variable-rate debt. However, any future borrowings under the credit facilities or outstanding variable-rate debt are exposed to interest rate risk. 
 Pension Expense 
 The Company s results of operations are affected by its pension expense. Assumptions that affect pension expense include the discount rate and, for the qualified defined benefit pension plan only, the expected long-term rate of return on assets. Therefore, the Company has interest rate risk associated with these factors. The impact of hypothetical changes in these assumptions on the Company s annual pension expense and accrued pension obligation is discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Pension Expense Selection of Assumptions section included under Item 7 MD A of this Form 10-K. 
 Income Tax 
 Any changes in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretation, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes, could materially impact the Company's effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Energy Costs 
 Energy costs, including diesel fuel, natural gas, electricity, coal, petroleum coke and liquid asphalt, represent significant production costs of the Company. The Company may be unable to pass along increases in the costs of energy to customers in the form of price increases for the Company s products. The cement product line and Magnesia Specialties business each have varying fixed-price agreements for a portion of their future energy requirements. A hypothetical 10 change in the Company s energy prices in 2023 as compared with 2022, assuming constant volumes, would change 2023 energy expense by 50.0 million. 
 Commodity Risk 
 Cement is a commodity and competition is based principally on price, which is highly sensitive to changes in supply and demand. Prices are often subject to material changes in response to relatively minor fluctuations in supply and demand, general economic conditions and other market conditions beyond the Company s control. Increases in the production capacity of industry participants or increases in cement imports tend to create an oversupply of such products leading to an imbalance between supply and demand, which can have a negative impact on product prices. There can be no assurance that product prices will not decline in the future or that such declines will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. A hypothetical 10 change in sales price of the cement product line would impact cement product line revenues by 60.2 million. 

Form 10-K Page 68 

Part II Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Cement is a key raw material in the production of ready mixed concrete. The Company may be unable to pass along increases in the costs of cement and raw materials to customers in the form of price increases for the Company s products. A hypothetical 10 change in cement costs in 2023 compared with 2022, assuming constant volumes, would change the ready mixed concrete product line cost of sales by 26.2 million. While increases in cement pricing may negatively impact the profitability of the ready mixed concrete operations, the cement business would benefit, although the positive impact may not reflect a direct correlation to the impact to the ready mixed concrete business. 

Form 10-K Page 69 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page 

Statement of Responsibility and Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 70 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 74 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 75 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 76 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 77 

Consolidated Statements of Total Equity for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 78 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 79 

Statement of Responsibility and Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Statement of Responsibility 
 The management of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the Company or Martin Marietta) is responsible for the consolidated financial statements, the related financial information contained in this Form 10-K and the establishment and maintenance of adequate internal control over financial reporting. The consolidated balance sheets for Martin Marietta, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, include amounts based on estimates and judgments and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applied on a consistent basis. 
 A system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance, in a cost-effective manner, that assets are safeguarded, transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with management s authorization, accountability for assets is maintained and financial statements are prepared and presented fairly in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control systems over financial reporting have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 The Company operates in an environment that establishes an appropriate system of internal control over financial reporting and ensures that the system is maintained, assessed and monitored on a periodic basis. This internal control system includes examinations by internal audit staff and oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 The Company s management recognizes its responsibility to foster a strong ethical climate. Management has issued written policy statements that document the Company s business code of ethics. The importance of ethical behavior is regularly communicated to all employees through the distribution of the Code of Ethical Business Conduct and through ongoing education and review programs designed to create a strong commitment to ethical business practices. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of four independent, nonemployee directors, meets periodically and separately with management, the independent auditors and the internal auditors to review the activities of each. The Audit 

Form 10-K Page 70 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Committee meets standards established by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the New York Stock Exchange as they relate to the composition and practices of audit committees. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Martin Marietta is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on management s assessment under the 2013 framework, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, whose report appears on the following pages. 

C. Howard Nye, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 James A. J. Nickolas , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

February 24, 2023 

Form 10-K Page 71 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Report of Independent Registe red Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive earnings, of total equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15(c) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Form 10-K Page 72 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - West Division Reporting Unit 
 As described in Notes A and D to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 3.6 billion as of December 31, 2022. The goodwill balance associated with the West Division reporting unit was 1.1 billion. The carrying values of goodwill are reviewed for impairment annually, as of October 1. An interim review is performed between annual tests if facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment. As disclosed by management, the goodwill impairment assessment requires management to apply judgment and make key assumptions. The fair value of the West Division reporting unit was calculated using a discounted cash flow model. Key assumptions included management s estimates of changes in average selling price, shipment volumes and production costs, as well as assumptions of future profitability, capital requirements, discount rate and terminal growth rate. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the West Division reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the West Division reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the discount rate and changes in average selling price, shipment volumes and production costs, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the West Division reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the model, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the discount rate and changes in average selling price, shipment volumes and production costs. Evaluating management s assumptions related to changes in average selling price, shipment volumes and production costs involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit, (ii) the consistency with external industry data, and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rate assumption. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

Form 10-K Page 73 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Financial Statements 

Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Earnings 

years ended December 31 (in millions, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Products and services revenues 

Freight revenues 

Total Revenues 

Cost of revenues - products and services 

Cost of revenues - freight 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross Profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Acquisition and integration expenses 

Other operating income, net 

() 

() 

() 

Earnings from Operations 

Interest expense 

Other nonoperating income, net 

() 

() 

() 

Earnings from continuing operations before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Earnings from continuing operations 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense 

Consolidated net earnings 

Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta 

Net Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta Per Common Share (see Note A) 

Basic from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders 

Basic from discontinued operations attributable to common shareholders 

Diluted from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders 

Diluted from discontinued operations attributable to common shareholders 

Weighted-Average Common Shares Outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

Form 10-K Page 74 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings 

years ended December 31 (in millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Consolidated Net Earnings 

Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax: 

Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans: 

Net gain (loss) arising during period, net of tax of , and ), respectively 

() 

Prior service cost arising during period, net of tax of ), and , respectively 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost (credit), net of tax of , and , respectively 

() 

Amortization of actuarial loss, net of tax of , and , respectively 

Amount recognized in net periodic pension cost due to settlement, net of tax of , and , respectively 

() 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

() 

() 

Consolidated comprehensive earnings 

Less: Comprehensive earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta 

The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

Form 10-K Page 75 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31 (in millions, except par value data) 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Restricted investments (to satisfy discharged debt and related interest) 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Current assets held for sale 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangibles, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Noncurrent assets held for sale 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued salaries, benefits and payroll taxes 

Accrued other taxes 

Accrued interest 

Current maturities of discharged long-term debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current liabilities held for sale 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities held for sale 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Equity: 

Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; shares outstanding) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Retained earnings 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

Form 10-K Page 76 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

years ended December 31 (in millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Consolidated net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Gains on divestitures, sales of assets and extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes, net 

() 

Other items, net 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

() 

Inventories, net 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Other assets and liabilities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

Proceeds from divestitures and sales of assets 

Purchase of restricted investments to discharge long-term debt 

() 

Investments in life insurance contracts, net 

() 

Other investing activities, net 

() 

() 

Net Cash Used for Investing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Borrowings of long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Debt issuance and extinguishment costs 

() 

() 

() 

Payments on finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Distributions to owners of noncontrolling interest 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash (Used for) Provided by Financing Activities 

() 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

() 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, end of year 

The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

Form 10-K Page 77 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Total Equity 

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 Shares of Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Retained Earnings 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Consolidated net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends declared per common share) 

() 

() 

() 

Issuances of common stock for stock award plans 

Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Consolidated net earnings 

Other comprehensive earnings 

Dividends declared per common share) 

() 

() 

() 

Issuances of common stock for stock award plans 

Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Distribution to owners of noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Consolidated net earnings 

Other comprehensive earnings 

Dividends declared per common share) 

() 

() 

() 

Issuances of common stock for stock award plans 

Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

Form 10-K Page 78 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 quarries, mines and distribution yards in states, Canada and The Bahamas. Martin Marietta also provides cement and downstream products and services, namely, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving, in vertically-integrated structured markets where the Company also has a leading aggregates position. Specifically, the Company has cement plants and several cement distribution facilities in Texas; ready mixed concrete plants in Arizona and Texas; and asphalt plants in Arizona, California, Colorado and Minnesota. Paving services are located in California and Colorado. In addition, the Company also has cement plant, related cement distribution terminals and ready mixed concrete operations in California that are classified as assets held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s heavy-side building materials are used in infrastructure, nonresidential and residential construction projects. Aggregates are also used in agricultural, utility and environmental applications and as railroad ballast. The aggregates, cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving product lines are reported collectively as the Building Materials business. As of December 31, 2022, the Building Materials business contains the following reportable segments: East Group and West Group. The East Group consists of the East and Central divisions and operates in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, Nova Scotia and The Bahamas. The West Group is comprised of the Southwest and West divisions and operates in Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. The following states accounted for of the Building Materials business 2022 total revenues: Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Minnesota and California. The Company also operates a Magnesia Specialties business, which produces magnesia-based chemical products used in industrial, agricultural and environmental applications, and dolomitic lime sold primarily to customers for steel production and soil stabilization. Magnesia Specialties production facilities are located in Ohio and Michigan, and products are shipped to customers domestically and worldwide. 

incurred to date as a percentage of total estimated project costs. The Company believes the cost-to-cost approach is appropriate, as the use of asphalt in a paving contract is relatively consistent with the performance of the related paving services. Paving contracts, notably with governmental entities, may contain performance bonuses based on quality specifications. Given the uncertainty of meeting the criteria until the performance obligation is completed, performance bonuses are recognized as revenues when and if achieved. Performance bonuses were not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. When the Company arranges third-party freight to deliver products to customers, the Company has elected the delivery to be a fulfillment activity rather than a separate performance obligation. Further, the Company acts as a principal in the delivery arrangements and, as required by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, the related revenues and costs are presented gross in the consolidated statements of earnings and are recognized consistently with the timing of the product revenues. 
 
 million and million, respectively, of restricted cash, which was invested in an account designated for the purchase of like-kind exchange replacement assets under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company is restricted from utilizing the cash for purposes other than the purchase of qualified assets for days from receipt of the proceeds from the sale of the exchanged property. Any unused cash at the end of the days is transferred to unrestricted accounts of the Company and used for general corporate purposes. The statements of cash flows reflect cash flow changes and balances for cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on an aggregated basis. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

million o f restricted investments, representing assets irrevocably transferred to an escrow trust account during 2022 to satisfy and discharge the Company's million of Senior Notes due (the 0.650 Senior Notes) (see Note H). The assets in the escrow trust account may not be used for any purpose other than to satisfy the remaining interest payments and to repay the principal amount of the 0.650 Senior Notes on the maturity date of July 15, 2023. The assets transferred to the escrow trust account are invested in a U.S. Treasury securities fund (see Note I) and investment returns on those trust assets are for the account of the Company (after satisfaction of all amounts payable in connection with the 0.650 Senior Notes). The Company consolidated the trust account on its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 
 
 period or an annual average for a period of up to s. The Company also establishes an allowance for parts over old and supplies over a year old. Post-production stripping costs, which represent costs of removing overburden and waste materials to access mineral deposits, are a component of inventory production costs and recognized as incurred. 
 to years 

Machinery Equipment 
 
 to years 

Land Improvements 
 
 to years 

The Company begins capitalizing quarry development costs at a point when reserves are determined to be proven or probable, economically mineable and when demand supports investment in the market. Capitalization of these costs ceases when production commences. Capitalized quarry development costs are classified as land improvements and depreciated over the life of the reserves. The Company reviews relevant facts and circumstances to determine whether to capitalize or expense pre-production stripping costs when additional pits are developed at an existing quarry. If the additional pit operates in a separate and distinct area of the quarry, these costs are capitalized as quarry development costs and depreciated over the life of the uncovered reserves. Additionally, a separate asset retirement obligation is created for additional pits when the liability is incurred. Once a pit enters the production phase, all post-production stripping costs are charged to inventory production costs as incurred. Mineral reserves and mineral interests acquired in connection with a business combination are valued using an income approach for the estimated life of the reserves. The Company s aggregates reserves average approximately 75 years based on the 2022 annual production level. Depreciation is computed based on estimated service lives using the straight-line method. Depletion of mineral reserves is calculated based on proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production method on a quarry-by-quarry basis. Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if expected future undiscounted cash flows over the estimated remaining service life of the related asset group are less than the asset group s carrying value. 
 
 In the consolidated statements of earnings, operating lease expense, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and the amortization of finance lease ROU assets are included in the Cost of revenues - products and services or Selling, general and administrative expenses line items in the consolidated statements of earnings . Accretion on the liabilities for finance leases is included in interest expense. 
 
 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or pension plan assets. 

likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The Company s unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets or as an offset to the deferred tax asset for tax carryforwards where available. The Company records interest accrued in relation to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. Penalties, if incurred, are recorded as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. 

() 

Other comprehensive earnings (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period 

() 

() 

() 

Cumulative noncurrent deferred tax assets at end of period 

2021 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive earnings before reclassifications, net of tax 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Other comprehensive earnings, net of tax 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period 

() 

() 

Cumulative noncurrent deferred tax assets at end of period 

2020 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) earnings before reclassifications, net of tax 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Other comprehensive (loss) earnings, net of tax 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period 

() 

() 

() 

Cumulative noncurrent deferred tax assets at end of period 

Amortization of: 

Prior service cost (credit) 

() 

Actuarial loss 

Other nonoperating income, net 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Income tax expense 

Total 

Less: distributed and undistributed earnings attributable to unvested participating securities 

Basic and diluted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders attributable to Martin Marietta 

Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive employee and director awards 

Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 

to . For product revenues and freight revenues, customer payment terms are generally days from invoice date. Customer payments for the paving operations are based on a contractual billing schedule and are due days from invoice date. Future revenues from unsatisfied performance obligations at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 wer e million, million and million, respectively, where the remaining periods to complete these obligations rang ed from to at December 31, 2022 and to at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Revenue by Category. Service revenues, which include paving operations located in California and Colorado, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Total 

2021 

East Group 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Total 

2020 

East Group 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Total 

Contract Balances. Costs in excess of billings relate to the conditional right to consideration for completed contractual performance and are contract assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Costs in excess of billings are reclassified to accounts receivable when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Billings in excess of costs relate to customers invoiced in advance of contractual performance and are contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Billings in excess of costs 

Revenues recognized from the beginning balance of contract liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million an d million, respectively. Retainage, which primarily relates to the paving services, represents amounts that have been billed to customers but payment withheld until final acceptance of the performance obligation by the customer. Included in Other current assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, retainage was million a nd million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

 million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total acquisition and integration expenses were million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and were primarily related to the acquisition of Lehigh Hanson, Inc.'s West Region business (Lehigh West Region). Lehigh West Region. In , the Company completed the acquisition of Lehigh West Region for billion. The acquisition was primarily financed using proceeds from the issuance of publicly traded debt. These operations provided an upstream, materials-led growth platform across several of the nation s largest and fastest-growing megaregions in California and Arizona, solidifying the Company s position as a leading coast-to-coast aggregates producer. The results from the acquired business are included in the Company s West Group. The Company determined the acquisition-date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Nota bly, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reduced the acquisition-date fair value of intangible assets, other than goodwill, by million; increased the acquisition-date fair value of asset retirement obligations and other liabilities assumed by million; and increased goodwill by million. As of December 31, 2022, t he measurement period is closed. 

Property, plant and equipment 1 

Intangible assets, other than goodwill 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Asset retirement obligations 

Operating and finance lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Total Consideration 

1. million. 

Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and reflects projected operating synergies from the transaction, including expected overhead savings. Amortization of the goodwill generated by the transaction is deductible for income tax purposes. The following unaudited pro forma financial information summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and Lehigh West Region as though the companies were combined as of January 1, 2020. Financial information for periods prior to the October 1, 2021 acquisition date included in the pro forma earnings does not reflect any cost savings or associated costs to achieve such savings from operating efficiencies or synergies that may result from the combination. Consistent with the assumed acquisition date of January 1, 2020, the pro forma financial results for the year ended December 31, 2020 include acquisition and integration expenses of million. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not purport to project the future financial position or operating results of the combined company. 

Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta 

Diluted net earnings from continuing operations per share 

The pro forma financial information excludes the acquired cement and California ready mix businesses, which were classified as assets held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Southern Crushed Concrete. In , the Company acquired the assets of Southern Crushed Concrete (SCC), a leading producer in the Houston area of recycled concrete, which is principally used as a base aggregates product in infrastructure, commercial and residential construction applications. The Company determined the acquisition-date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Notably, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reduced the acquisition-date fair value of intangible assets, other than goodwill, by million and increased goodwill by million. As of December 31, 2022, the measurement period is closed. Amortization of the goodwill generated by the transaction is deductible for income tax purposes. The results from the acquired business are reported in the Company s West Group and are immaterial for pro forma financial statement disclosures. Tiller Corporation. In , the Company completed the acquisition of Tiller Corporation (Tiller), a leading aggregates and hot mix asphalt supplier in the Minneapolis/St. Paul region, one of the largest and fastest-growing midwestern metropolitan areas. The Tiller acquisition complemented the Company s existing product offerings in the surrounding areas. The Company determined the acquisition-date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As of December 31, 2022, the measurement period is closed. Amortization of the goodwill generated by the transaction is deductible for income tax purposes. The results from the acquired business are reported in the Company s East Group and are immaterial for pro forma financial statement disclosures. Divestitures On August 9, 2022, the Company announced a definitive agreement to sell its Tehachapi, California cement plant and related distribution terminals for million in cash, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. These operations are classified as assets held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In June 2022, the Company completed the sale of the Redding, California cement plant, related cement distribution terminals and California ready mix operations for million in cash. In addition, on July 15, 2022, the Company sold its interest in a joint venture that operates a cement distribution terminal for million. These businesses were previously classified as assets held for sale. In April 2022, the Company divested its Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete operations to Smyrna Ready Mix Concrete LLC. This transaction optimized the Company's aggregates-led portfolio and improved its ability to generate more attractive margins over the long term by reducing both business cyclicality and exposure to raw material cost inflation. The transaction resulted in a pretax gain of million, which is included in Other operating income, net, on the Company's consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is inclusive of expenses incurred due to the divestiture. The divested operations and the gain on divestiture are all reported in the West Group. Discontinued Operations Discontinued operations are comprised of the cement and California ready mix businesses acquired as part of the Lehigh West Region transaction. Financial results for the Company's d 

Pretax earnings from operations 

Pretax loss on divestiture 

() 

() 

Pretax earnings 

Income tax expense 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense 

Total cash provided by operating and investing activities for discontinued operations was million in 2022, which included million of proceeds from divestitures and million of capital expenditures. Total cash used for operating and investing activities for 2021 was million. Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale Assets and liabilities held for sale at December 31, 2022 included a cement plant in Tehachapi, California; related cement distribution terminals; the California ready mixed concrete plants not sold as part of the aforementioned Redding transaction; and certain investment properties. At December 31, 2021, assets and liabilities held for sale also included the Redding, California cement plant, related cement distribution terminals and 14 California ready mix operations that were sold in June 2022. 

Investment land 

Other assets 

Total current assets held for sale 

Property, plant and equipment 

Intangible assets, excluding goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Valuation allowance for loss on sale 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total noncurrent assets held for sale 

Lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total current liabilities held for sale 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Asset retirement obligations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total noncurrent liabilities held for sale 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions 

Goodwill reclassified from assets held for sale 

Divestitures 

() 

() 

Measurement period adjustments 

Balance at end of period 

2021 

Balance at beginning of period 

Acquisitions 

Balance at end of period 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Operating permits 

() 

Use rights and other 

() 

Trade names 

() 

Total 

() 

2021 

Noncompetition agreements 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Operating permits 

() 

Use rights and other 

() 

Trade names 

() 

Total 

() 

Intangible assets subject to amortization decreased in 2022 due to measurement period adjustments to acquisition-date fair values and the divestiture of the Company's Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete businesses (see Note C) . 

Use rights 

Trade names 

Total 

2021 

Operating permits 

Use rights 

Trade names 

Total 

Total amortization expense for intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The intangible assets classified as held for sale are not being amortized. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Form 10-K Page 90 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Other current receivables 

Total accounts receivable 

Less: allowance for estimated credit losses 

() 

() 

Accounts receivable, net 

Of the total accounts receivable, net, balances, million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, were due from unconsolidated affiliates. 

Products in process 

Raw materials 

Supplies and expendable parts 

Total inventories 

Less: allowances 

() 

() 

Inventories, net 

Mineral reserves and interests 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense related to property, plant and equipment was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense includes amortization of right-of-use assets from finance leases. Interest of million , million and million was capitalized during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of the Building Materials business property, plant and equipment, net, were located in foreign countries, namely The Bahamas and Canada. 

Form 10-K Page 91 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Senior Notes, due (discharged) 

Senior Notes, due 

Debentures, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Other notes 

Total debt 

Less: current maturities 

() 

() 

Long-term debt 

On September 29, 2022, the Company satisfied and discharged the Senior Notes, which were issued in July 2021. In connection with the satisfaction and discharge, the Company irrevocably deposited funds with Regions Bank, as trustee under the indenture governing the Senior Notes, in an amount sufficient to satisfy all remaining principal and interest payments on the Senior Notes. Holders of the Senior Notes will receive payment of principal on the scheduled maturity date and payment of interest at the per annum rate (and on the dates) set forth in the Senior Notes indenture. The Company utilized existing cash resources to fund the satisfaction and discharge. As a result of the satisfaction and discharge, the obligations of the Company under the indenture with respect to the Senior Notes have been terminated, except those provisions of the indenture that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and discharge. Because the discharge did not represent a legal defeasance, the Senior Notes remain on the Company's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and will continue to accrete to their par value over the period until maturity in July 2023. Additionally, the related trust assets are included in Restricted investments (to satisfy discharged debt and related interest) on the Company's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. In July 2021, the Company issued the Senior Notes, million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the Senior Notes) and million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 3.200 Senior Notes). The Company used the net proceeds to pay the consideration for the acquisition of the Lehigh West Region business and for general corporate purposes. See Note C for more information on the Lehigh West Region acquisition. The Company s Senior Notes due , Debentures due , Senior Notes due , Senior Notes due , Senior Notes due , Senior Notes due , Senior Notes due , Senior Notes due and Senior Notes due (collectively, the Senior Notes) are senior unsecured obligations of the Company, ranking equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future unsubordinated indebtedness. The Senior Notes, with the exception of the Debentures due and the Senior Notes due , are redeemable prior to their respective par call dates, as defined, at a make-whole redemption price, and at a price equal to of the principal amount after their respective par call dates and prior to their respective maturity dates. The Senior Notes due are redeemable in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a make-whole redemption price. Upon a change-of-control repurchase event and a resulting below-investment-grade credit rating, the Company would be required to make an offer to repurchase all outstanding Senior Notes, with the exception of the Debentures due , at a price in cash equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company repurchased million (par value) of it Senior Notes. The Senior Notes, including the discharged Senior Notes, are carried net of original issue discount, which is being amortized by the effective interest method over the life of the issue. The principal amount, effective interest rate and maturity date for the Senior Notes, including the discharged Senior Notes, are as follows: 

4.250 Senior Notes 

7 Debentures 

3.450 Senior Notes 

3.500 Senior Notes 

2.500 Senior Notes 

2.400 Senior Notes 

6.25 Senior Notes 

4.250 Senior Notes 

3.200 Senior Notes 

The Company has a credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., PNC Bank, Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, and the lenders party thereto (the Credit Agreement), which provides for a million senior unsecured revolving facility (the Revolving Facility). Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at rates based upon the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or a base rate, plus, for each rate, a margin determined in accordance with a ratings-based pricing grid. There wer e borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . On December 22, 2022, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to replace the London InterBank Offered Rate (LIBOR) with SOFR as the interest rate benchmark and extend the maturity date to . Any outstanding principal amounts, together with interest accrued thereon, are due in full on that maturity date. Available borrowings under the Revolving Facility are reduced by any outstanding letters of credit issued by the Company under the Revolving Facility. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million o f outstanding letters of credit issued and million available for borrowing under the Revolving Facility. The Company paid the bank group an upfront loan commitment fee that is being amortized over the life of the Revolving Facility. The Revolving Facility includes an annual facility fee. The Credit Agreement requires the Company s ratio of consolidated net debt-to-consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization, as defined, for the trailing-twelve months (the Ratio) to not exceed x as of the end of any fiscal quarter, provided that the Company may exclude from the Ratio any debt incurred in connection with certain acquisitions during the quarter or three preceding quarters so long as the Ratio calculated without such exclusion does not exceed x. Additionally, if no amounts are outstanding un der the Revolving Facility or the Company's trade receivable securitization facility (discussed later), consolidated debt, as defined, which includes debt for which the Company is a guarantor (see Note O), shall be reduced in an amount equal to the lesser of million or the sum of the Company s unrestricted cash and temporary investments, for purposes of the covenant calculation. The Company was in compliance with the Ratio at December 31, 2022. The Company, through a wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary, has a million trade receivable securitization facility (the Trade Receivable Facility). On September 21, 2022, the Company extended the maturity to . The Trade Receivable Facility, with Truist Bank, Regions Bank, PNC Bank, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., New York Branch, and certain other lenders that may become a party to the facility from time to time, is backed by eligible trade receivables, as defined. Borrowings are limited to the lesser of the facility limit or the borrowing base, as defined. These receivables are originated by the Company and then sold or contributed to the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. The Company continues to be responsible for the servicing and administration of the receivables purchased by the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. Borrowings under the Trade Receivable Facility bear interest at a rate equal to asset-backed commercial paper costs of conduit lenders plus for borrowings funded by conduit lenders and Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Adjusted Term SOFR), as defined, plus , subject to change in the event that this rate no longer reflects the lender s cost of lending , for borrowings funded by all other lenders. The Trade Receivable Facility contains a cross-default provision to the Company s other debt agreements. Subject to certain conditions, including lenders providing the requisite commitments, the Trade Receivable Facility may be increased to a borrowing base not to exceed million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were borrowings outstanding under the Trade Receivable Facility. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Senior Notes and related interest payments. Investment returns on those trust assets are for the account of the Company if there are any after satisfaction of all amounts payable in connection with the Senior Notes. Accounts receivable are due from a large number of customers, primarily in the construction industry, and are dispersed across wide geographic and economic regions. However, accounts receivable are more heavily concentrated in certain states, namely Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Minnesota and California. The carrying values of accounts receivable approximate their fair values. Notes receivable are primarily promissory notes with customers and are not publicly traded. Management estimates that the carrying value of notes receivable approximates its fair value. Accounts payable represent amounts owed to suppliers and vendors. The estimated carrying value of accounts payable approximates its fair value due to the short-term nature of the payables. The carrying values and fair values of the Company s long-term debt were billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2021. The estimated fair value of the Company s publicly-registered long-term debt was estimated based on Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy using quoted market prices. The carrying values of other borrowings, which primarily represent variable-rate debt, approximate their fair value as the interest rates reset periodically. 

Form 10-K Page 94 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Deferred 

Total federal income taxes 

State income taxes: 

Current 

Deferred 

Total state income taxes 

Foreign income taxes: 

Current 

Deferred 

Total foreign income taxes 

Income tax expense 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there was a foreign pretax loss o f million, a nd earnings of million and million, respectively. 

(Reduction) increase resulting from: 

Effect of statutory depletion 

() 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Federal tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Other items 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

The higher 2022 effective tax rate versus 2021 and 2020 was primarily driven by the impact of the divestiture of the Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete businesses. 
 The statutory depletion deduction for all years is calculated as a percentage of sales, subject to certain limitations. Due to these limitations, the impact of changes in the sales volumes and earnings may not proportionately affect the Company s statutory depletion deduction and the corresponding impact on the effective income tax rate. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company financed third-party railroad track maintenance. In exchange, the Company received federal income tax credits and tax deductions. 

Valuation and other reserves 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Lease liabilities 

Other items, net 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities related to: 

Property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

() 

() 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Partnerships and joint ventures 

() 

() 

Employee benefits 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes, net 

() 

() 

The Company had million of domestic federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company had domestic state NOL carryforwards of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. These carryforwards have various expiration dates through . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred tax assets associated with these carryforwards we re million and million, respectively, net of the federal benefit of the state deduction, for which valuation allowances of million and million, respectively, were recorded. The Company also had domestic state tax credit carryforwards o f million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, which have various expiration dates through . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred tax assets associated with these carryforwards were million an d million, respectively, net of the federal benefit of the state deduction. The Company expects to reinvest the earnings from its wholly-owned Canadian and Bahamian subsidiaries indefinitely, and accordingly, has not provided deferred taxes on the subsidiaries undistributed net earnings or basis differences. The Company believes that the tax liability that would be incurred upon repatriation was immaterial at December 31, 2022 and 2021. million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

years ended December 31 (in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year 

Gross increases tax positions in prior years 

Gross decreases tax positions in prior years 

Gross increases tax positions in current year 

Gross decreases tax positions in current year 

() 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 

Amount that, if recognized, would favorably impact the effective tax rate 

Unrecognized tax benefits are reversed as a discrete event if an examination of applicable tax returns is not initiated by a federal or state tax authority within the statute of limitations or upon effective settlement with federal or state tax authorities. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , million was reversed into income upon the statute of limitations expiration for 2018. F or the year ended December 31, 2021, million was reversed into income upon the statute of limitations expiration for 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2020, million was reversed into income upon the statute of limitations expiration for 2016 and all prior open tax years. Management believes its accrual for unrecognized tax benefits is sufficient to cover uncertain tax positions reviewed during audits by taxing authorities. The Company anticipates that it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits may decrease up to million, excluding interest and correlative effects, during the twelve months ending December 31, 2023, due to the expiration of the statutes of limitations for the 2019 tax year. The Company s tax years subject to federal, state or foreign examinations are 2018 through 2022. 

 million. Defined Benefit Retirement Plans. Defined retirement benefits for salaried employees are based on each employee s years of service and average compensation for a specified period of time before retirement. Defined retirement benefits for hourly employees are generally stated amounts for specified periods of service. The Company sponsors a Supplemental Excess Retirement Plan (SERP) that generally provides for the payment of retirement benefits in excess of allowable Internal Revenue Code limits. The SERP generally provides for a lump-sum payment of vested benefits. When these benefit payments exceed the sum of the service and interest costs for the SERP during a year, the Company recognizes a pro rata portion of the SERP s unrecognized actuarial loss as settlement expense. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of: 

Prior service cost 

Actuarial loss 

Settlement charge 

Net periodic benefit cost 

The components of net periodic benefit cost, other than service cost, are included in the line item Other nonoperating income, net , in the consolidated statements of earnings. Based on the roles of the employees, service cost is included in Cost of revenues products and services or Selling , general and administrative expenses line items in the consolidated statements of earnings. The expected return on assets is calculated by applying an annually selected expected long-term rate of return assumption to the estimated fair value of the plan assets during the year, giving consideration to contributions and benefits paid.) 

() 

Prior service cost 

Amortization of: 

Prior service cost 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial loss 

() 

() 

() 

Settlement charge 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Actuarial loss 

Total 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

Gross benefits paid 

() 

() 

Plan amendments 

Net projected benefit obligation at end of year 

The actuarial gain in 2022 was primarily attributable to a higher discount rate compared with the prior year. 

Actual return on plan assets, net 

() 

Employer contributions 

Gross benefits paid 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Accrued benefit credit 

Current liability 

() 

() 

Noncurrent liability 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized at end of year 

The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was million and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Rate of increase in future compensation levels 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31 are: 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Discount rate 

Rate of increase in future compensation levels 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 

The expected long-term rate of return on assets is based on a building-block approach, whereby the components are weighted based on the allocation of pension plan assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company estimated the remaining lives of participants in the pension plans using the Pri-2012 Base tables. The no-collar table was used for salaried participants and the blue-collar table was used for hourly participants; both tables were adjusted to reflect the experience of the Company s participants. The Company used the MP-2020 mortality improvement scale for the years 2022 and 2021. Retirement plan assets are invested in listed stocks, bonds, real estate, private infrastructure and cash equivalents. 

Debt securities 

Real estate 

Private infrastructure 

Total 

The Company s investment strategy is for equity securities to be invested in mid-sized to large capitalization U.S. funds, and small capitalization, international and emerging growth funds. Debt securities, or fixed income investments, are invested in funds benchmarked to the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. 

Small cap, international and emerging growth funds 

Debt securities 1 : 

Core fixed income 

Real estate 

Private infrastructure 

Cash equivalents 

Total 

2021 

Equity securities 1 : 

Mid-sized to large cap 

Small cap, international and emerging growth funds 

Debt securities 1 : 

Core fixed income 

Real estate 

Private infrastructure 

Hedge funds 

Cash equivalents 

Total 

1. These investments are common collective investment trusts valued using the net asset value (NAV) unit price provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund. 

Real estate investments are stated at estimated fair value, which is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Real estate investments are valued at NAV based on the plan s proportionate shares of the real estate funds fair value as recorded by the trustees/general partner of the funds. The funds are real estate investment trust based funds that offer participation in an actively managed, primarily core portfolio of equity real estate. The funds allocate gains, losses and expenses to investors based on the ownership percentage to determine the NAV. Private infrastructure assets represent investments in a fund that is stated at fair value. For financial assets in the fund that are actively traded in organized financial markets, fair value is based on exchange-quoted market prices. For investments in a fund for which there is no quoted market price, fair value is determined by the trustees/general partner of the fund based on discounted expected future cash flows prepared by third-party professionals. The value of hedge funds is based on the values of the sub-fund investments. In determining the fair value of each sub-fund s investment, the hedge funds board of trustees uses the values provided by the sub-funds and any other considerations that may, in its judgment, increase or decrease such estimated value. In 2022 and 2021, the Company made combined pension plan and SERP contributions o f million and million, respectively. The Company currently estimates that it will contribute million to its pension plans in 2023. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Years 2028 -2032 

Postretirement Benefits . 

Amortization of: 

Prior service credit 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

() 

Total net periodic benefit credit 

() 

() 

() 

The components of net periodic benefit credit, other than service cost, are included in the line item Other nonoperating income, net, in the consolidated statements of earnings.) 

() 

Amortization of: 

Prior service credit 

Actuarial gain 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Interest cost 

Participants contributions 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

Gross benefits paid 

() 

() 

Net benefit obligation at end of year 

Employer contributions 

Participants contributions 

Gross benefits paid 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

() 

Accrued benefit cost 

() 

() 

() 

Noncurrent liability 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized at end of year 

() 

() 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net postretirement benefit credit for the years ended December 31 are: 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Discount rate 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company estimated the remaining lives of participants in the postretirement benefit plans using the Pri-2012 Base tables. The no-collar table was used for salaried participants and the blue-collar table was used for hourly participants; both tables were adjusted to reflect the experience of the Company s participants. The Company used the MP-2020 mortality improvement scale for the years 2022 and 2021. 

Rate to which the cost trend rate gradually declines 

Year the rate reaches the ultimate rate 

The Company estimates that it will contribute million to its postretirement health care plans in 2023. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Years 2028 -2032 

Defined Contribution Plan . The Company maintains a defined contribution plan that covers substantially all employees. This plan, qualified under Section of the Internal Revenue Code, is a retirement savings and investment plan for the Company s salaried and hourly employees . Under certain provisions of the plan, the Company matches employees eligible contributions at established rates. The Company s matching obligations were million in 2022 , million in 2021 and million in 2020 . 

 of their annual incentive compensation to acquire units representing shares of the Company s common stock at a discount to the market value on the date of the incentive compensation award. Participants receive unrestricted shares of common stock in an amount equal to their respective units generally at the end of a 34-month period of additional employment from the date of award or at retirement beginning at age 62. All rights of ownership of the common stock convey to the participants upon the issuance of their respective shares at the end of the ownership-vesting period. 

Awarded 

Distributed 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Adjustment for performance 

December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of service-based restricted stock awards granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of performance-based restricted stock awards granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of incentive compensation stock awards granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values for unvested restricted stock awards and unvested incentive compensation stock awards at December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively, and were based on the closing price of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022, which was . The aggregate intrinsic values of restricted stock awards distributed during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million , million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of incentive compensation stock awards distributed during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values for distributed awards were based on the closing prices of the Company s common stock on the dates of distribution. Prior to 2016, under the Plans, the Company granted options to employees to purchase its common stock at a price equal to the closing market value at the date of grant. Options become exercisable in four annual installments beginning one year after date of grant. Options granted starting in 2013 expire after the grant date, while outstanding options granted prior to 2013 expire after the grant date. 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic values of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively, and were based on the closing prices of the Company s common stock on the dates of exercise. The aggregate intrinsic values for options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 were million and were based on the closing price of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022, which was . At December 31, 2022, there were approximately million awards available for grant under the Plans. In 2016, the Company s shareholders approved the issuance of an additional million shares of common stock under the Plans. In 1996, the Company adopted the Shareholder Value Achievement Plan to award shares of the Company s common stock to key senior employees based on certain common stock performance criteria over a long-term period. Under the terms of this plan, million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance. Through December 31, 2022, shares have been issued under this plan. awards have been granted under this plan since 2000. The Company adopted and the shareholders approved the Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors in 1996, which provides nonemployee members of the Board of Directors the election to receive all or a portion of their total fees in the form of the Company s common stock. Beginning in 2016, members of the Board of Directors were not required to defer any of their fees in the form of the Company s common stock. Under the terms of this plan, million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance. Nonemployee members of the Board of Directors elected to defer portions of their fees representing , and shares of the Company s common stock under this plan during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2021 

2020 

Unrecognized compensation cost at December 31, 2022 

Weighted-average period over which unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized 
 
 years 

years 

Total tax benefits related to stock-based compensation expense were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Stock-based compensation expense is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of earnings. 

 to , s ome of which may include , and some of which may include r. Certain of the Company s lease agreements include payments based upon variable rates, including, but not limited to, hours used, tonnage processed and factors related to indices. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Variable lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

The Company has royalty agreements that are prescriptively excluded from the scope of ASC 842 and generally require royalty payments based on tons produced, tons sold or total sales dollars and also contain minimum payments. Royalty expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance leases: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Other current liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total finance lease liabilities 

The incremental borrowing rate ranged fro m to and to for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rates: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

() 

Present value of lease payments 

Less: leases classified as held for sale 

() 

() 

Less: current lease obligations 

() 

() 

Total long-term lease obligations 

Form 10-K Page 106 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 million shares of common stock, with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 , approximately million common shares were reserved for issuance under stock-based award plans. Pursuant to authority granted by its Board of Directors, the Company can repurchase up to million shares of common stock. During 2022 and 2020, the Company repurchased million and million shares of common stock, respectively. The Company made share repurchases during 2021. Future share repurchases are at the discretion of management. At December 31, 2022 , million shares of common stock were remaining under the Company s repurchase authorization. 

 million, million and million, respectively, and are included in Other operating income, net , in the consolidated statements of earnings. 

Accretion expense 

Liabilities incurred and liabilities assumed in business combinations 

Liabilities settled 

() 

() 

() 

Revisions in estimated cash flows 

() 

Liabilities reclassified from/(to) assets held for sale 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Other Environmental Matters . The Company s operations are subject to and affected by federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety, and other regulatory matters. Certain of the Company s operations may, from time to time, involve the use of substances that are classified as toxic or hazardous within the meaning of these laws and regulations. Environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for certain of the Company s operations, and such permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. The Company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with these laws and regulations. Despite these compliance efforts, risk of environmental remediation liability is inherent in the operation of the Company s businesses, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. The Company has no material provisions for environmental remediation liabilities and does not believe such liabilities will have a material adverse effect on the Company in the future. Insurance Reserves. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, reserves of million an d million, respectively, were recorded for insurance claims. Letters of Credit. In the normal course of business, the Company provides certain third parties with standby letter of credit agreements guaranteeing its payment for certain insurance claims, contract performance and permit requirements. At December 31, 2022, the Company was contingently liable for million in letters of credit. Surety Bonds. At December 31, 2022, the Company was contingently liable for million i n surety bonds required by certain states and municipalities and their related agencies. The bonds are provided in the normal course of business and are principally for certain insurance claims, construction contracts, reclamation obligations and mining permits guaranteeing the Company s own performance. The Company has indemnified the underwriting insurance company against any exposure under the surety bonds. In the Company s past experience, no material claims have been made against these financial instruments. Borrowing Arrangements with Affiliate. The Company is a guarantor with an unconsolidated affiliate for a million revolving line of credit agreement with Truist Bank that has a maturity date of , of which million w as outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The affiliate has agreed to reimburse and indemnify the Company for any payments and expenses the Company may incur from this agreement. The Company holds a lien on the affiliate s membership interest in a joint venture as collateral for payment under the revolving line of credit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a million interest-only note receivable outstanding from this unconsolidated affiliate. In January 2022, the parties extended the maturity date to . The interest rate is one-month LIBOR plus a current spread of . Purchase Commitments. The Company had purchase commitments for property, plant and equipment of million as of December 31, 2022. The Company also had other purchase obligations related to energy and service contracts o f million as of December 31, 2022 . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Capital expenditures in 2022, 2021 and 2020 that were purchase commitments as of the prior year end were million, million and million, respectively. In October 2022, the Company entered into a commitment for railcars at an aggregate value of million. Contracts of Affreightment and Royalty Commitments. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Employees. Approximately of the Company s employees are represented by a labor union. All such employees are hourly employees. The Company maintains collective bargaining agreements relating to the union employees within the Building Materials business and Magnesia Specialties segment. All of the hourly employees of the Magnesia Specialties segment, located in Manistee, Michigan, and Woodville, Ohio, are represented by labor unions. The Woodville collective bargaining agreement expires in . The Manistee collective bargaining agreement expires in . 

 divisions that represent individual operating segments. These operating segments are consolidated into reportable segments, the East Group and the West Group, for financial reporting purposes as they meet the aggregation criteria. The Magnesia Specialties business represents an individual operating and reportable segment. The accounting policies used for segment reporting are the same as those described in Note A. The Chief Operating Decision Maker s evaluation of performance and allocation of resources are based primarily on earnings from operations. Consolidated earnings from operations include total revenues less cost of revenues; selling, general and administrative expenses; acquisition and integration expenses; other operating income and expenses, net; and exclude interest expense; other nonoperating income and expenses, net; and income tax expense. Corporate loss from operations primarily includes depreciation; expenses for corporate administrative functions; acquisition and integration expenses; and other nonrecurring income and expenses not attributable to operations of the Company's other operating segments. All long-term debt and related interest expense are held at Corporate. Assets employed by segment include assets directly identified with those operations. Corporate assets consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash; property, plant and equipment for corporate operations; restricted investments; and other assets not directly identifiable with a reportable segment. 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Total 

years ended December 31 (in millions) Earnings (Loss) from operations 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

East Group 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

Earnings from operations for the West Group included a nonrecurring gain on divestiture of million in 2022 and nonrecurring gains on sales of investment land and divested assets of million in 2020. 

December 31 (in millions) Assets employed 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

East Group 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Corporate 

Total 

years ended December 31 (in millions) Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

East Group 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Corporate 

Total 

Total property additions, including the impact of acquisitions 

East Group 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Corporate 

Total 

Property additions through acquisitions 

East Group 

West Group 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties 

Corporate 

Total 

aggregates product line to the ready mixed concrete and asphalt and paving product lines and sales from the cement product line to the ready mixed concrete product line. Total revenues and gross profit (loss) reflect continuing operations only. 

years ended December 31 (in millions) Total revenues 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Building Materials business: 

Products and services: 

Aggregates 

Cement 

Ready mixed concrete 

Asphalt and paving 

Less: interproduct revenues 

() 

() 

() 

Products and services 

Freight 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties: 

Products and services 

Freight 

Total Magnesia Specialties 

Consolidated total revenues 

Gross profit (loss) 

Building Materials business: 

Products and services: 

Aggregates 

Cement 

Ready mixed concrete 

Asphalt and paving 

Products and services 

Freight 

Total Building Materials business 

Magnesia Specialties: 

Products and services 

Freight 

() 

() 

() 

Total Magnesia Specialties 

Corporate 

() 

Consolidated gross profit 

Foreign 

Consolidated total revenues 

Form 10-K Page 111 

Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Remeasurement of operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Remeasurement of finance lease right-of-use assets 

() 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases 

Operating cash flows used for finance leases 

Financing cash flows used for finance leases 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repaid million of loans related to its company-owned life insurance policies. The repayments are included in Investments in life insurance contracts, net, in the investing activities of the consolidated statement of cash flows. The repayment increased the cash surrender value of the insurance policies, which is included in Other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. In 2022, other operating income, net, included a million pretax gain on the divestiture of the Colorado and Central Texas ready mixed concrete operations. For 2021, other operating income, net, included million of nonrecurring gains on land sales and divested assets, including the Company s former corporate headquarters. Other operating income, net, for 2020 included million of nonrecurring gains on the sales of investment land and divested assets in Austin, Texas; Riverside, California; and Augusta, Kansas. 

 million pretax gain related to the repurchase of the Company's debt, million of third-party railroad track maintenance expense and a million increase in interest income compared with 2021 primarily related to the Company's restricted investments. For the year ended December 31, 2021, other nonoperating income, net, included million of third-party railroad track maintenance expense and reflected a million reduction in pension expense compared with 2020. Other nonoperating income, net, for the year ended December 31, 2020 included million of third-party railroad track maintenance expense. 

Form 10-K Page 112 

Part II Item 9 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 The foregoing evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures was based on the definition in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), which requires that disclosure controls and procedures are effectively designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management s report on internal control over financial reporting is included as the Statement of Financial Responsibility and Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data , of this Form 10-K. The Company s management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as of December 31, 2022. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s consolidated financial statements contained herein, also audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The audit report is included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 The Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company s control system will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Form 10-K Page 113 

Part II Item 9 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 CEO and CFO Certifications 
 Included among the exhibits to this Form 10-K are forms of Certifications of the Company s CEO and CFO as required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certification ). The Section 302 Certifications refer to this evaluation of the Company s disclosure policies and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 ITEM 9B OTHE R INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 

Form 10-K Page 114 

Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE O FFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information concerning directors of the Company, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee financial expert serving on the Audit Committee, all as required in response to this Item 10, is included under the captions Corporate Governance Matters in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Information concerning Section 16(a) reporting compliance is incorporated by reference to the information appearing under the caption Section 16(a) Reports in the 2023 Proxy Statement. Information concerning executive officers of the Company required in response to this Item 10 is included in Part I, under the heading Information about our Executive Officers , of this Form 10-K. The information concerning the Company s code of ethics required in response to this Item 10 is included in Part I, under the heading Available Information , of this Form 10 K. 
 ITEM 11 EXECUT IVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required in response to this Item 11 is included under the captions Executive Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Pay Versus Performance, Corporate Governance Matters, Management Development and Compensation Committee Report, and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required in response to this Item 12 is included under the captions General Information, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required in response to this Item 13 is included under the captions Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation Decisions and Corporate Governance Matters in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required in response to this Item 14 is included under the caption Independent Auditors in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 

Form 10-K 115 

Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) (1) List of financial statements filed as part of this Form 10-K 
 The consolidated financial statements of Martin Marietta and consolidated subsidiaries, and related notes, appear in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Form 10-K. 
 (2) List of financial statement schedules filed as part of this Form 10-K 
 The following financial statement schedule of Martin Marietta and consolidated subsidiaries is included in Item 15(c) of this Form 10-K. 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information has been otherwise supplied in the financial statements or notes to the financial statements. 
 The report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the above-referenced financial statements is included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Form 10-K. The consent of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is attached as Exhibit 23.01 to this Form 10-K. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The list of Exhibits on the accompanying Index of Exhibits included in Item 15(b) of this Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit is indicated by asterisks. 
 (b) Index of Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 

3.01 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed on February 24, 2017) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

3.02 
 Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 14, 2022) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

4.01 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration statement on Form S-1, filed on December 8, 1993 (SEC Registration No. 33-72648) (P) 

4.02 
 Article 5 of the Company s Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed on February 24, 2017) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

4.03 
 Article 1 of the Company s Restated Bylaws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 14, 2022) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

4.04 
 Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995 between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and First Union National Bank of North Carolina (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration statement on Form S-3 (SEC Registration No. 33-99082)) (P) 

4.05 
 Form of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 7 Debenture due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(i) to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration statement on Form S-3 (SEC Registration No. 33-99082)) (P) 

4.06 
 Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Truist Bank (as successor by merger to SunTrust Bank and formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company, 

Form 10-K 116 

Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit No. 

Inc.), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 30, 2007 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

4.07 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2007, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Truist Bank, as trustee, to that certain Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Truist Bank, as trustee, pursuant to which were issued 250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6 Senior Notes due 2037 of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 30, 2007 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

4.08 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of June 23, 2014 among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers named in Schedule 1 thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 24, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

4.09 
 Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2014, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

4.10 
 Form of 4.250 Senior Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.09) 

4.11 
 Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2017, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 22, 2017) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

4.12 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2017, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee, governing the Senior Notes issued by the Company on May 22, 2017, in the form of the 300 million aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2020 and 300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.450 Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 22, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

4.13 
 Form of 3.450 Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.12) 

4.14 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 20, 2017, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee, governing the Senior Notes issued by the Company on December 20, 2017, in the form of the 300 million aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2019, 500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.500 Senior Notes due 2027, and 600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250 Senior Notes due 2047 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

4.15 
 Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.14) 

4.16 
 Form of 4.250 Senior Notes due 2047 (included in Exhibit 4.14) 

4.17 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 16, 2020, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee, governing the Senior Notes issued by the Company on March 16, 2020, in the form of 500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.500 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 16, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

4.18 
 Form of 2.500 Senior Notes due 2030 (contained in Exhibit 4.17) 

4.19 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2021, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2021) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

4.20 
 Form of 0.650 Senior Notes due 2023 (contained in Exhibit 4.19) 

4.21 
 Form of 2.400 Senior Notes due 2031 (contained in Exhibit 4.19) 

4.22 
 Form of 3.200 Senior Notes due 2051 (contained in Exhibit 4.19) 

4.23 
 Description of the Company s Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

Form 10-K 117 

Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit No. 

10.01 
 800,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of December 2 1 , 2021 among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, PNC Bank, National Association, Truist Bank, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.02 
 Loan Modification No. 1 and Extension Agreement dated as of December 22, 2022, among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2022) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.03 
 Credit and Security Agreement dated as of April 19, 2013, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.04 
 Commitment Letter dated as of June 20, 2014 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2013 (as last amended April 18, 2014), among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.05 
 Second Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2014, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.06 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2014, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.07 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2016, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2016) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.08 
 Ninth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2018, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2018) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.09 
 Tenth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2018, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2018) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.10 
 Eleventh Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2019, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, as lender, together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, as 

Form 10-K 118 

Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit No. 

administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2019) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.11 
 Twelfth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2020, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, successor by merger to SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, successor by merger to Sun Trust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2020) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.12 
 Thirteenth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2021, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, successor by merger to SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, successor by merger to Sun Trust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2021) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.13 
 Fourteenth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2022, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and Truist Bank, successor by merger to SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and Truist Bank, successor by merger to Sun Trust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (including a conformed copy of the Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2022) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.14 
 Purchase and Contribution Agreement dated as of April 19, 2013, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as seller and as servicer, and Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.15 
 Form of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Employment Protection Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8 K, filed on August 19, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.16 
 Amended and Restated Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.17 
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.18 
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Incentive Stock Plan, as Amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.19 
 Martin Marietta Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan last amended and restated February 18, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.20 
 Martin Marietta Executive Cash Incentive Plan adopted February 18, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.21 
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended Omnibus Securities Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.22 
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Supplemental Excess Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

Form 10-K 119 

Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit No. 

10.23 
 Form of Option Award Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.24 
 Form of Amendment to the Stock Unit Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.25 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Directors under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.26 
 Form of Special Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.27 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.28 
 Offer Letter, dated as of June 9, 2017, by and between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and James A. J. Nickolas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.29 
 Form of First Amendment to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Employment Protection Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8 K, filed on December 18, 2018) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.30 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8 K, filed on December 18, 2018) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.31 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8 K, filed on December 18, 2018) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.32 
 Form of Directors Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

10.33 
 Martin Marietta Nonqualified Deferred Cash Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

10.34 
 Martin Marietta Nonqualified Deferred Cash Compensation Plan Adoption Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 

10.35 
 Offer Letter, dated as of January 11, 2019, by and between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Robert J. Cardin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 

21.01 
 List of subsidiaries of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 

23.01 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and consolidated subsidiaries 

Form 10-K 120 

Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit No. 

24.01 
 Powers of Attorney (included in this Form 10-K immediately following Signatures) 

31.01 
 Certification dated February 24, 2023 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, rule 13a 14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.02 
 Certification dated February 24, 2023 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, rule 13a 14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.01 
 Certification dated February 24, 2023 of Chief Executive Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.02 
 Certification dated February 24, 2023 of Chief Financial Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

95 
 Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit 

101 
 The following financial information formatted in Inline XBRL: 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101. DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

104 
 The cover page financial information formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 

Other material incorporated by reference: 
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, portions of which are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Those portions of the 2023 Proxy Statement which are not incorporated by reference shall not be deemed to be filed as part of this report. 
 	Filed herewith 
 	Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K 

Form 10-K 121 

Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedule 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 

Col A 
 
 Col B 

Col C 

Col D 

Col E 

Additions 

Description 
 
 Balance at beginning of period 

(1) Charged to costs and expenses 

(2) Charged to other accounts- describe 

Deductions- describe 

Balance at end of period 

(Amounts in Millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Allowance for estimated credit losses 

5.8 

5.2 

11.0 

Allowance for estimated credit losses on notes receivable 

0.1 

0.1 
 
 (a) 

Inventory valuation allowance 

214.3 

145.0 

2.2 
 
 (b) 

53.2 
 
 (c) 

308.3 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Allowance for estimated credit losses 

5.9 

0.1 
 
 (a) 

5.8 

Allowance for estimated credit losses on notes receivable 

0.4 

0.3 
 
 (a) 

0.1 

Inventory valuation allowance 

180.3 

65.2 

9.6 
 
 (b) 

40.8 
 
 (c) 

214.3 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Allowance for estimated credit losses 

4.7 

1.2 

5.9 

Allowance for estimated credit losses on notes receivable 

0.4 

0.4 

Inventory valuation allowance 

168.6 

51.3 

39.6 
 
 (c) 

180.3 

a. Change in estimates 

b. Application of reserve policy to acquired inventories/customer receivables 

c. Sale of reserved inventory and divestitures 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 The Company has chosen not to include an optional summary of the information required by this Form 10-K. For a reference to the information in this Form 10-K, investors should refer to the Table of Contents to this Form 10-K. 

Form 10-K 122 

Signatures 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Roselyn R. Bar 

Roselyn R. Bar 

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Dated: February 24, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below appoints Roselyn R. Bar as her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact, full power and authority to do and perform each in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Form 10-K 123 

Signatures 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ C. Howard Nye 
 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 
 February 24, 2023 

C. Howard Nye 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ James A. J. Nickolas 
 
 Senior Vice President 
 
 February 24, 2023 

James A. J. Nickolas 
 
 and Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Robert J. Cardin 
 
 Senior Vice President, 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Robert J. Cardin 
 
 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

/s/ Dorothy M. Ables 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Dorothy M. Ables 

/s/ Sue W. Cole 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Sue W. Cole 

/s/ Smith W. Davis 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Smith W. Davis 

/s/ Anthony R. Foxx 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Anthony R. Foxx 

/s/ John J. Koraleski 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

John J. Koraleski 

/s/ Laree E. Perez 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Laree E. Perez 

/s/ Thomas H. Pike 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Thomas H. Pike 

/s/ Michael J. Quillen 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Michael J. Quillen 

/s/ Donald W. Slager 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Donald W. Slager 

/s/ David C. Wajsgras 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David C. Wajsgras 

Form 10-K 124 

<EX-21>
 2
 mlm-ex21_01.htm
 EX-21.01

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21.01 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Percent 

Name of Subsidiary 
 Owned 

Alamo Gulf Coast Railroad Company, a Texas corporation 
 99.5 1 

Alamo North Texas Railroad Company, a Texas corporation 
 99.5 2 

American Aggregates Corporation, a North Carolina corporation 
 100 

American Materials Technologies, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company 
 100 3 

American Stone Company, a North Carolina corporation 
 50 4 

Bahama Rock Limited, a Bahamas corporation 
 100 

Bluegrass Blue Mount, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 5 

Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 6 

Bluegrass-St. Marys, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 7 

Brookhollow Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
 100 8 

Campbell s C-Ment Contracting, Inc., a Colorado corporation 
 100 9 

CIG MC LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 
 100 

Creole Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
 100 10 

FRI Ready Mix of Tennessee, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 100 11 

1 Alamo Gulf Coast Railroad Company is owned by Martin Marietta Materials Southwest, LLC, (99.5 and certain individuals (0.5 ). 
 2 Alamo North Texas Railroad Company is owned by Martin Marietta Materials Southwest, LLC, (99.5 and certain individuals (0.5 ). 
 3 American Materials Technologies, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Meridian Aggregates Company, a Limited Partnership. 
 4 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. owns a 50 interest in American Stone Company. 
 5 Bluegrass Blue Mount, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC. 
 6 Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Panadero Midco, LLC. 
 7 Bluegrass-St. Marys, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC. 
 8 Brookhollow Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southwest Ready-Mix, Inc. 
 9 Campbell s C-Ment Contracting, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Suburban Acquisition Company. 
 10 Creole Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southwest Ready-Mix, Inc. 
 11 FRI Ready Mix of Tennessee, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of American Materials Technologies, LLC. 

Front Range Aggregates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 

Granite Canyon Quarry, a Wyoming joint venture 
 100 12 

Harding Street Corporation, a North Carolina corporation 
 100 

HSMM LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 

Kent Sand Gravel Company, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 13 

Mardell Trucking Company, Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 14 

Martin Marietta Arizona, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 15 

Martin Marietta Bluegrass, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 16 

Martin Marietta California A P, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 17 

Martin Marietta California Ready-Mix, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 18 

Martin Marietta Composites, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 100 

Martin Marietta Fleet Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 19 

Martin Marietta Funding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 

Martin Marietta Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 

Martin Marietta Kansas City, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 20 

Martin Marietta Magnesia Specialties, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 

Martin Marietta Marine Finance, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 100 21 

12 Granite Canyon Quarry is owned 51 by Meridian Granite Company and 49 by Martin Marietta Materials Real Estate Investments, Inc. 
 13 Kent Sand Gravel Company, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC. 
 14 Mardell Trucking Company, Inc. is owned 50 by Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC and 50 by Petrillo Brothers, Inc. 
 15 Martin Marietta Arizona, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials West Division, LLC. 
 16 Martin Marietta Bluegrass, LLC is owned 61.62 by Panadero Corp. and 38.38 by Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
 17 Martin Marietta California A P, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials West Division, LLC. 
 18 Martin Marietta California Ready-Mix, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southern California Cement, LLC 
 19 Martin Marietta Fleet Management LLC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Texas Ready-Mix, LLC 
 20 Martin Marietta Kansas City, LLC is owned 95 by Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and 5 by Martin Marietta Materials of Missouri, Inc. 
 21 Martin Marietta Marine Finance, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Northern California Aggregates, LLC. 

Martin Marietta Marine Operations, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 100 22 

Martin Marietta Materials Canada Limited, a Nova Scotia, Canada corporation 
 100 

Martin Marietta Materials of Missouri, Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 

Martin Marietta Materials Real Estate Investments, Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 

Martin Marietta Materials Southwest, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 

Martin Marietta Materials West Division, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 

Martin Marietta Northern California Aggregates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 23 

Martin Marietta North Texas Cement, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 

Martin Marietta Pacific District Cement LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 24 

Martin Marietta San Diego Aggregates LLC, a California limited liability company 
 100 25 

Martin Marietta Southern California Aggregates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 26 

Martin Marietta Southern California Cement, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 27 

Martin Marietta South Texas Cement, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 

Martin Marietta Texas Ready-Mix, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 
 100 28 

Martin Marietta Stockton, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 29 

Martin Marietta Southwest Ready-Mix, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 100 

Martin Marietta Transportation and Distribution, LLC 
 100 

22 Martin Marietta Marine Operations, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Northern California Aggregates, LLC. 
 23 Martin Marietta Northern California Aggregates, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southern California Aggregates, LLC. 
 24 Martin Marietta Pacific District Cement LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of MMMW CMT, LLC. 
 25 Martin Marietta San Diego Aggregates LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southern California Aggregates, LLC. 
 26 Martin Marietta Southern California Aggregates, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of MMMW AGG, LLC. 
 27 Martin Marietta Southern California Cement, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Pacific District Cement LLC. 
 28 Martin Marietta Texas Ready-Mix, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southwest Ready-Mix, Inc. 
 29 Martin Marietta Stockton, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southern California Cement, LLC 

Material Producers, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation 
 100 30 

Maryland Materials, Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 31 

Meridian Aggregates Company, a Limited Partnership, a North Carolina limited partnership 
 100 32 

Meridian Aggregates Company Northwest, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 

Meridian Aggregates Investments, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 33 

Meridian Granite Company, a North Carolina corporation 
 100 34 

Mid-State Construction Materials, Inc., an Arkansas corporation 
 100 

Mission Valley Rock Co., LLC, a California limited liability company 
 100 35 

MMM Mexico I, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 36 

MMM Mexico, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 37 

MMMW AGG, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 38 

MMMW CMT, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 39 

MTD Pipeline LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 50 40 

North East Land and Material Company, Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 41 

Panadero Corp., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 

Panadero Midco, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 42 

30 Material Producers, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials Southwest, LLC. 
 31 Maryland Materials, Inc. is owned 50 by Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC and 50 by Petrillo Brothers, Inc. 
 32 Meridian Aggregates Company, a Limited Partnership, is owned 98 by Meridian Aggregates Investments, LLC. The remaining 2 is owned by Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
 33 Meridian Aggregates Investments, LLC is owned 99 by Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and 1 by Martin Marietta Materials Real Estate Investments, Inc. 
 34 Meridian Granite Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Meridian Aggregates Company, a Limited Partnership. 
 35 Mission Valley Rock Co., LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Northern California Aggregates, LLC. 
 36 MMM Mexico I, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials West Division, LLC. 
 37 MMM Mexico, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials West Division, LLC. 
 38 MMMW AGG, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials West Division, LLC. 
 39 MMMW CMT, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials West Division, LLC. 
 40 Martin Marietta Magnesia Specialties, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., owns a 50 interest in MTD Pipeline LLC. 
 41 North East Land and Material Company, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Maryland Materials, Inc. 
 42 Panadero Midco, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Bluegrass, LLC. 

PCAz Leasing, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company 
 100 43 

Petrillo Brothers, Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 44 

Piedras y Arenas Baja, S. de R.L. de C.V., a Mexican limited liability company 
 100 45 

Powderly Transportation, Inc., a North Carolina corporation 
 100 46 

R S Sand Gravel, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 47 

Riverside Cement Company, a California partnership 
 100 48 

Rock Rail LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 
 100 

Rocky Mountain Materials and Asphalt, Inc., a Colorado corporation 
 100 

Rocky Mountain Premix, Inc., a Colorado corporation 
 100 

Rocky Mountain Ready Mix Concrete, Inc., a Colorado corporation 
 100 49 

Royal Gorge Express, LLC, a Colorado Limited Liability Company 
 50 50 

St. Marys Sand Company, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 100 51 

Suburban Acquisition Company, a Colorado corporation 
 100 

Theodore Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 60.7 52 

Tiller Corporation, a North Carolina corporation 
 100 

Two Rivers Cement LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 50 53 

TXI Aviation, Inc. dba TXI Retail, a Texas corporation 
 100 54 

43 PCAz Leasing, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Arizona, LLC. 
 44 Petrillo Brothers, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bluegrass Materials Company, LLC. 
 45 Piedras y Arenas Baja, S. De R.L. de C.V. is owned 99.9999 by MMM Mexico, LLC and 0.0001 by MMM Mexico I, LLC. 
 46 Powderly Transportation, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Meridian Aggregates Company, a Limited Partnership. 
 47 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. is the manager of and owns a 90 interest in R S Sand Gravel, LLC. The other 10 is owned by Harding Street Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
 48 Riverside Cement Company is owned 49 by TXI California, LLC. and 51 by TXI Riverside LLC 
 49 Rocky Mountain Ready Mix Concrete, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell s C-Ment Contracting, Inc. 
 50 Rock Rail LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., owns a 50 interest in Royal Gorge Express, LLC 
 51 St. Marys Sand Company, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bluegrass-St. Marys, LLC. 
 52 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. is the manager of and owns a 60.7 interest in Theodore Holdings, LLC. 
 53 MMMW CMT, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., owns a 50 ownership interest in Two Rivers Cement LLC. 
 54 TXI Aviation, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southwest Ready-Mix, Inc. 

TXI California, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 55 

TXI Riverside, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 100 56 

Valley Stone LLC, a Virginia limited liability company 
 50 57 

55 TXI California, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southwest Ready-Mix, Inc. 
 56 TXI Riverside, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Marietta Southwest Ready-Mix, Inc. 
 57 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. is the manager of and owns a 50 interest in Valley Stone LLC. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 mlm-ex23_01.htm
 EX-23.01

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.01 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-238199) and Form S-8 (Nos. 33-83516, 333-37886, 333-79039, 333-115918, 333-85608, 333-15429, 333-211735, and 333-197201) of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 mlm-ex31_01.htm
 EX-31.01

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.01 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 RULE 13a-14 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, C. Howard Nye, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ 
 C. Howard Nye 

C. Howard Nye 

Chairman, President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 mlm-ex31_02.htm
 EX-31.02

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.02 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 RULE 13a-14 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, James A. J. Nickolas, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ 
 James A. J. Nickolas 

James A. J. Nickolas 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 mlm-ex32_01.htm
 EX-32.01

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.01 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report) of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the Registrant), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I, C. Howard Nye, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify that: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ C. Howard Nye 

C. Howard Nye 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and will be retained by Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 mlm-ex32_02.htm
 EX-32.02

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.02 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report) of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the Registrant), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I, James A. J. Nickolas, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify that: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ James A. J. Nickolas 

James A. J. Nickolas 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and will be retained by Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 8
 mlm-ex95.htm
 EX-95

EX-95 

EXHIBIT 95 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE EXHIBIT 
 The operation of the Company s U.S. aggregate quarries and mines (including the mining operations of the cement product line) is subject to regulation by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act). MSHA inspects the Company s quarries and mines (and cement plants) on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. Whenever MSHA issues a citation or order, it also generally proposes a civil penalty, or fine, related to the alleged violation. Citations or orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), the Company is required to present information regarding certain mining safety and health citations which MSHA has issued with respect to its aggregates mining operations in its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as: (i) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of the quarry or mine and type of operations (underground or surface), (ii) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and location to location, and (iii) citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and in that process, may be reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
 We have provided information below in response to the rules and regulations of the SEC issued under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. The disclosures reflect U.S. mining operations only, as the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and the SEC rules and regulations thereunder do not apply to our quarries and mines operated outside the United States. 
 The Company presents the following items regarding certain mining safety and health matters for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Appendix 1): 
 Total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Mine Act for which the Company received a citation from MSHA (hereinafter, Section 104 S S Citations ). If MSHA determines that a violation of a mandatory health or safety standard is reasonably likely to result in a reasonably serious injury or illness under the unique circumstance contributed to by the violation, MSHA will classify the violation as a significant and substantial violation (commonly referred to as a S S violation). MSHA inspectors will classify each citation or order written as a S S violation or not. 

Total number of orders issued under section 104(b) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 104(b) Orders ). These orders are issued for situations in which MSHA determines a previous violation covered by a Section 104(a) citation has not been totally abated within the prescribed time period, so a further order is needed to require the mine operator to immediately withdraw all persons (except certain authorized persons) from the affected area of a quarry or mine. 

Total number of citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under Section 104(d) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 104(d) Citations and Orders ). These violations are similar to those described above, but the standard is that the violation could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a safety or health hazard, but the conditions do not cause imminent danger, and the MSHA inspector finds that the violation is caused by an unwarranted failure of the operator to comply with the health and safety standards. 

Total number of flagrant violations under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 110(b)(2) Violations ). These violations are penalty violations issued if MSHA determines that violations are flagrant , for which civil penalties may be assessed. A flagrant violation means a reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory health or safety standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. 

Total number of imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 107(a) Orders ). These orders are issued for situations in which MSHA determines an imminent danger exists in the quarry or mine and results in orders of immediate withdrawal of all persons (except certain authorized persons) from the area of the quarry or mine affected by its condition until the imminent danger and the underlying conditions causing the imminent danger no longer exist. 

Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed. These are the amounts of proposed assessments issued by MSHA with each citation or order for the time period covered by the report. Penalties are assessed by MSHA according to a formula that considers a number of factors, including the mine operator s history, size, negligence, gravity of the violation, good faith in trying to correct the violation promptly, and the effect of the penalty on the operator s ability to continue in business. 

Total Number of Mining-Related Fatalities. Mines subject to the Mine Act are required to report all fatalities occurring at their facilities unless the fatality is determined to be non-chargeable to the mining industry. The final rules of the SEC require disclosure of mining-related fatalities at mines subject to the Mine Act. Only fatalities determined by MSHA not to be mining-related may be excluded. 

Receipt of written notice from MSHA of a pattern (or a potential to have such a pattern) of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of other mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of the Mine Act. If MHSA determines that a mine has a pattern of these types of violations, or the potential to have such a pattern, MSHA is required to notify the mine operator of the existence of such a thing. 

Legal Actions Pending as of the Last Day of Period. 

Legal Actions Initiated During Period. 

Legal Actions Resolved During Period. 

The Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the Commission) is an independent adjudicative agency that provides administrative trial and appellate review of legal disputes arising under the Mine Act. The cases may involve, among other questions, challenges by operators to citations, orders and penalties they have received from MSHA, or complaints of discrimination by miners under Section 105 of the Mine Act. Appendix 1 shows, for each of the Company s quarries and mines identified, as of December 31, 2022, the number of legal actions pending before the Commission, along with the number of legal actions initiated before the Commission during the year as well as resolved during the year. In addition, Appendix 1 includes a footnote to the column for legal actions before the Commission pending as of the last day of the period, which footnote breaks down that total number of legal actions pending by categories according to the type of proceeding in accordance with various categories established by the Procedural Rules of the Commission. 
 Appendix 1 attached. 

Appendix 1 

Location 
 MSHA ID 
 Section 104 S S Citations (#) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessment/ Proposed 
 
 Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violation Under Section 104(e) (yes/no) 
 Received Notice of Potential to have Pattern under Section 104(e) (yes/no) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Instituted During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) 

Alexander Quarry 
 3101636 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

American Stone 
 3100189 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Anderson Creek Quarry 
 4402963 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 183 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appling Quarry 
 0901083 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Arrowood Quarry 
 3100059 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 454 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Asheboro Quarry 
 3100066 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Auburn Al Quarry 
 0100006 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Auburn GA Quarry 
 0900436 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 632 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Augusta GA Quarry 
 0900065 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Bakers Quarry 
 3100071 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 442 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 1 
 1 

Ball Ground Quarry 
 0900955 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Belgrade Quarry 
 3100064 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Benson Quarry 
 3101979 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 348 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Berkeley Quarry 
 3800072 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 1 

Bessemer City Quarry 
 3101105 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Bonds Quarry 
 3101963 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Boonesboro Quarry 
 1800024 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Burlington Quarry 
 3100042 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Caldwell Quarry 
 3101869 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Calhoun Quarry 
 4003395 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Calhoun Sand 
 3800716 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 1 

Castle Hayne Quarry 
 3100063 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cayce 
 3800016 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 696 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Central Rock Quarry 
 3100050 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 183 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Charlotte Quarry 
 3100057 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 348 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Chattanooga Quarry 
 4003159 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Churchville Quarry 
 1800012 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Clarks Quarry 
 3102009 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cumberland Quarry 
 3102237 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cumming Quarry 
 0900460 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 614 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Denver Quarry 
 3101971 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Doswell Quarry VA 
 4400045 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Douglasville Quarry 
 0900024 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appendix 1 

East Alamance Quarry 
 3102021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Edgefield Quarry 
 3800738 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 632 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Edmund Sand 
 3800662 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Fountain Quarry 
 3100065 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Franklin Quarry 
 3102130 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Frederick Quarry 
 1800013 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Fuquay Quarry 
 3102055 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Garner Quarry 
 3100072 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 348 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Georgetown II Quarry 
 3800525 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Greensboro Portable Plt 
 3102336 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Greensboro Portable Plt II 
 3102335 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hickory Quarry 
 3100043 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 331 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Homer Quarry 
 0900958 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Jamestown Quarry 
 3100051 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 316 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Jefferson Quarry 
 0901106 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Junction City Quarry 
 0901029 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Kannapolis Quarry 
 3100070 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Kent Sand Gravel 
 1800745 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Kings Mountain Quarry 
 3100047 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Lemon Springs Quarry 
 3101104 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Lithonia Quarry 
 0900023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 464 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Loamy Sand Gravel 
 3800721 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Maiden Quarry 
 3102125 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Mallard Creek Quarry 
 3102006 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 723 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Matthews Quarry 
 3102084 
 4 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 3,632 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Maylene Quarry 
 0100634 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Medford Quarry 
 1800035 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Midlothian Quarry 
 4403767 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 841 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 1 
 1 
 0 

Misc Greensboro District 
 B8611 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Morgan County 
 0901126 
 2 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,072 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Newton Quarry 
 0900899 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 701 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

North Columbia 
 3800146 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 2 
 0 
 1 

North East Quarry 
 1800417 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Old Charleston Sand 
 3800702 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 389 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

O'Neal Plant Co 19 
 0103076 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Onslow Quarry 
 3102120 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Paulding Quarry 
 0901107 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Perry Quarry 
 0801083 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Pinesburg Quarry 
 1800021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Pomona Quarry 
 3100052 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 183 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Raleigh Durham Quarry 
 3101941 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 532 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appendix 1 

Red Hill Quarry 
 4400072 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Red Oak Quarry 
 0900069 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,091 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Reidsville Quarry 
 3100068 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Rock Hill Quarry 
 3800026 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Rocky Point Quarry 
 3101956 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Ruby Quarry 
 0900074 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Salem Stone 
 3102038 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Six Mile Quarry 
 0901144 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

St. Marys Sand Company 
 0901199 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Statesville Quarry 
 3100055 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Texas Quarry 
 1800009 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 669 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Thomasville Quarry 
 3101475 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Tyrone Quarry 
 0900306 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Vance Quarry Co 19 
 0103022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 1 
 1 

Warfordsburg Quarry 
 3600168 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Warrenton Quarry 
 0900580 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Woodleaf Quarry 
 3100069 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 743 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(45) North Indianapolis SURFACE 
 1200002 
 8 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 11,099 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 1 
 1 
 0 

Alden Portable Plant #2 
 1302033 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Alden Portable Sand 
 1302037 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Alden Portable Wash 
 1302122 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Alden Quarry 
 1300228 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Ames Mine 
 1300014 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Apple Grove S G 
 3301676 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Belmont Sand 
 1201911 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Bowling Green North Quarry 
 1500065 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Bowling Green South Quarry 
 1500025 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Burning Springs Mine 
 4608862 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Carmel Sand 
 1202124 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cedar Rapids Quarry 
 1300122 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cedarville Quarry 
 3304072 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cloverdale Quarry 
 1201744 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cumberland Quarry 
 1500037 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Des Moines Portable 
 1300150 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Des Moines Portable #2 
 1300932 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Dubois Quarry 
 2501046 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,222 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Durham Mine 
 1301225 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,283 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

E Town Sand Gravel 
 3304279 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 378 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appendix 1 

Earlham Quarry 
 1302123 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 331 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Elk River Wash Plant 
 2101218 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Fairfield Quarry 
 3301396 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Ferguson Quarry 
 1300124 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Fort Calhoun Quarry 
 2501300 
 7 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 11,292 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 1 
 1 

Fort Dodge Mine 
 1300032 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 1 
 
 2,150 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Greenwood Quarry New 
 2300141 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 562 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Harlan Quarry 
 1500071 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hartford Quarry 
 1500095 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Inactive Iowa Grading 
 1302126 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Iowa Grading 
 1302316 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Johnson County Sand Gravel 
 1202506 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Kentucky Ave Mine 
 1201762 
 19 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 28,854 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 2 
 2 
 0 

Kokomo Mine 
 1202105 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Kokomo Sand 
 1202203 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 973 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 1 
 1 

Kokomo Stone 
 1200142 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 784 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 1 
 1 

Linn County Sand 
 1302208 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Malcom Mine 
 1300112 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 3,455 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Marshalltown Sand 
 1300718 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Midwest Division OH 
 A2354 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 1 
 2101112 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 2 
 2101593 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 3 
 2103147 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 143 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 4 
 2103287 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 5 
 2101110 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 6 
 2103120 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 7 
 2103355 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Portable # 8 
 2101843 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

MN Reclamation 
 2103690 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Moore Quarry 
 1302188 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

New Harvey Sand 
 1301778 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

New Marshall Sand 
 1302504 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 410 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Noblesville Sand 
 1201994 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Noblesville Stone 
 1202176 
 4 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 4,154 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 2 

North Indianapolis Quarry 
 1201993 
 7 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 7,669 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

North Valley Sand 
 2501271 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 435 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Ottawa Quarry New 
 1401590 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 682 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Pedersen Quarry 
 1302192 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Petersburg Ky Gravel 
 1516895 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Phillipsburg Quarry 
 3300006 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appendix 1 

Portland Quarry 
 1302122 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Putnam Quarry Divest 
 1202242 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Raccoon River Sand 
 1302315 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Randolph Mine 
 2302308 
 5 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 10,850 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 1 
 1 
 0 

Reasnor Sand 
 1300814 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Saylorville Sand 
 1302290 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Shamrock SG 
 3304011 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Spring Valley Cook Rd SG 
 3304534 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

St Cloud Quarry 
 2100081 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Stamper Mine 
 2302232 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2,046 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 1 
 1 
 5 

Sully Mine 
 1300063 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,064 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Sunflower Qy Co 61 
 1401556 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Troy Gravel 
 3301678 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Walterloo Sand 
 2501314 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Waverly Sand 
 1202038 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Weeping Water Mine 
 2500998 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2,140 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

West Center Sand 
 2501231 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 464 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Xenia Gravel 
 3301393 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Yellow Medicine Quarry 
 2100033 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Clarkdale Sand Gravel 
 0202524 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,269 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Clayton 
 0400159 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 198 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Coolidge Plant 65 
 0203173 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Eagle Valley Plant 
 0404758 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Granite Canyon Quarry 
 4800018 
 2 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,931 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Greeley 35th Ready Mix 
 0504382 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Greeley 35th Sand Gravel 
 0504613 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Guernsey Quarry 
 4800004 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 4,573 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hassayampa 
 0202679 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hughson AGG HMA 
 0401769 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Irwindale Plant 
 0401838 
 2 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2,913 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Lakeside Vigilante Plant 
 0402685 
 4 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 4,296 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Merced AGG HMA 
 0402841 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Milford Quarry Utah 
 4202177 
 4 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 3,377 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Miramar Recycle Plant 
 0402911 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Pacific Quarry 
 4500844 
 2 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2,282 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Parkdale Quarry 
 0504635 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 614 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Parsons Sand Gravel 
 0503215 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Penrose Sand and Gravel 
 0504509 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Pier 92 Marine Aggregates 
 0405261 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Platte Sand Gravel 
 0504418 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Portable Crushing 
 0503984 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appendix 1 

Portable Plant 1 
 0504359 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Portable Plant 21 
 0504520 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 156 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Red Canyon Quarry 
 0504136 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 665 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Rich Sand Gravel 
 0504186 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 777 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

River Ranch AGG 
 0202646 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 773 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Riverbend Sand Gravel 
 0504841 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 4,160 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

San Andreas AGG 
 0400539 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 849 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Sanger AGG 
 0405799 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2,028 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Santa Margarita Aggregates 
 0401616 
 3 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 9,337 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Santee Plant 
 0405564 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Sisquoc Aggregates 
 0401959 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,164 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Spec Agg Quarry 
 0500860 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,358 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Sunol Plant 
 0401859 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2,255 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Taft Sand Gravel 
 0504526 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 169 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Taft Wash Plant 
 0504735 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 144 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Tidewater Oakland Marine Agg 
 0403002 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Yavapai AGG 
 0201222 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

51 Sand Gravel 
 4105381 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Beckmann Quarry 
 4101335 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 665 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Bedrock Sand Gravel 
 4103283 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Bells Savoy SG 
 4104019 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 841 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Black Rock Quarry 
 0300011 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 715 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Black Spur Quarry 
 4104159 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 529 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Bridgeport Stone 
 4100007 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 1 

Broken Bow SG 
 3400460 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 673 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Chico Quarry 
 4103360 
 2 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,514 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Davis Quarry 
 3401299 
 2 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,600 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 1 
 1 
 0 

Garfield SG 
 4103909 
 3 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,351 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Garwood Gravel 
 4102886 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 296 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

GMS 
 C335 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Gulf Coast Port #2 
 4104204 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hatton Quarry 
 0301614 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Helotes 
 4103137 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Highway 211 Quarry 
 4103829 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hondo 
 4104708 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hugo Quarry 
 3400061 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hunter Cement 
 4102820 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2,532 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hunter Stone 
 4105230 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Idabel Quarry 
 3400507 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 155 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appendix 1 

Jones Mill Quarry 
 0301586 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Koontz McCombs Pit 
 4105048 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Liberty Ranch Sand 
 4105268 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 1 
 1 
 0 

Medina Rock Rail 
 4105170 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 798 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Midlothian Cement 
 4100071 
 5 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 10,600 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Mill Creek Limestone 
 3401859 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 1,032 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Mill Creek Quarry 
 3401285 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

North Austin Quarry 
 4104380 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 399 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Perryville Aggregates 
 1601417 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Poteet Sand 
 4101342 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 770 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Redding Cement 
 0400034 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 13,765 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Rio Medina 
 4103594 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 429 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

San Pedro Quarry 
 4101337 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 406 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Sawyer East Quarry 
 3401809 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Sawyer Quarry 
 3401634 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Smithson Valley Quarry 
 4104108 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Snyder Quarry 
 3401651 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 133 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Tehachapi Cement 
 0400196 
 5 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 5,684 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Tin Top SG 
 4102852 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 1 
 
 2,557 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 1 
 1 
 0 

Washita Quarry 
 3402049 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 266 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Webberville 
 4104363 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 747 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Woodworth Aggregates 
 1601070 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Geology and Exploration 
 B7137 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Salisbury Shop 
 B9338 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Woodville Stone 
 3300156 
 5 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 14,296 
 
 0 
 no 
 no 
 0 
 0 
 4 

TOTAL 
 
 125 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 2 
 
 231,013 
 
 0 

11 
 14 
 20 

Of the 11 legal actions pending on December 31, 2022, one was a contest of citations or orders referenced in Subpart B of CFR Part 2700, which includes contests of citations and orders issued under Section 104 of the Mine Act and contests of imminent danger orders under Section 107 of the Mine Act, nine were contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of 29 CFR Part 2700, which are administrative proceedings before the Commission challenging a civil penalty that MSHA has proposed for the violation contained in a citation or order, and one was a contest of an order issued under section 103 (K) of the Mine Act. 

The 107(a) Order issued at Fort Dodge Mine on June 6, 2022 was modified on June 14, 2022 after MSHA determined the order should have been issued to the contractor. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.CAL>
 29
 mlm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 30
 mlm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 31
 mlm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 32
 mlm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 33
 mlm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

