<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_107815_0000107815-23-000102.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19228675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>362971</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2646695</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7119895</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4773395</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3949205</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000107815-23-000102.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223075724
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000107815-23-000102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		152
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WISCONSIN ELECTRIC POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000107815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				390476280
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01245
		FILM NUMBER:		23655993

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		231 W MICHIGAN ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 2046
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53290-0001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		414-221-2345

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		231 W MICHIGAN ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 2046
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000107815-23-000102.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 wep-20221231.htm
 10-K

wep-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________________ to ___________________ 
 
 Commission File Number Registrant; State of Incorporation; Address; and Telephone Number IRS Employer Identification No. 
 (A Corporation) 

, 
 ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act : 
 
 None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act : 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 
 Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022 (and currently), all of the common stock of Wisconsin Electric Power Company is held by WEC Energy Group, Inc. 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant. 
 . 
 Number of shares outstanding of each class of common stock, as of January 31, 2023 
 
 Common Stock, 10 par value, shares outstanding 
 
 Documents incorporated by reference : 

Table of Contents 

 WISCONSIN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 1 
 PART I 
 3 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 
 A. 
 INTRODUCTION 
 3 
 B. 
 UTILITY SEGMENT 
 3 
 C. 
 REGULATION 
 12 
 D. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 
 14 
 E. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 14 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 16 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 27 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 28 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 29 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 29 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 30 
 PART II 
 31 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 31 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 31 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 32 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 51 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 52 
 A. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 52 
 B. 
 Consolidated Income Statements 
 54 
 C. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 55 
 D. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 E. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 57 
 F. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 
 Note 1 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 58 
 Note 2 
 Acquisition 
 66 
 Note 3 
 Related Parties 
 66 
 Note 4 
 Operating Revenues 
 68 
 Note 5 
 Credit Losses 
 69 
 Note 6 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 70 
 Note 7 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 72 
 Note 8 
 Jointly Owned Utility Facilities 
 73 
 Note 9 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 73 
 Note 10 
 Common Equity 
 74 
 Note 11 
 Preferred Stock 
 76 
 Note 12 
 Short-Term Debt and Lines of Credit 
 76 
 Note 13 
 Long-Term Debt 
 77 
 Note 14 
 Leases 
 78 
 Note 15 
 Income Taxes 
 81 
 Note 16 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 83 
 Note 17 
 Derivative Instruments 
 84 
 Note 18 
 Employee Benefits 
 84 
 Note 19 
 Segment Information 
 89 
 Note 20 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 89 
 
 2022 Form 10-K i 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Note 21 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 90 
 Note 22 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 95 
 Note 23 
 Regulatory Environment 
 96 
 Note 24 
 Other Income, Net 
 98 
 Note 25 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 98 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 100 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 100 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 100 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 100 
 PART III 
 101 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE REGISTRANT 
 101 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 101 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 101 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 101 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 101 
 PART IV 
 102 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 102 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 106 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 107 
 SIGNATURES 
 108 

2022 Form 10-K ii 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 The abbreviations and terms set forth below are used throughout this report and have the meanings assigned to them below: 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates ATC American Transmission Company LLC Bluewater Bluewater Natural Gas Holding, LLC UMERC Upper Michigan Energy Resources Corporation WBS WEC Business Services LLC WE Wisconsin Electric Power Company We Power W.E. Power, LLC WEC Energy Group WEC Energy Group, Inc. WEPCo Environmental Trust WEPCo Environmental Trust Finance I, LLC WG Wisconsin Gas LLC WPS Wisconsin Public Service Corporation Federal and State Regulatory Agencies CBP United States Customs and Border Protection Agency DOC United States Department of Commerce EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission IRS United States Internal Revenue Service PSCW Public Service Commission of Wisconsin SEC Securities and Exchange Commission WDNR Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources Accounting Terms AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction ARO Asset Retirement Obligation ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update CWIP Construction Work in Progress FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles OPEB Other Postretirement Employee Benefits VIE Variable Interest Entity Environmental Terms ACE Affordable Clean Energy Act 141 2005 Wisconsin Act 141 BATW Bottom Ash Transport Water BTA Best Technology Available CAA Clean Air Act CASAC Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee CO 2 
 Carbon Dioxide ELG Steam Electric Effluent Limitation Guidelines FGD Flue Gas Desulfurization GHG Greenhouse Gas NAAQS National Ambient Air Quality Standards NOPP Notice of Planned Participation NOx Nitrogen Oxide NSPS New Source Performance Standards PM Particulate Matter SO 2 
 Sulfur Dioxide WOTUS Waters of the United States WPDES Wisconsin Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 
 2022 Form 10-K iii 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Measurements Bcf Billion Cubic Feet Dth Dekatherm MW Megawatt MWh Megawatt-hour g/m3 Micrograms Per Cubic Meter Other Terms and Abbreviations AD/CVD Antidumping and Countervailing Duties AIA Affiliated Interest Agreement AMI Advanced Metering Infrastructure ARR Auction Revenue Right Badger Hollow II Badger Hollow Solar Park II Blue Sky Blue Sky Green Field Wind Park CFR Code of Federal Regulations Compensation Committee Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of WEC Energy Group, Inc. COVID-19 Coronavirus Disease 2019 D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit Darien Darien Solar-Battery Park DER Distributed Energy Resource DRER Dedicated Renewable Energy Resource ERGS Elm Road Generating Station ER 1 Elm Road Generating Station Unit 1 ER 2 Elm Road Generating Station Unit 2 ESG Progress Plan WEC Energy Group's Capital Investment Plan for Efficiency, Sustainability, and Growth for 2023-2027 ETB Environmental Trust Bond EV Electric Vehicle Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Executive Order 13990 Executive Order 13990 of January 20, 2021 - Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis FTR Financial Transmission Right GCRM Gas Cost Recovery Mechanism IRA Inflation Reduction Act ITC Investment Tax Credit LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LMP Locational Marginal Price LNG Liquefied Natural Gas MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. MISO Energy Markets MISO Energy and Operating Reserves Market NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange OCPP Oak Creek Power Plant OC 5 Oak Creek Power Plant Unit 5 OC 7 Oak Creek Power Plant Unit 7 OC 8 Oak Creek Power Plant Unit 8 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, Amended and Restated, Effective as of May 6, 2021 Paris Paris Solar-Battery Park PIPP Presque Isle Power Plant Point Beach Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant PPA Power Purchase Agreement PSB Public Service Building PTC Production Tax Credit PWGS Port Washington Generating Station PWGS 1 Port Washington Generating Station Unit 1 PWGS 2 Port Washington Generating Station Unit 2 RICE Reciprocating Internal Combustion Engine 
 2022 Form 10-K iv 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 RNG Renewable Natural Gas ROE Return on Equity RTO Regional Transmission Organization S P Standard Poor's SIP State Implementation Plan SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SSR System Support Resource Supreme Court United States Supreme Court Tax Legislation Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 UFLPA Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act VAPP Valley Power Plant West Riverside West Riverside Energy Center Whitewater Whitewater Cogeneration Facility WRO Withhold Release Order 
 
 2022 Form 10-K v 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 In this report, we make statements concerning our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and future events or performance. These statements are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period or periods or by the use of terms such as "anticipates," "believes," "could," "estimates," "expects," "forecasts," "goals," "guidance," "intends," "may," "objectives," "plans," "possible," "potential," "projects," "seeks," "should," "targets," "will," or variations of these terms. 
 
 Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning management's expectations and projections regarding earnings, completion of capital projects, sales and customer growth, rate actions and related filings with regulatory authorities, environmental and other regulations, including associated compliance costs, legal proceedings, effective tax rates, pension and OPEB plans, fuel costs, sources of electric energy supply, coal and natural gas deliveries, remediation costs, climate-related matters, the ESG Progress Plan, liquidity and capital resources, and other matters. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. These risks and uncertainties include those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors and those identified below: 
 
 Factors affecting utility operations such as catastrophic weather-related damage, environmental incidents, unplanned facility outages and repairs and maintenance, and electric transmission or natural gas pipeline system constraints; 
 
 Factors affecting the demand for electricity and natural gas, including political or regulatory developments, varying, adverse, or unusually severe weather conditions, including those caused by climate change, changes in economic conditions, customer growth and declines, commodity prices, energy conservation efforts, and continued adoption of distributed generation by customers; 
 
 The timing, resolution, and impact of rate cases and negotiations, including recovery of deferred and current costs and the ability to earn a reasonable return on investment, and other regulatory decisions impacting our regulated operations; 
 
 The impact of federal, state, and local legislative and/or regulatory changes, including changes in rate-setting policies or procedures, deregulation and restructuring of the electric and/or natural gas utility industries, transmission or distribution system operation, the approval process for new construction, reliability standards, pipeline integrity and safety standards, allocation of energy assistance, energy efficiency mandates, electrification initiatives and other efforts to reduce the use of natural gas, and tax laws, including those that affect our ability to use PTCs and ITCs; 
 
 Federal, state, and local legislative and regulatory changes relating to the environment, including climate change and other environmental regulations impacting generation facilities and renewable energy standards, the enforcement of these laws and regulations, changes in the interpretation of regulations or permit conditions by regulatory agencies, and the recovery of associated remediation and compliance costs; 
 
 The ability to obtain and retain customers, including wholesale customers, due to increased competition in our electric and natural gas markets from retail choice and alternative electric suppliers, and continued industry consolidation; 
 
 The timely completion of capital projects within budgets and the ability to recover the related costs through rates; 
 
 The impact of changing expectations and demands of our customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders, including heightened emphasis on environmental, social, and governance concerns; 
 
 The risk of delays and shortages, and increased costs of equipment, materials, or other resources that are critical to our business operations and corporate strategy, as a result of supply chain disruptions (including disruptions from rail congestion), inflation, and other factors; 
 
 The impact of public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, on our business functions, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations; 
 
 Factors affecting the implementation of WEC Energy Group's CO 2 emission and/or methane emission reduction goals and opportunities and actions related to those goals, including related regulatory decisions, the cost of materials, supplies, and labor, 
 2022 Form 10-K 1 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 technology advances, the feasibility of competing generation projects, and the ability to execute WEC Energy Group's capital plan; 
 
 The financial and operational feasibility of taking more aggressive action to further reduce GHG emissions in order to limit future global temperature increases; 
 
 The risks associated with inflation and changing commodity prices, including natural gas and electricity; 
 
 The availability and cost of sources of natural gas and other fossil fuels, purchased power, materials needed to operate environmental controls at our electric generating facilities, or water supply due to high demand, shortages, transportation problems, nonperformance by electric energy or natural gas suppliers under existing power purchase or natural gas supply contracts, or other developments; 
 
 Any impacts on the global economy, supply chains and fuel prices, generally, from the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions; 
 
 Changes in credit ratings, interest rates, and our ability to access the capital markets, caused by volatility in the global credit markets, our capitalization structure, and market perceptions of the utility industry or us; 
 
 Changes in the method of determining LIBOR or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate; 
 
 Costs and effects of litigation, administrative proceedings, investigations, settlements, claims, and inquiries; 
 
 The direct or indirect effect on our business resulting from terrorist or other physical attacks and cyber security intrusions, as well as the threat of such incidents, including the failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information, the associated costs to protect our utility assets, technology systems, and personal information, and the costs to notify affected persons to mitigate their information security concerns and to comply with state notification laws; 
 
 The risk of financial loss, including increases in bad debt expense, associated with the inability of our customers, counterparties, and affiliates to meet their obligations; 
 
 Changes in the creditworthiness of the counterparties with whom we have contractual arrangements, including participants in the energy trading markets and fuel suppliers and transporters; 
 
 The investment performance of our employee benefit plan assets, as well as unanticipated changes in related actuarial assumptions, which could impact future funding requirements; 
 
 Factors affecting the employee workforce, including loss of key personnel, internal restructuring, work stoppages, and collective bargaining agreements and negotiations with union employees; 
 
 Advances in technology, and related legislation or regulation supporting the use of that technology, that result in competitive disadvantages and create the potential for impairment of existing assets; 
 
 The risk associated with the value of long-lived assets, including intangible assets, and their possible impairment; 
 
 Potential business strategies to acquire and dispose of assets, which cannot be assured to be completed timely or within budgets; 
 
 The timing and outcome of any audits, disputes, and other proceedings related to taxes; 
 
 The effect of accounting pronouncements issued periodically by standard-setting bodies; and 
 
 Other considerations disclosed elsewhere herein and in other reports we file with the SEC or in other publicly disseminated written documents. 
 
 Except as may be required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 2 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

A. INTRODUCTION 
 
 In this report, when we refer to "us," "we," "our," or "ours," we are referring to Wisconsin Electric Power Company. The term "utility" refers to our regulated activities, while the term "non-utility" refers to our activities that are not regulated. References to "Notes" are to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We are a subsidiary of WEC Energy Group and were incorporated in the state of Wisconsin in 1896. We maintain our principal executive offices in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and serve customers in Wisconsin. We conduct our business primarily through our utility reportable segment. 
 
 For more information about our utility operations, including financial and geographic information, see Note 19, Segment Information, and Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. For information about our business strategy, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Corporate Developments. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports are made available on WEC Energy Group's website, www.wecenergygroup.com, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

B. UTILITY SEGMENT 

Electric Utility Operations 
 
 We generate and distribute electric energy to customers located in southeastern Wisconsin (including the metropolitan Milwaukee area), east central Wisconsin, and northern Wisconsin. In 2022, our consolidated revenues also included securitization revenues collected from customers as servicer of environmental control property owned by our subsidiary WEPCo Environmental Trust. For more information on WEPCo Environmental Trust, see Note 20, Variable Interest Entities. 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 
 For information about our operating revenues disaggregated by customer class for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, see Note 4, Operating Revenues. 
 
 Electric Sales 
 
 Our electric energy deliveries included supply and distribution sales to retail, wholesale, and resale customers. In 2022, retail revenues accounted for 90.5 of total electric operating revenues, wholesale revenues accounted for 1.7 of total electric operating revenues, and resale revenues accounted for 6.5 of total electric operating revenues. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Utility Segment Contribution to Net Income Attributed to Common Shareholder for information on MWh sales by customer class. 
 
 We are authorized to provide retail electric service in designated territories in the state of Wisconsin, as established by indeterminate permits and boundary agreements with other utilities. 
 
 We buy and sell wholesale electric power by participating in the MISO Energy Markets. The cost of our individual generation offered into the MISO Energy Markets compared to our competitors affects how often our generating units are dispatched and whether we buy or sell power, based on our customers' needs. We provide wholesale electric service to various customers, including electric 
 2022 Form 10-K 3 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 cooperatives, municipal joint action agencies, other investor-owned utilities, municipal utilities, and energy marketers. For more information, see C. Regulation. 
 
 The majority of our sales for resale are sold into an energy market operated by MISO at market rates based on availability of our generation and market demand. Retail fuel costs are reduced by the amount that revenue exceeds the costs of sales derived from these opportunity sales. 
 
 Steam Sales 
 
 We have a steam utility that generates, distributes, and sells steam supplied by the VAPP to customers in metropolitan Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Steam is used by customers for processing, space heating, domestic hot water, and humidification. Annual sales of steam fluctuate from year to year based on system growth and variations in weather conditions. 
 
 Electric Sales Forecast 
 
 Our service territory experienced higher weather-normalized retail electric sales in 2022, compared with 2021, mostly due to the growth in sales to small commercial and industrial customers, which have fully recovered from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We currently forecast retail electric sales volumes to grow at an annual rate between 0.7 and 1.0 for the period 2025 through 2027, assuming normal weather. Electric peak demand is expected to be flat over the same period. 
 
 Customers 
 Year Ended December 31 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Electric customers end of year Residential 1,032.6 1,025.7 1,024.6 Small commercial and industrial 117.6 116.8 117.1 Large commercial and industrial 0.6 0.6 0.6 Wholesale and other 1.6 1.6 2.9 Total electric customers end of year 1,152.4 1,144.7 1,145.2 Steam customers end of year 0.4 0.4 0.4 
 
 Electric Commercial and Industrial Retail Customers 
 
 We provide electric utility service to a diversified base of customers in industries such as metals and other manufacturing, governmental, health services, real estate, and food products. 
 
 Electric Generation and Supply Mix 
 
 Our electric supply strategy is to provide our customers with energy from plants using a diverse fuel mix that is expected to balance a stable, reliable, and affordable supply of electricity with environmental stewardship. Through our participation in the MISO Energy Markets, we supply a significant amount of electricity to our customers from power plants that we own or lease from We Power. We supplement our internally generated power supply with long-term PPAs, including the Point Beach PPA discussed under the heading "Power Purchase Commitments," and through spot purchases in the MISO Energy Markets. We also sell excess power supply into the MISO Energy Markets when it is economical, which reduces net fuel costs by offsetting costs of purchased power. All options, including owned generation resources and purchased power opportunities, are continually evaluated on a real time basis to select and dispatch the lowest-cost resources available to meet system load requirements. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 4 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 The table below indicates our sources of electric energy supply as a percentage of sales for the three years ended December 31, as well as estimates for 2023: 
 Estimate (1) 
 Actual 2023 2022 2021 2020 Company-owned or leased generation units: Coal 30.8 29.0 36.2 31.4 Natural gas: Combined cycle 26.5 26.8 23.4 27.6 Steam turbine 1.1 1.5 1.1 1.4 Natural gas/oil peaking units 1.7 1.7 1.1 0.5 Renewables (2) 
 4.7 4.7 3.9 4.6 Total company-owned or leased generation units 64.8 63.7 65.7 65.5 Power purchase contracts: Nuclear 27.8 30.3 28.9 29.6 Natural gas 1.9 3.3 2.9 2.9 Renewables (2) 
 0.8 0.7 0.8 0.7 Other 0.3 Total power purchase contracts 30.5 34.6 32.6 33.2 Purchased power from MISO 4.7 1.7 1.7 1.3 Total purchased power 35.2 36.3 34.3 34.5 Total electric utility supply 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 (1) The values included in the estimate assume a natural gas price based on the December 2022 NYMEX. 
 
 (2) Includes hydroelectric, biomass, solar, and wind generation. 
 
 Electric Generation Facilities 
 
 Our generation portfolio is a mix of energy resources having different operating characteristics and fuel sources designed to balance providing energy that is stable, reliable, and affordable with environmental stewardship. We own or lease 5,072 MW of generation capacity. Our facilities include coal-fired plants, natural gas-fired plants, and renewable generation. Certain of our natural gas-fired generation units have the ability to burn oil if natural gas is not available due to delivery constraints. For more information about our facilities, see Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Generation from Leased W.E. Power, LLC Units 
 
 We supply electricity to our customers from power plants that we lease from We Power. These plants include the ERGS units and the PWGS units. Lease payments are billed from We Power to us and then recovered in our rates as authorized by the PSCW and the FERC. We operate the We Power units and are authorized by the PSCW and state law to fully recover prudently incurred operating and maintenance costs in our electric rates. As the operator of the units, we may request We Power to make capital improvements to, or further investments in, the units. Under the lease terms, these capital improvements or further investments will increase lease payments paid by us and should ultimately be recovered in our rates. 
 
 Environmental Goals 
 
 WEC Energy Group has set goals to achieve reductions in carbon emissions from its electric generation fleet, which includes us, by 60 by the end of 2025 and by 80 by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. WEC Energy Group expects to achieve these goals by making operating refinements, retiring less efficient generating units, and executing its capital plan. Over the longer term, the target for WEC Energy Group's generation fleet is net-zero CO 2 emissions by 2050. 
 
 As part of our path toward these goals, we are exploring co-firing with natural gas at the ERGS coal-fired units. By the end of 2030, WEC Energy Group expects to use coal as a backup fuel only and believes it will be in a position to eliminate coal as an energy source by the end of 2035. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 5 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Creating a Sustainable Future 
 
 WEC Energy Group's ESG Progress Plan includes the retirement of older, fossil-fueled generation, to be replaced with zero-carbon-emitting renewables and clean natural gas-fired generation. The retirements will contribute to meeting WEC Energy Group's and our goals to reduce CO 2 emissions from our electric generation. When taken together, the retirements and new investments in renewables and clean generation discussed in more detail below, should better balance our supply with our demand, while maintaining reliable, affordable energy for our customers. 
 
 WEC Energy Group has already retired more than 1,800 MWs of coal-fired generation since the beginning of 2018, which included the 2019 retirement of the PIPP as well as the 2018 retirement of the Pleasant Prairie power plant. See Note 6, Regulatory Assets and Liabilities, for more information related to these power plant retirements. Through the ESG Progress Plan, WEC Energy Group expects to retire approximately 1,600 MW of additional fossil-fueled generation by the end of 2026, which includes the planned retirement in 2024-2025 of OCPP Units 5-8. See Note 7, Property, Plant, and Equipment, for more information. 
 
 See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Corporate Developments for more information on the ESG Progress Plan. 
 
 Also see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Legislation and Regulation - Our operations, capital expenditures, and financial results may be affected by the impact of GHG legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals. 
 
 Renewable Generation 
 
 We meet a portion of our electric generation supply with various renewable energy resources, including wind, hydroelectric, and biomass. We are also constructing solar projects, which are discussed in more detail below. This helps us maintain compliance with renewable energy legislation. These renewable energy resources also help us maintain diversity in our generation portfolio, which effectively serves as a price hedge against future fuel costs, and will help mitigate the risk of potential unknown costs associated with any future carbon restrictions for electric generators. 
 
 In December 2018, we received approval from the PSCW for the DRER pilot program, a program for large commercial and industrial customers who wish to access renewable resources that we operate, adding up to 150 MW of renewables to our portfolio. The DRER helps these larger customers meet their sustainability and renewable energy goals. 
 
 Wind 
 
 In December 2022, we completed capital investments to repower major components of Blue Sky, which qualifies for PTCs. 
 
 Solar and Battery Storage 
 
 As part of our commitment to invest in zero-carbon generation, in April 2021, we, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, filed an application with the PSCW for approval to acquire the Koshkonong Solar-Battery Park. Koshkonong Solar-Battery Park is a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Dane County, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own 225 MW of solar generation and 124 MW of battery storage of this project. If approved, construction of the solar portion is expected to be completed in 2025. 
 
 We have also received approvals from the PSCW to invest in 611 MW of utility-scale solar and battery storage projects, including the following: 
 
 In December 2022, we, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, received approval from the PSCW to acquire and construct Darien, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Rock and Walworth counties, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own 188 MW of solar generation and 56 MW of battery storage of this project. The construction of the solar portion is expected to be completed in 2024. 
 
 In January 2022, we, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility , received PSCW approval to acquire and construct Paris, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Kenosha County, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own 150 MW of solar generation and 82 MW of battery storage of this project. The construction of the solar portion is expected to be completed in 2023. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 6 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 In August 2019, we partnered with an unaffiliated utility to construct a solar project, Badger Hollow II, that will be located in Iowa County, Wisconsin. Once fully constructed, we will own 100 MW of this project. Commercial Operation of Badger Hollow II is targeted for 2023. 
 
 In December 2018, we received approval from the PSCW for the Solar Now pilot program, which is expected to add a total of 35 MW of solar generation to our portfolio, allowing non-profit and government entities, as well as commercial and industrial customers, to site utility owned solar arrays on their property. Under this program, we have energized 24 Solar Now projects and currently have another five under construction, together totaling more than 30 MW. 
 
 Natural Gas-Fired Generation 
 
 We have filed applications with the PSCW for approval to invest in natural gas-fired generation. In January 2022, WPS, along with an unaffiliated utility, filed an application with the PSCW for approval to acquire a portion of West Riverside's nameplate capacity. WPS is also requesting approval to assign the option to purchase part of West Riverside to us. If approved, we or WPS would acquire 100 MW of capacity, in the first of two potential option exercises. West Riverside is a combined cycle natural gas plant recently completed by an unaffiliated utility in Rock County, Wisconsin. If approved, the transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023. In addition, WPS could exercise and request approval to assign to us a second option to acquire an additional 100 MW of capacity, with the transaction expected to close in 2024. 
 
 We have received approval from the PSCW to invest in 182.3 MW of natural gas-fired generation, including the following: 
 
 In December 2022, we, along with WPS, received approval from the PSCW to acquire Whitewater, a commercially operational 236.5 MW dual fueled (natural gas and low sulfur fuel oil) combined cycle electrical generation facility in Whitewater, Wisconsin. Our share of the of capacity is 50 , or 118.3 MW. We added Whitewater to our generation portfolio when this transaction closed in January 2023. 
 
 In March 2022, we and WPS received PSCW approval to construct a natural gas-fired generation at WPS's existing Weston power plant site in northern Wisconsin. The new facility will consist of seven RICE units. Once constructed, we will own 64 MW of this project. Construction is expected to be completed in 2023. 
 
 Other Sustainability Programs 
 
 In August 2021, the PSCW approved a pilot program for us to install and maintain EV charging equipment for customers at their homes or businesses. The program provides direct benefits to customers by removing cost barriers associated with installing EV equipment. In October 2021, subject to the receipt of any necessary regulatory approvals, WEC Energy Group pledged to expand the EV charging network within the service territories of its electric utilities. In doing so, WEC Energy Group joined a coalition of utility companies in a unified effort to make EV charging convenient and widely available throughout the Midwest. The coalition WEC Energy Group joined is planning to help build and grow EV charging corridors, enabling the general public to safely and efficiently charge their vehicles. 
 
 Electric System Reliability 
 
 The PSCW requires us to maintain a planning reserve margin above our projected annual peak demand forecast to help ensure reliability of electric service to our customers. These planning reserve requirements are consistent with the MISO calculated planning reserve margin. In 2008, the PSCW established a 14.5 reserve margin requirement for long-term planning (planning years two through ten). For short-term planning (planning year one), the PSCW requires Wisconsin utilities to follow the planning reserve margin established by MISO. MISO has a 17.9 installed capacity reserve margin requirement for the planning year from June 1, 2022, through May 31, 2023. MISO is implementing seasonal requirements effective June 1, 2023. The installed capacity reserve margins for the planning year June 1, 2023 through May 31, 2024 are as follows: 15.9 summer (June August), 25.8 fall (September November), 41.2 winter (December February) and 39.3 spring (March May). MISO's short-term reserve margin requirements experience year-to-year and season-to-season fluctuations, primarily due to changes in the generation resource mix and average forced outage rate of generation within the MISO footprint. 
 
 We believe that we have adequate capacity through company-owned generation units, leased generating units, and power purchase contracts to meet the MISO calculated planning reserve margin during the current planning year. We also fully anticipate that we will have adequate capacity to meet the planning reserve margin requirements for the upcoming planning year. 
 2022 Form 10-K 7 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

Fuel and Purchased Power Costs 
 
 Our retail electric rates in Wisconsin are established by the PSCW and include base amounts for fuel and purchased power costs. The electric fuel rules set by the PSCW generally allow us to defer, for subsequent rate recovery or refund, under- or over-collections of actual fuel and purchased power costs beyond a 2 price variance from the costs included in the rates charged to customers. For more information about the fuel rules, see C. Regulation. 
 
 Our average fuel and purchased power costs per MWh by fuel type, including delivery costs, were as follows for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 Coal 24.65 20.11 18.67 Natural gas combined cycle 41.62 24.35 15.84 Natural gas/oil peaking units 95.89 81.06 41.71 Biomass 78.42 86.24 130.76 Purchased power 59.49 52.84 48.90 
 
 We purchase coal under long-term contracts, which helps with price stability. Coal and associated transportation services are exposed to volatility in pricing due to changing domestic and world-wide demand for coal and diesel fuel. To moderate this volatility risk we have PSCW approval for a hedging program. This program allows us to hedge up to 75 of our potential risks related to rail transportation fuel surcharge exposure. The results of this hedging program, when used, are reflected in the average costs of fuel and purchased power. 
 
 We purchase natural gas for our plants on the spot market from natural gas marketers, utilities, and producers, and we arrange for transportation of the natural gas to our plants. We have firm and interruptible transportation, as well as balancing and storage agreements, intended to support our plants' variable usage. We also have PSCW approval for a hedging program to moderate volatility related to natural gas price risk. This program allows us to hedge up to 75 of our estimated natural gas use for electric generation. The results of this hedging program are reflected in the average costs of natural gas. 
 
 Coal Supply 
 
 We diversify the coal supply for our leased and owned electric generating facilities by purchasing coal from several mines in Wyoming and Pennsylvania, as well as from various other states. For 2023, 100 of our projected coal requirements of 6.2 million tons are contracted under fixed-price contracts. See Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies, for more information on amounts of coal purchases and coal deliveries under contract. 
 
 The annual tonnage amounts contracted for the next three years are as follows: 
 (in thousands) Annual Tonnage 2023 6,167 2024 5,700 2025 4,050 
 
 Coal Deliveries 
 
 All of our coal requirements are expected to be shipped by unit trains that we own or lease under existing transportation agreements. The unit trains transport the coal for electric generating facilities from mines in Wyoming and Pennsylvania. Additional small volume agreements may also be used to supplement the normal coal supply for our facilities. For additional information concerning risks related to coal supply chain disruptions, see the risk factor below. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Economic and Market Volatility We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which could limit our ability to operate our coal-fired facilities. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 8 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Power Purchase Commitments 
 
 We enter into short and long-term power purchase commitments to meet a portion of our anticipated electric energy supply needs. Our power purchase commitments with unaffiliated parties consists of 1,033 MW per year for 2023 through 2027 related to a long-term PPA for electricity generated by Point Beach, which exclude planning capacity purchases. Through WEC Energy Group's ESG Progress Plan, we retired some of our older, less efficient coal-fired generation in 2018 and 2019. To procure additional planning capacity, we purchased capacity from the MISO annual auction to ensure that we maintain our compliance with planning reserve requirements as established by the PSCW and MISO. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our electric utility sales are impacted by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions. We sell more electricity during the summer months because of the residential cooling load. We continue to upgrade our electric distribution system, including substations, transformers, and lines, to meet the demand of our customers. In 2022, our generating plants performed as expected during the warmest periods of the summer, and all power purchase commitments under firm contract were received. During this period, we did not require public appeals for conservation, and we did not interrupt or curtail service to non-firm customers who participate in load management programs. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We face competition from various entities and other forms of energy sources available to customers, including self-generation by customers and alternative energy sources. We compete with other utilities for sales to municipalities and cooperatives as well as with other utilities and marketers for wholesale electric business. 
 
 For more information on competition in our service territory, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Results, Liquidity, and Capital Resources Competitive Markets. 

Natural Gas Utility Operations 
 
 We are authorized to provide retail natural gas distribution service in designated territories in the state of Wisconsin, as established by indeterminate permits and boundary agreements with other utilities. We operate in three distinct service areas including west and south of the City of Milwaukee, the Appleton area, and areas within Iron and Vilas Counties, Wisconsin. 
 
 We provide service to residential and commercial and industrial customers. In addition, we offer natural gas transportation services to our customers that elect to purchase natural gas directly from a third-party supplier. Major industries served include real estate, restaurants, governmental, food products, and metals manufacturing. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Utility Segment Contribution to Net Income Attributed to Common Shareholder for information on natural gas sales volumes by customer class. 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 
 For information about our operating revenues disaggregated by customer class for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, see Note 4, Operating Revenues. 
 
 Natural Gas Sales Forecast 
 
 Our service territory experienced higher weather-normalized retail natural gas deliveries (excluding natural gas deliveries for electric generation) in 2022 as compared to 2021 largely due to continued recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We currently forecast retail natural gas delivery volumes to grow at an annual rate between 0.7 and 1.0 for the period 2025 through 2027, assuming normal weather. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 9 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Customers 
 Year Ended December 31 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Customers end of year Residential 463.7 458.6 455.7 Commercial and industrial 40.5 40.2 40.5 Transportation 1.0 1.0 0.9 Total customers 505.2 499.8 497.1 
 
 Natural Gas Supply, Pipeline Capacity and Storage 
 
 We manage portfolios of natural gas supply contracts, storage services, and pipeline transportation services designed to meet varying customer use patterns. For more information on our natural gas utility supply and transportation contracts, see Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Pipeline Capacity and Storage 
 
 The interstate pipelines serving Wisconsin access supply from natural gas producing areas in the Southern and Eastern United States, along with western Canada. We have contracted for long-term firm capacity from a number of these sources. This strategy reflects management's belief that overall supply security is enhanced by geographic diversification of the supply portfolio. 
 
 Due to variations in natural gas usage in Wisconsin, we have also contracted for substantial underground storage capacity, primarily in Michigan. We have entered into a long-term service agreement for natural gas storage with a wholly owned subsidiary of Bluewater. Bluewater, a wholly owned subsidiary of WEC Energy Group, owns natural gas storage facilities in Michigan and provides approximately one-third of our current storage needs. We target storage inventory levels at approximately 40 of forecasted demand for November through March. Diversity of natural gas supply enables us to manage significant changes in demand and to optimize our overall natural gas supply and capacity costs. We generally inject natural gas into storage during the spring and summer months and withdraw it in the winter months. 
 
 We hold daily transportation and storage capacity entitlements with interstate pipeline companies as well as other service providers under varied-length long-term contracts. 
 
 Natural gas pipeline capacity and storage and natural gas supplies under contract can be resold in secondary markets. Peak or near-peak demand generally occurs only a few times each year. The secondary markets facilitate utilization of capacity and supply during times when the contracted capacity and supply are in excess of utility demand. The proceeds from these transactions are passed through to customers, subject to our approved GCRM. For information on our GCRM, see Note 1(d), Operating Revenues. 
 
 To ensure a reliable supply of natural gas during peak winter conditions, we have LNG and propane facilities located within our distribution system. These facilities are typically utilized during extreme demand conditions to ensure reliable supply to our customers. In addition to our existing facilities, we plan to construct an additional LNG facility. The facility would provide us with approximately one Bcf of natural gas supply to meet anticipated peak demand without requiring the construction of additional interstate pipeline capacity. Commercial operation of the LNG facility is targeted for the end of 2023. 
 
 Combined with our storage capability, management believes that the volume of natural gas under contract is sufficient to meet our forecasted firm peak-day and seasonal demand. Our forecasted design peak-day throughput is 10.6 million therms for the 2022 through 2023 heating season. Our peak daily send-out during 2022 was 7.1 million therms on January 25, 2022. 
 
 On December 23, 2022, the Guardian pipeline, which provides natural gas to our distribution network, experienced a significant equipment failure, resulting in a significant reduction in the delivery of natural gas it had committed to provide. In addition, extreme cold weather in our service territory put additional strain on our ability to receive natural gas from other pipeline suppliers. We took numerous steps to meet our customers' demand for natural gas, including drawing from LNG storage facilities, and reducing natural gas deliveries to interruptible business customers. We also requested that all other customers reduce their natural gas usage. The following day, we lifted our conservation request of customers as the amount of natural gas stabilized to levels that could meet all customers' needs. As a result of the measures taken, we were able to avoid any significant natural gas outages. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 10 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas Supply 
 
 We have contracts with suppliers for natural gas acquired in the Chicago, Illinois market hub and in some of the producing areas discussed above. The pricing of the term contracts is based upon first of the month indices. 
 
 We expect to continue to make natural gas purchases in the spot market as price and other circumstances dictate. We have supply relationships with a number of sellers from whom we purchase natural gas in the spot market. 
 
 Hedging Natural Gas Supply Prices 
 
 We have PSCW approval to hedge up to 60 of planned winter demand and up to 15 of planned summer demand using a mix of NYMEX-based natural gas options and futures contracts. This approval allows us to pass 100 of the hedging costs (premiums, brokerage fees and losses) and proceeds (gains) to customers through our GCRM. 
 
 To the extent that opportunities develop and physical supply operating plans are supportive, we also have PSCW approval to utilize NYMEX-based natural gas derivatives to capture favorable forward market price differentials. That approval provides for 100 of the related proceeds to accrue to our GCRM. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Since the majority of our customers use natural gas for heating, customer use is sensitive to weather and is generally higher during the winter months. Accordingly, we are subject to some variations in earnings and working capital throughout the year as a result of changes in weather. 
 
 Our working capital needs are met by cash generated from operations and debt (both long-term and short-term). The seasonality of natural gas revenues causes the timing of cash collections to be concentrated from January through June. A portion of our winter natural gas supply needs is typically purchased and stored from April through November. Also, planned capital spending on our natural gas distribution facilities is concentrated in April through November. Because of these timing differences, the cash flow from customers is typically supplemented with temporary increases in short-term borrowings (from external sources) during the late summer and fall. Short-term debt is typically reduced over the January through June period. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We face varying degrees of competition from other entities and other forms of energy available to consumers. Many large commercial and industrial customers have the ability to switch between natural gas and alternative fuels. Electrification initiatives or mandates are being considered or proposed by local and state governments. In addition, all of our customers have the opportunity to choose a natural gas supplier other than us. We offer natural gas transportation services for customers that elect to purchase natural gas directly from a third-party supplier. We continue to earn distribution revenues from these transportation customers for their use of our distribution systems to transport natural gas to their facilities. As such, the loss of revenue associated with the cost of natural gas that our transportation customers purchase from third-party suppliers has little impact on our net income, as it is offset by an equal reduction to natural gas costs. 
 
 For more information on competition in our service territory, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Results, Liquidity, and Capital Resources Competitive Markets. 
 
 Environmental Goals 
 
 WEC Energy Group also continues to reduce methane emissions by improving its natural gas distribution systems, and has set a target across its natural gas distribution operations to achieve net-zero methane emissions by the end of 2030. WEC Energy Group plans to achieve its net-zero goal through an effort that includes both continuous operational improvements and equipment upgrades, as well as the use of RNG throughout its utility systems. In 2022, we received approval from the PSCW for an RNG pilot associated with our natural gas distribution system. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 11 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 C. REGULATION 
 
 In addition to the specific regulations noted below, we are also subject to various other regulations, which primarily consist of regulations, where applicable, of the EPA, the WDNR, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers. 
 
 Rates 
 
 Our retail electric, natural gas, and steam rates are regulated by the PSCW, and the FERC regulates our wholesale electric rates. Decisions by these regulators can significantly impact our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. The following table compares our utility operating revenues by regulatory jurisdiction for each of the three years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Electric Wisconsin 3,172.8 91.7 2,960.9 92.9 2,814.5 93.6 FERC Wholesale 289.0 8.3 227.7 7.1 193.2 6.4 Total 3,461.8 100.0 3,188.6 100.0 3,007.7 100.0 Natural Gas Wisconsin 608.5 100.0 475.9 100.0 359.3 100.0 Total utility operating revenues 4,070.3 3,664.5 3,367.0 
 
 Retail Rates 
 
 The PSCW has general supervisory and regulatory powers over public utilities in its jurisdiction including, but not limited to, approval of retail utility rates and standards of service, security issuances, mergers, affiliate transactions, location and construction of electric generating units and natural gas facilities, and certain other additions and extensions to utility facilities. 
 
 Historically, retail rates approved by the PSCW have been designed to provide utilities the opportunity to generate revenues to recover all prudently-incurred costs, along with a return on investment sufficient to pay interest on debt and provide a reasonable ROE. Rates charged to customers vary according to customer class and rate jurisdiction. We are subject to an earnings sharing mechanism in which a portion of our earnings are required to be refunded to customers if we earn above our authorized ROE. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information on our earnings sharing mechanism. The table below reflects our approved ROE and capital structure during 2022. 
 Regulated Retail Rates Regulatory Commission Authorized ROE Average Common Equity Component Electric, natural gas, and steam (1) 
 PSCW 10.0 52.5 
 
 (1) In accordance with our most recent rate order, effective January 1, 2023, our base rates reflect a 9.80 authorized ROE and an average common equity component of 53.0 . See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information. 
 
 In addition to amounts collected from customers through approved base rates, we have certain recovery mechanisms in place that allow us to recover or refund prudently incurred costs that differ from those approved in base rates. 
 
 Embedded within our electric rates is an amount to recover fuel and purchased power costs. The Wisconsin retail fuel rules require us to defer, for subsequent rate recovery or refund, any under-collection or over-collection of fuel and purchased power costs that are outside of our symmetrical fuel cost tolerance, which the PSCW typically sets at plus or minus 2 of our approved fuel and purchased power cost plan. Our deferred fuel and purchased power costs are subject to an excess revenues test. If our ROE in a given year exceeds the ROE authorized by the PSCW, the recovery of under-collected fuel and purchased power costs would be reduced by the amount by which our return exceeds the authorized amount. 
 
 Our natural gas utility operates under a GCRM as approved by the PSCW. Generally, the GCRM allows for a dollar-for-dollar recovery of prudently incurred natural gas costs. 
 
 See Note 1(d), Operating Revenues, for more information on the significant mechanisms we had in place during 2022 that allowed us to recover or refund changes in prudently incurred costs from rate case-approved amounts. 
 2022 Form 10-K 12 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

We file periodic requests with the PSCW for changes in retail rates. Our rate requests are based on forward looking test years, which reflect additions to infrastructure and changes in costs incurred or expected to be incurred. For information on our regulatory proceedings, see Note 23, Regulatory Environment. Orders from the PSCW can be viewed at https://psc.wi.gov/. The material and information contained on this website are not intended to be a part of, nor are they incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Wholesale Rates 
 
 The FERC regulates our wholesale sales of electric energy, capacity, and ancillary services. We have received market-based rate authority from the FERC. Market-based rate authority allows wholesale electric sales to be made in the MISO market and directly to third parties based on the negotiated market value of the transaction. We also make wholesale sales pursuant to cost-based formula rates. Cost-based formula rates provide for recovery of our costs and an approved rate of return. The predetermined formula is initially based on our expenses from the previous year, but is eventually trued up to reflect actual, current-year costs. 
 
 Electric Transmission, Capacity, and Energy Markets 
 
 In connection with its status as a FERC-approved RTO, MISO operates bid-based energy markets. MISO is responsible for monitoring and ensuring equal access to the electric transmission system in its footprint. 
 
 In MISO, base transmission costs are currently being paid by load-serving entities located in the service territories of each MISO transmission owner. The FERC has previously confirmed the use of the current transmission cost allocation methodology. Certain additional costs for new transmission projects are allocated throughout the MISO footprint. 
 
 As part of MISO, a market-based platform is used for valuing transmission congestion premised upon an LMP system. The LMP system includes the ability to hedge transmission congestion costs through ARRs and FTRs. ARRs are allocated to market participants by MISO, and FTRs are purchased through auctions. A new allocation and auction were completed for the period of June 1, 2022, through May 31, 2023. The resulting ARR allocation and the secured FTRs are expected to mitigate our transmission congestion risk for that period. 
 
 MISO has an annual zonal resource adequacy requirement to ensure there is sufficient generation capacity to serve the MISO footprint. To meet this requirement, capacity resources can be acquired through MISO's annual capacity auction, bilateral contracts for capacity, or provided from generating or demand response resources. While the zone in which our load resides had sufficient generation capacity resources for the period between June 1, 2022 and May 31, 2023, the MISO North region as a whole did not have enough capacity to meet the planning reserve margin for the same time period. Due to the capacity shortage in the MISO North region, all of its zones cleared at the cost of new entry in the annual auction, which is the maximum clearing price. To date, there have been sufficient resources in real time operations to meet the demand obligations in the MISO North region. 
 
 MISO is implementing a seasonal resource adequacy requirement effective June 1, 2023. As part of this, the capacity accreditation methodology has changed for thermal resources. Currently, it is difficult to predict the MISO North region's capacity position for the upcoming planning year. It is possible that the capacity shortage in the MISO North region will continue as additional resources retire and new resources are delayed. Our strategy has always been to minimize the amount of capacity we procure from the auction to reduce our exposure to capacity shortages. This includes managing our generation portfolio, both retirements and new resources, to ensure we do not get in a significant short position. 
 
 Other Electric Regulations 
 
 We are subject to the Federal Power Act and the corresponding regulations developed by certain federal agencies. The Energy Policy Act amended the Federal Power Act in 2005 to, among other things, make electric utility industry consolidation more feasible, authorize the FERC to review proposed mergers and the acquisition of generation facilities, change the FERC regulatory scheme applicable to qualifying cogeneration facilities, and modify certain other aspects of energy regulations and federal tax policies applicable to us. Additionally, the Energy Policy Act created an Electric Reliability Organization to be overseen by the FERC, which established mandatory electric reliability standards and has the authority to levy monetary sanctions for failure to comply with these standards. 
 
 We are subject to Act 141 in Wisconsin which contains certain minimum requirements for renewable energy generation. 
 2022 Form 10-K 13 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

All of our hydroelectric facilities follow FERC guidelines and/or regulations. 
 
 Other Natural Gas Regulations 
 
 Almost all of the natural gas we distribute is transported to our distribution systems by interstate pipelines. The pipelines' transportation and storage services are regulated by the FERC under the Natural Gas Act and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978. In addition, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the PSCW are responsible for monitoring and enforcing requirements governing our natural gas safety compliance programs for our pipelines under United States Department of Transportation regulations. These regulations include 49 CFR Part 191 (Transportation of Natural and Other Gas by Pipeline; Annual Reports, Incident Reports, and Safety-Related Condition Reports), 49 CFR Part 192 (Transportation of Natural and Other Gas by Pipeline: Minimum Federal Safety Standards), and 49 CFR Part 195 (Transportation of Hazardous Liquids by Pipeline). 
 
 We are required to provide natural gas service and grant credit (with applicable deposit requirements) to customers within our service territory. We are generally not allowed to discontinue natural gas service during winter moratorium months to residential heating customers who do not pay their bills. Federal and certain state governments have programs that provide for a limited amount of funding for assistance to our low-income customers. 
 
 Compliance Costs 
 
 The regulations and oversight described above significantly influence our operating environment, and may cause us to incur compliance and other related costs and may affect our ability to recover these costs from our utility customers. Any anticipated capital expenditures for compliance with government regulations for the next three years are included in the estimated capital expenditures described in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements. 

D. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 
 
 Our operations, especially as they relate to our coal-fired generating facilities, are subject to extensive environmental regulation by state and federal environmental agencies governing air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste management, environmental remediation, and management of natural resources. Costs associated with complying with these requirements are significant. Additional future environmental regulations or revisions to existing laws, including for example, additional regulation related to GHG emissions, coal combustion products, air emissions, water use, or wastewater discharges and other climate change issues, could significantly increase these environmental compliance costs. 
 
 Anticipated expenditures for environmental compliance and certain remediation issues for the next three years are included in the estimated capital expenditures described in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements. For a discussion of certain environmental matters affecting us, including rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, land quality, and climate change, see Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies. 

E. HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 We believe our employees are among our most important resources, so investing in human capital is critical to our success. We strive to foster a diverse workforce and inclusive workplace; attract, retain and develop talented personnel; and keep our employees safe and healthy. 
 
 WEC Energy Group's Board of Directors retains collective responsibility for comprehensive risk oversight of WEC Energy Group and its subsidiaries, including critical areas that could impact our sustainability, such as human capital. Management regularly reports to WEC Energy Group's Board of Directors on human capital management topics, including corporate culture, diversity, equity, and inclusion, employee development, and safety and health. WEC Energy Group's Board of Directors delegates specified duties to its committees. In addition to its responsibilities relative to executive compensation, the Compensation Committee has oversight responsibility for reviewing organizational matters that could significantly impact us, including succession planning. The Compensation Committee reviews recruiting and development programs and priorities, receives updates on key talent, and assesses workforce diversity across WEC Energy Group and its subsidiaries. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 14 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Workforce 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,451 employees, including 1,905 that are represented under union agreements. We believe we have very good overall relations with our workforce. In order to attract and retain talent, we provide competitive wages and benefits to our employees based on their performance, role, location, and market data. Our compensation package also includes a 401(k) savings plan with an employer match, an annual incentive plan based on meeting company goals, healthcare and insurance benefits, vacation and paid time off days, as well as other benefits. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to fostering a diverse workforce and inclusive workplace. Our commitment is a core strategic competency and an integral part of our culture. As of December 31, 2022, women and racial minorities represented approximately 26 and 19 , respectively, of our workforce. WEC Energy Group has a number of initiatives that promote diverse workforce contributions, educate employees about diversity, equity, and inclusion, and ensure its companies, including us, are attractive employers for persons of diverse backgrounds. These initiatives include nine business resource groups (voluntary, employee-led groups organized around a particular shared background or interest), mentoring programs, and training for leaders on countering unconscious bias, building inclusive teams, and preventing workplace harassment. We also support external leadership and educational programs that support, train, and promote women and minorities in the communities we serve. 
 
 Safety and Health 
 
 WEC Energy Group's Executive Safety Committee directs our safety and health strategy, works to ensure consistency across groups, and reinforces our ongoing safety commitment that we refer to as Target Zero. Under our Target Zero commitment, we have an ultimate goal of zero incidents, accidents, and injuries. Our corporate safety program provides a forum for addressing employee concerns, training employees and contractors on current safety standards, and recognizing those who demonstrate a safety focus. We monitor and set goals for Occupational Safety and Health Administration lost-time incidents and days away, restricted or transferred metrics, as well as leading indicators, which together raise awareness about employee safety and guide injury-prevention activities. 
 
 We also provide employees various benefits and resources designed to promote healthy living, both at work and at home. We encourage employees to receive preventive examinations and to proactively care for their health through free health screenings, wellness challenges, and other resources. 
 
 Development and Training 
 
 Employee training and development of both technical and leadership skills are integral aspects of our human capital strategy. We provide employees with a wide range of development opportunities, including online training, simulations, live classes, and mentoring to assist with their career advancement. These programs include safety and technical job skill training as well as soft-skill programs focused on relevant subjects, including communication and change management. Development of leadership skills remains a top priority and is specialized for all levels of employees. We have specific leadership programs for aspiring leaders and new supervisors, managers, and directors. This development of our employees is an integral part of our succession planning and provides continuity for our senior leadership. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 15 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 We are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control, that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information included in this report and other documents filed by us with the SEC from time to time, when making an investment decision. 
 
 Risks Related to Legislation and Regulation 
 
 Our business is significantly impacted by governmental regulation and oversight. 
 
 We are subject to significant state, local, and federal governmental regulations, including regulations by the PSCW and the FERC. These regulations significantly influence our operating environment, may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers, and cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs. Changes in regulations, interpretations of regulations, or the imposition of new regulations could also significantly impact us, including requiring us to change our business operations. Many aspects of our operations are regulated and impacted by government regulation, including, but not limited to: the rates we charge our retail electric, natural gas, and steam customers; our authorized rate of return; construction and operation of electric generating facilities and electric and natural gas distribution systems, including the ability to recover such costs; decommissioning generating facilities, the ability to recover the related costs, and continuing to recover the return on the net book value of these facilities; wholesale power service practices; electric reliability requirements and accounting; participation in the interstate natural gas pipeline capacity market; standards of service; issuance of securities; short-term debt obligations; transactions with affiliates; and billing practices. Failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations may lead to customer refunds, penalties, and other payments, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The rates we are allowed to charge our customers for retail and wholesale services have the most significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Rate regulation provides us an opportunity to recover prudently incurred costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. However, our ability to obtain rate adjustments in the future is dependent upon regulatory action, and there is no assurance that our regulators will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred. In addition, our rate proceedings may not always result in rates that fully recover our costs or provide for a reasonable ROE. We defer certain costs and revenues as regulatory assets and liabilities for future recovery from or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. Future recovery of regulatory assets is not assured and is subject to review and approval by our regulators. If recovery of regulatory assets is not approved or is no longer deemed probable, these costs would be recognized in current period expense and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 
 We believe we have obtained the necessary permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses for our existing operations, have complied in all material respects with all of their associated terms, and that our business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. These permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses may be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued. In addition, discharge permits and other approvals and licenses are often granted for a term that is less than the expected life of the associated facility. Licenses and permits may require periodic renewal, which may result in additional requirements being imposed by the granting agency. In addition, existing regulations may be revised or reinterpreted by federal, state, and local agencies, or these agencies may adopt new laws and regulations that apply to us. We cannot predict the impact on our business and operating results of any such actions by these agencies. 
 
 If we are unable to recover costs of complying with regulations or other associated costs in customer rates in a timely manner, or if we are unable to obtain, renew, or comply with these governmental permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, or licenses, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We face significant costs to comply with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to extensive and evolving federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations, and permit requirements related to, among other things, air emissions (including, but not limited to: CO 2, methane, mercury, SO 2 , and NOx), protection of natural resources, water quality, wastewater discharges, and management of hazardous and toxic substances and solid wastes and soils. For example, the EPA adopted and implemented (or is in the process of implementing) regulations governing the emission of NOx, ozone, fine particulates, and other air pollutants under the CAA through the NAAQS, climate change regulations, NSPS for GHG emissions from new, modified, and reconstructed fossil-fueled power plants, and other air quality regulations. The EPA also finalized regulations under the Clean Water Act that govern cooling water intake structures at our power plants, revised the 
 2022 Form 10-K 16 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 effluent guidelines for steam electric generating plants, and along with the United States Army Corps of Engineers, released a final rule revising the definition of WOTUS that may impact projects requiring federal permits. Several of these rules are being challenged or reviewed by agencies under the Biden Administration's Executive Order 13990, which creates additional uncertainty. As a result of these challenges and reviews, existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws or regulations may be adopted at the federal, state, or local level. 
 
 We incur significant capital and operating resources to comply with environmental laws, regulations, and requirements, including costs associated with the installation of pollution control equipment; operating restrictions on our facilities; and environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at our facilities. The operation of emission control equipment and compliance with rules regulating our intake and discharge of water could also increase our operating costs and reduce the generating capacity of our power plants. These regulations may create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission allowances and could affect the availability and/or cost of fossil fuels and our ability to continue operating certain generating units. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations, and requirements, even if caused by factors beyond our control, may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines. We continue to assess the potential cost of complying, and to explore different alternatives in order to comply, with these and other environmental regulations. 
 
 As a result of these compliance costs and other factors, certain of our coal-fired electric generating facilities have become uneconomical to maintain and operate, which has resulted in these units being retired or converted to an alternative type of fuel. As part of WEC Energy Group's commitment to a cleaner energy future, we have already retired approximately 1,500 MW of coal-fired generation since the beginning of 2018. Under the ESG Progress Plan, WEC Energy Group expects to retire approximately 1,600 MW of additional fossil-fueled generation by the end of 2026, and plans to replace a portion of the retired capacity by building and owning zero-carbon-emitting renewable generation facilities. We continue to evaluate the conversion of certain coal units to natural gas. 
 
 We are also subject to significant liabilities related to the investigation and remediation of environmental impacts at certain of our current and former facilities and at third-party owned sites. We accrue liabilities and defer costs (recorded as regulatory assets) incurred in connection with our former manufactured gas plant sites. These costs include all costs incurred to date that we expect to recover, management's best estimates of future costs for investigation and remediation and related legal expenses, and are net of amounts recovered (or that may be recovered) from insurance or other third parties. Due to the potential for the imposition of stricter standards and greater regulation in the future, the possibility that other potentially responsible parties may not be willing or financially able to contribute to cleanup costs, a change in conditions or the discovery of additional contamination, our remediation costs could increase, and the timing of our capital and/or operating expenditures in the future may accelerate or could vary from the amounts currently accrued. 
 
 Litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental laws and regulations, occurs frequently throughout the United States. This litigation has included claims for damages alleged to have been caused by GHG and other emissions and exposure to regulated substances and/or requests for injunctive relief in connection with such matters. In addition to claims relating to our current facilities, we may also be subject to potential liability in connection with the environmental condition of facilities that we previously owned and operated, regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during, or after the time we owned or operated these facilities. If we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or cause (or caused) harm to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil penalties and damages against us. The incurrence of a material environmental liability or a material judgment in any action for personal injury or property damage related to environmental matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In the event we are not able to recover all of our environmental expenditures and related costs from our customers in the future, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, increased costs recovered through rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity and natural gas, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 
 Our operations, capital expenditures, and financial results may be affected by the impact of greenhouse gas legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals. 
 
 There is continued scientific and political attention to issues concerning the existence and extent of climate change. Management expects this attention to continue since climate change is one of President Biden's primary initiatives, with significant actions being taken by his administration with more expected to follow. As a result, we expect the EPA and states to adopt and implement additional regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs. There have also been increasing efforts to introduce and adopt electrification 
 2022 Form 10-K 17 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 initiatives and/or mandates and other efforts to reduce the use of natural gas. In addition, there is increasing activism from other stakeholders, including institutional investors and other sources of financing, to accelerate the transition to lower GHG emissions. 
 
 Costs associated with such legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals could be significant. GHG regulations that may be adopted in the future, at either the federal or state level, or other necessary changes to WEC Energy Group's ESG Progress Plan, may cause our environmental compliance spending to differ materially from the amounts currently estimated. There is no guarantee that we will be allowed to fully recover costs incurred to comply with these and other federal and state regulations or that cost recovery will not be delayed or otherwise conditioned. These regulations, as well as changes in the fuel markets and advances in technology, could make additional electric generating units uneconomic to maintain or operate, may impact how we operate our existing fossil-fueled power plants and biomass facility, and could cause us to retire and replace units earlier than planned under the ESG Progress Plan, which could lead to a possible loss on abandonment and reduced revenues. 
 
 In addition, our natural gas delivery systems may generate fugitive gas as a result of normal operations and as a result of excavation, construction, and repair. Fugitive gas typically vents to the atmosphere and consists primarily of methane. CO 2 is also a byproduct of natural gas consumption. Certain states outside our service territories have passed legislation banning natural gas used in new construction in order to limit these GHG emissions. Future local, statewide, or nationwide actions like these to regulate GHG emissions could increase the price of natural gas, restrict the use of natural gas, cause us to accelerate the replacement and/or updating of our natural gas delivery systems, and adversely affect our ability to operate our natural gas facilities. A significant increase in the price of natural gas may increase rates for our natural gas customers, which could reduce natural gas demand. 
 
 The adoption of electrification initiatives and/or mandates could result in a further reduction in natural gas demand and revenue, as well as an increase in electrical demand and increased investment costs for existing or new electrical systems. These types of initiatives and/or mandates could result in increased costs associated with permitting and siting of new technologies and delayed installation and start-up timelines. In addition, financial investments in older carbon intensive technologies may not be fully realized. 
 
 WEC Energy Group has set goals to achieve reductions in carbon emissions from its electric generation fleet by 60 by the end of 2025 and by 80 by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. Over the longer term, the target for WEC Energy Group's generation fleet is net-zero CO 2 emissions by 2050. WEC Energy Group also believes it will be in a position to eliminate coal as an energy source by the end of 2035. 
 
 We continue to monitor the financial and operational feasibility of taking more aggressive action to further reduce GHG emissions in order to limit future global temperature increases. Through its ESG Progress Plan, WEC Energy Group continues to reduce methane emissions by improving its natural gas distribution systems. WEC Energy Group set a target across its natural gas distribution operations to achieve net-zero methane emissions by the end of 2030. 
 
 The ability to achieve these reductions in CO 2 and methane emissions depends on many external factors, including the ability to make operating refinements, the retirement of less efficient generating units, the development of relevant energy technologies, the use of RNG throughout our natural gas utility systems, and the ability to execute WEC Energy Group's capital plan. These efforts could impact how we operate our electric generating units and natural gas facilities and lead to increased competition and regulation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in tax legislation, IRS audits, or our inability to use certain tax benefits and carryforwards, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our credit ratings. 
 
 Tax legislation and regulations can adversely affect, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, and credit ratings. Future changes to corporate tax rates or policies, including under Treasury Regulations and guidance issued in connection with the IRA, could require us to take material charges against earnings. Such changes include, among other things, increasing the federal corporate income tax rate, disallowing use of certain tax benefits and carryforwards, limiting interest deductions, and altering the expensing of capital expenditures. Our inability to manage these changes, an adverse determination by one of the applicable taxing jurisdictions, or additional interpretations, implementing regulations, amendments, or technical corrections by the Treasury Department, the IRS, or state income tax authorities, could significantly impact our financial results and cash flows. 
 
 We have significantly reduced our federal and state income tax liabilities in the past through tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions. A reduction in or disallowance of these tax benefits could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. We have not fully used these allowed tax benefits in our previous tax filings and have carried them forward to use against 
 2022 Form 10-K 18 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 future taxable income. Our inability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully use these tax carryforwards before they expire, or to transfer future tax credits as discussed below, could significantly affect our tax obligations and financial results. 
 
 In addition, we have invested, and plan to continue to invest, in renewable energy generating facilities. These facilities generate PTCs or ITCs that we can use to reduce our federal tax obligations. The recently passed IRA may also allow us to transfer some of these future credits to third parties at a discounted value. We are still awaiting Treasury guidance on how and when we are allowed to transfer these credits. The amount of tax credits we earn depends on available government incentives and policies, the amount of electricity produced, the applicable tax credit rate, or the amount of the investment in qualifying property. In addition, a variety of operating and economic factors, including transmission constraints, adverse weather conditions, and breakdown or failure of equipment, could significantly reduce the PTCs generated by the renewable projects we have invested in, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. The imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, or other assessments related to renewable energy projects as well as any reductions or eliminations of tax credits or other governmental incentives that promote renewable energy generating facilities may limit our ability to make further investments in renewable energy generating facilities or reduce the returns on our existing investments. 
 
 We are also uncertain as to how credit rating agencies, capital markets, the FERC, or state public utility commissions will treat any future changes to federal or state tax legislation. These impacts could subject us to credit rating downgrades. In addition, certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted by changes in federal or state income tax legislation. 
 
 We could be subject to higher costs and penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards. 
 
 We are subject to mandatory reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and enforced by the FERC. The critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cyber security assets. Compliance with the mandatory reliability standards could subject us to higher operating costs. If we are found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, or damage to our reputation. 
 
 Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business 
 
 Public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, could adversely affect our business functions, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 
 
 Public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, and any related government responses may adversely impact the economy and financial markets and could have a variety of adverse impacts on us, including a decrease in revenues; increased bad debt expense; increases in past due accounts receivable balances; and access to the capital markets at unreasonable terms or rates. 
 
 Public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, and any related government responses could also impair our ability to develop, construct, and operate facilities. Risks include extended disruptions to supply chains and inflation, resulting in increased costs for labor, materials, and services, which could adversely impact our ability to implement our corporate strategy. We may also be adversely impacted by labor disruptions and productivity as a result of infections, employee attrition, and a reduced ability to replace departing employees as a result of employees who leave or forego employment to avoid any required precautionary measures. 
 
 Despite our efforts to manage the impacts of public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, that may occur in the future, the extent to which they may affect us depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control. As a result, we are unable to determine the potential impact any such public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, may have on our business plans and operations, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to risks arising from the reliability of our electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas infrastructure facilities, renewable energy facilities, and other facilities, as well as the reliability of third-party transmission providers. 
 
 Our financial performance depends on the successful operation of our electric generation, natural gas and electric distribution facilities, and renewable energy facilities. The operation of these facilities involves many risks, including operator error and the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 19 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Potential breakdown or failure may occur due to severe weather (i.e., storms, tornadoes, floods, droughts, etc.); catastrophic events (i.e., fires, earthquakes, and explosions); public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics; significant changes in water levels in waterways; fuel supply or transportation disruptions; accidents; employee labor disputes; construction delays or cost overruns; shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material, and/or labor; performance below expected levels; operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; terrorist or other physical attacks; or cyber security intrusions. Any of these events could lead to substantial financial losses, including increased maintenance costs, and unanticipated capital expenditures. Because our electric generation and renewable energy facilities are interconnected with third-party transmission facilities, the operation of our facilities could also be adversely affected by events impacting their systems. Unplanned outages at our power plants may reduce our revenues, cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses. 
 
 Insurance, warranties, performance guarantees, or recovery through the regulatory process may not cover any or all of these lost revenues or increased expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our natural gas operations depend upon the availability of adequate interstate pipeline transportation capacity and natural gas. 
 
 We purchase almost all of our natural gas supply from interstate sources that must be transported to the applicable service territories. Interstate pipeline companies transport the natural gas to our natural gas systems under firm service agreements that are designed to meet the requirements of our core markets. A significant disruption to interstate pipelines capacity or reduction in natural gas supply due to events including, but not limited to, operational failures or disruptions, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, freeze off of natural gas wells, terrorist or physical attacks, cyberattacks, other acts of war, or legislative or regulatory actions or requirements, including remediation related to integrity inspections or regulations and laws enacted to address climate change, could reduce the normal interstate supply of natural gas and thereby significantly disrupt our operations and/or reduce earnings. For example, in December 2022, the Guardian Pipeline experienced a significant equipment failure, which limited the amount of natural gas that it could send us. Moreover, if additional natural gas infrastructure, including, but not limited to, exploration and drilling rigs and platforms, processing and gathering systems, offshore pipelines, interstate pipelines and storage, cannot be built at a pace that meets demand, then growth opportunities could be limited. 
 
 Our operations are subject to various conditions that can result in fluctuations in energy sales to customers, including customer growth and general economic conditions in our service area, varying weather conditions, and energy conservation efforts. 
 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are affected by the demand for electricity and natural gas, which can vary greatly based upon: 
 
 Fluctuations in customer growth and general economic conditions in our service area. Customer growth and energy use can be negatively impacted by population declines as well as economic factors in our service territory, including workforce reductions, stagnant wage growth, changing levels of support from state and local government for economic development, business closings, and reductions in the level of business investment. We are impacted by economic cycles and the competitiveness of the commercial and industrial customers we serve. Any economic downturn, disruption of financial markets, or reduced incentives by state government for economic development could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products or services. These risks could directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas as well as the need for additional power generation and generating facilities. We could also be exposed to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs if customers are unable to pay their bills. 
 Weather conditions . Demand for electricity is greater in the summer and winter months when cooling and heating is necessary. In addition, demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. As a result, our overall results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, milder temperatures during the summer cooling season and during the winter heating season may result in lower revenues and net income. 
 Our customers' continued focus on energy conservation . Our customers' use of electricity and natural gas has decreased as a result of continued individual conservation efforts, including the use of more energy efficient technologies. Customers could also voluntarily reduce their consumption of energy in response to decreases in their disposable income and increases in energy prices. Conservation of energy can be influenced by certain federal and state programs that are intended to influence how consumers use energy. For example, several states, including Wisconsin, have adopted energy efficiency targets to reduce energy consumption. 
 
 As part of our planning process, we estimate the impacts of changes in customer growth and general economic conditions, weather, and customer energy conservation efforts, but risks still remain. Any of these matters, as well as any regulatory delay in adjusting 
 2022 Form 10-K 20 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 rates as a result of reduced sales from effective conservation measures or the adoption of new technologies, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our operations are subject to the effects of global climate change. 
 
 A changing climate creates uncertainty and could result in broad changes, both physical and financial in nature, to our service territory. 
 
 If climate changes occur that result in extreme temperatures in our service territory, our financial results could be adversely impacted by lower electric and natural gas usage and higher natural gas costs. An extreme weather event could result in downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment, which could result in us incurring significant restoration costs and foregoing sales of electricity and lost revenues. An extreme weather event could also cause the cost of gas purchased for our natural gas utility customers and for the use of fuel at our generation facilities to be temporarily driven significantly higher than our normal winter weather expectations. Although we have regulatory mechanisms in place for recovering all prudently incurred natural gas costs, regulatory commissions could disallow recovery or order the refund of any costs determined to be imprudent. 
 
 In addition, our operations could be adversely affected and our facilities placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, which could result in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, such as wind storms, floods, tornadoes, snow and ice storms, or abnormal levels of precipitation. Extreme weather may result in unexpected increases in customer load, requiring us to procure additional power at wholesale prices for our retail operations, unpredictable curtailment of customer load by MISO to maintain grid reliability, or other grid reliability issues. Any of these events could lead to substantial financial losses including increased maintenance costs and unanticipated capital expenditures. The cost of storm restoration efforts may also not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process. 
 
 Our corporate strategy may be impacted by policy and legal, technology, market, and reputational risks and opportunities that are associated with the transition to lower GHG emissions. In addition, changes in policy to combat climate change, including mitigation and adaptation efforts, and technology advancement, each of which can also accelerate the implications of a transition to lower emissions, may materially adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows through significant capital expenditures and investments in renewable generation. 
 
 Our operations and future results may be impacted by changing expectations and demands of our customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders, including heightened emphasis on environmental, social and governance concerns. 
 
 Our ability to execute WEC Energy Group's strategy and achieve anticipated financial outcomes are influenced by the expectations of our customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders. Those expectations are based in part on the core fundamentals of affordability and reliability but are also increasingly focused on our ability to meet rapidly changing demands for new and varied products, services, and offerings. Additionally, the risks of global climate change continues to shape our customers sustainability goals and energy needs, as well as the investment and financing criteria of investors. Failure to meet these increasing expectations or to adequately address the risks and external pressures from regulators, customers, investors, and other stakeholders may impact our reputation and affect our ability to achieve favorable outcomes in future rate cases or our results of operations. Furthermore, the increasing use of social media may accelerate and increase the potential scope of negative publicity we might receive and could increase the negative impact on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. As it relates to electric generation, a diversified fleet with increasingly clean generation resources may facilitate more efficient financing and lower costs. Conversely, jurisdictions utilizing more carbon-intensive generation such as coal may experience difficulty attracting certain investors and obtaining the most economical financing terms available. Furthermore, with this heightened emphasis on environmental, social, and governance concerns, and climate change in particular, there is an increased risk of litigation. 
 
 Our operations and corporate strategy may be adversely affected by supply chain disruptions and inflation. 
 
 Our business is dependent on the global supply chain to ensure that equipment, materials, and other resources are available to both expand and maintain services in a safe and reliable manner. Current domestic and global supply chain disruptions are delaying the delivery, and in some cases resulting in shortages of, materials, equipment, and other resources that are critical to our business operations. Failure to eliminate or manage the constraints in the supply chain may eventually impact the availability of items that are necessary to support normal operations as well as materials that are required to implement our corporate strategy for continued infrastructure growth, including our renewable energy projects. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 21 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, prices of equipment, materials, and other resources have increased recently as a result of these supply chain disruptions and may continue to increase in the future, as a result of inflation. Increases in inflation raise our costs for labor, materials, and services, and failure to secure these resources on economically acceptable terms, as well as any regulatory delay in adjusting rates to account for increased costs, may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are actively involved with multiple significant capital projects, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect project costs and completion of construction projects. 
 
 Our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. We also expect to continue constructing and investing in renewable energy generating facilities as part of WEC Energy Group's ESG Progress Plan, including repowering existing wind generation projects in our generation portfolio. 
 
 Achieving the intended benefits of any large construction project is subject to many uncertainties, some of which we will have limited or no control over, that could adversely affect project costs and completion time. Supply chain disruptions, including solar panel shortages and increasing material costs as a result of government tariffs and other factors, could impact the timing of completion of our renewable projects. Additional risks include, but are not limited to, the ability to adhere to established budgets and time frames; the availability of labor or materials at estimated costs; the ability of contractors to perform under their contracts; strikes; adverse weather conditions; potential legal challenges; changes in applicable laws or regulations; rising interest rates; the impact of public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics; other governmental actions; continued public and policymaker support for such projects; and events in the global economy. In addition, certain of these projects require the approval of the PSCW. If construction of commission-approved projects should materially and adversely deviate from the schedules, estimates, and/or projections on which the approval was based, our regulators may deem the additional capital costs as imprudent and disallow recovery of them through rates, and otherwise available PTCs and ITCs for renewable energy projects could be lost or lose value. 
 
 To the extent that delays occur, costs become unrecoverable, tax credits are lost or lose value, or we (or third parties with whom we invest and/or partner) otherwise become unable to effectively manage and complete our (or their) capital projects, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our operations are subject to risks beyond our control, including but not limited to, cyber security intrusions, terrorist or other physical attacks, acts of war, or unauthorized access to personally identifiable information. 
 
 We have been subject to attempted cyber attacks from time to time, and will likely continue to be subject to such attempted attacks; however, these prior attacks have not had a material impact on our system or business operations. Despite the implementation of security measures, all assets and systems are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to physical or cyber security intrusions caused by human error, vendor bugs, terrorist or other physical attacks (including potential attacks on our substations and other electric distribution equipment), acts of war, or other malicious acts. These threats could result in a full or partial disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, purchase, or distribute electricity or natural gas or cause environmental repercussions. If our assets or systems were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached, and were not recovered in a timely manner, we may be unable to perform critical business functions, and data, including sensitive information, could be compromised. 
 
 We operate in an industry that requires the use of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which control an interconnected system of generation, distribution, and transmission systems shared with third parties. A successful physical or cyber security intrusion may occur despite our security measures or those that we require our vendors to take, which include compliance with reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection standards. Successful cyber security intrusions, including those targeting the electronic control systems used at our generating facilities and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution systems, could disrupt our operations and result in loss of service to customers. Attacks may come through ransomware, software updates or patches, or firmware that hackers can manipulate. These intrusions may cause unplanned outages at our power plants, which may reduce our revenues or cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses. The risk of such intrusions may also increase our capital and operating costs as a result of having to implement increased security measures for protection of our information technology and infrastructure. 
 
 Our continued efforts to integrate, consolidate, and streamline our operations have also resulted in increased reliance on current and recently completed projects for technology systems. We implement procedures to protect our systems, but we cannot guarantee that the procedures we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data and systems are 
 2022 Form 10-K 22 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 adequate to safeguard against all security breaches. The failure of any of these or other similarly important technologies, or our inability to support, update, expand, and/or integrate these technologies with those of our affiliates could materially and adversely impact our operations, diminish customer confidence and our reputation, materially increase the costs we incur to protect against these risks, and subject us to possible financial liability or increased regulation or litigation. 
 
 Our business requires the collection and retention of personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, who expect that we will adequately protect such information. Security breaches may expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information. A significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of personally identifiable information may lead to potentially large costs to notify and protect the impacted persons, and/or could cause us to become subject to significant litigation, costs, liability, fines, or penalties, any of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations as well as our reputation with customers and regulators, among others. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs associated with governmental actions in response to such intrusions or to strengthen our information and electronic control systems. We may also need to obtain additional insurance coverage related to the threat of such intrusions. 
 
 Threats to our systems and operations continue to emerge as new ways to compromise components into our systems or networks are developed. Any operational disruption or environmental repercussions caused by on-going or future threats to our assets and technology systems could result in a significant decrease in our revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The costs of repairing damage to our facilities, operational disruptions, protecting personally identifiable information, and notifying impacted persons, as well as related legal claims, may also not be recoverable in rates, may exceed the insurance limits on our insurance policies, or, in some cases, may not be covered by insurance. 
 
 Advances in technology, and legislation or regulations supporting such technology, could make our electric generating facilities less competitive and may impact the demand for natural gas. 
 
 Advances in new technologies that produce or store power or reduce power consumption are ongoing and include renewable energy technologies, customer-oriented generation, energy storage devices, and energy efficiency technologies. We generate power at central station power plants and utility-scale renewable generation facilities to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. Distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, solar cells, and related energy storage devices, have technologically improved and have become more cost competitive than they were in the past. Recently, the PSCW issued a declaratory ruling finding that a third-party financed DER is not a public utility under Wisconsin law. A second petition is also being considered. Although the finding in the first petition was limited to the specific facts and circumstances of the lease presented in that petition, similar findings or a broader policy position could adversely impact our business operations. 
 
 Recently enacted legislation, including the IRA and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, promotes the construction and cost-effectiveness of renewable energy generation, including distributed generation technologies, for self-supply of electricity by our customers and third parties. This legislation also incentivizes modernization of the electric distribution grid to, among other things, accommodate two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect to these distributed generation technologies. Other legislation or regulations could be adopted supporting the use of these technologies at below cost or that permit third-party sales from such facilities, and allow these facilities to interconnect to our distribution system. There is also a risk that advances in technology will continue to reduce the costs of these alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of central station and utility-scale renewable power production. 
 
 We cannot predict the effect that development of alternative energy sources or new technology may have on our natural gas operations, including whether subsidies of alternative energy sources by local, state, and federal governments might be expanded, or what impact this might have on the supply of or the demand for natural gas. 
 
 If these technologies become more cost competitive and achieve economies of scale, our market share could be eroded, and the value of our generating facilities and natural gas distribution systems could be reduced. Advances in technology, or changes in legislation or regulations, could also change the channels through which our customers purchase or use power and natural gas, which could reduce our sales and revenues or increase our expenses. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 23 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 We transport and distribute natural gas, which involves numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs. 
 
 Inherent in natural gas distribution activities are a variety of hazards and operational risks, such as leaks, accidental explosions, and mechanical problems, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, these risks could result in serious injury to employees and non-employees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, and substantial losses to us. The location of natural gas pipelines near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. These activities may subject us to litigation and/or administrative proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, or be resolved on unfavorable terms. 
 
 We may fail to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce. 
 
 We operate in an industry that requires many of our employees to possess unique technical skill sets. Events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. These operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. Failure to hire and obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. If we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our counterparties may fail to meet their obligations, including obligations under power purchase, natural gas supply, natural gas pipeline capacity, and transportation agreements. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to various arrangements who owe us money, electricity, natural gas, or other commodities or services will not be able to perform their obligations. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform or if capacity is inadequate, we may be required to replace the underlying commitment at current market prices or we may be unable to meet all of our customers' electric and natural gas requirements unless or until alternative supply arrangements are put in place. In such event, we may incur losses, and our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have entered into several power purchase, natural gas supply, natural gas pipeline capacity, and transportation agreements with non-affiliated companies. Revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the counterparties of their obligations under these agreements. Although we have a comprehensive credit evaluation process and contractual protections, it is possible that one or more counterparties could fail to perform their obligations. If this were to occur, we generally would expect that any operating and other costs that were initially allocated to a defaulting customer's power purchase, natural gas supply, natural gas pipeline capacity, or transportation agreement would be reallocated among our retail customers. To the extent these costs are not allowed to be reallocated by our regulators or there is any regulatory delay in adjusting rates, a counterparty default under these agreements could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Economic and Market Volatility 
 
 Our business is dependent on our ability to successfully access capital markets on competitive terms and rates. 
 
 We rely on access to credit and capital markets to support our capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. We have historically secured funds from a variety of sources, including the issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities. In addition, we rely on a committed bank credit agreement as back-up liquidity, which allows us to access the low cost commercial paper markets. Successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the capital markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. Interest rates may increase in the future, which may affect our results of operations and our ability to earn our approved rate of return. Rising interest rates may also impair our ability to cost-effectively finance capital expenditures and to refinance maturing debt. 
 
 Our access to the credit and capital markets could be limited, or our cost of capital significantly increased, due to any of the following risks and uncertainties: 
 
 A rating downgrade; 
 2022 Form 10-K 24 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to comply with debt covenants; 
 An economic downturn or uncertainty; 
 Prevailing market conditions and rules; 
 Concerns over foreign economic conditions; 
 Changes in tax policy; 
 Changes in investment criteria of institutional investors or banks, including any policies that would limit or restrict funding for companies with fossil fuel-related investments; 
 War or the threat of war; 
 The overall health and view of the utility and financial institution industries; and 
 The replacement of LIBOR with SOFR or other alternative reference rate. 
 
 LIBOR is the subject of national, international, and other regulatory reform, which is expected to cause LIBOR to cease to exist after June 2023. Various alternative reference rates are being evaluated by market participants, with SOFR being the most widely adopted alternative to date. Although we cannot predict the consequences of transitioning to SOFR or other alternative reference rate, they could include an increase in our interest expense. 
 
 If any of these risks or uncertainties limit our access to the credit and capital markets or significantly increase our cost of capital, it could limit our ability to implement, or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or require the posting of collateral. 
 
 There are a number of factors that impact our credit ratings, including, but not limited to, capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other requirements for capital. We could experience a downgrade in ratings if the rating agencies determine that our level of business or financial risk, or that of the utility industry, has deteriorated. Changes in rating methodologies by the rating agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings. 
 
 Any downgrade by the rating agencies could: 
 
 Increase borrowing costs under our existing credit facility; 
 Require the payment of higher interest rates in future financings and possibly reduce the pool of creditors; 
 Decrease funding sources by limiting our access to the commercial paper market; 
 Limit the availability of adequate credit support for our operations; and 
 Trigger collateral requirements in various contracts. 
 
 Fluctuating commodity prices could negatively impact our electric and natural gas utility operations. 
 
 Our operating and liquidity requirements are impacted by changes in the forward and current market prices of natural gas, coal, electricity, renewable energy credits, and ancillary services. 
 
 We burn natural gas in several of our electric generation plants and as a supplemental fuel at several coal-fired plants. In many instances the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. The cost of natural gas has increased, and may continue to increase because of disruptions in the supply of natural gas due to a curtailment in production or distribution, international market conditions, the demand for natural gas, and the availability of shale gas and potential regulations and/or other government action affecting its accessibility. 
 
 For Wisconsin retail electric customers, we bear the risk for the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs within a symmetrical 2 fuel tolerance band compared to the forecast of fuel and purchased power costs established in our rate structure. Prudently incurred fuel and purchased power costs are recovered dollar-for-dollar from our wholesale electric customers. We receive dollar-for-dollar recovery of prudently incurred natural gas costs from our natural gas customers. 
 
 Changes in commodity prices could result in: 
 
 Higher working capital requirements, particularly related to natural gas inventory, accounts receivable, and cash collateral postings; 
 2022 Form 10-K 25 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Reduced profitability to the extent that lower revenues, increased bad debt, and higher interest expense are not recovered through rates; 
 Higher rates charged to our customers, which could impact our competitive position; 
 Reduced demand for energy, which could impact revenues and operating expenses; and 
 Shutting down of generation facilities if the cost of generation exceeds the market price for electricity. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which could limit our ability to operate our coal-fired facilities. 
 
 We own, lease, and operate several coal-fired electric generating units. Although we generally carry sufficient coal inventory at our generating facilities to protect against an interruption or decline in supply, there can be no assurance that the inventory levels will be adequate. While we have coal supply and transportation contracts in place, we cannot assure that the counterparties to these agreements will be able to fulfill their obligations to supply coal to us or that we will be able to take delivery of all the coal volume contracted for. Coal deliveries may occasionally be restricted because of rail congestion and maintenance, derailments, weather, public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, and supplier financial hardship. Supplier financial hardship is a result of decreased demand for coal due to increased natural gas and renewable energy generation, the impact of environmental regulations, and environmental concerns related to coal-fired generation. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain our coal requirements under our coal supply and transportation contracts, we may be required to purchase coal at higher prices or we may be forced to reduce generation at our coal-fired units, which could lead to increased fuel costs. The increase in fuel costs could result in either reduced margins on net sales into the MISO Energy Markets, a reduction in the volume of net sales into the MISO Energy Markets, and/or an increase in net power purchases in the MISO Energy Markets. There is no guarantee that we would be able to fully recover any increased costs in rates or that recovery would not otherwise be delayed, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our use of derivative contracts could result in financial losses. 
 
 We use derivative instruments such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards to manage commodity price exposure. We could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market value of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. These risks are managed through risk management policies, which might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. In addition, although our hedging programs must be approved by the PSCW, derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes might not offset the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. Changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 
 
 Restructuring in the regulated energy industry and competition in the retail and wholesale markets could have a negative impact on our business and revenues. 
 
 The regulated energy industry continues to experience significant structural changes. Deregulation or other changes in law in the states where we serve our customers could allow third-party suppliers to contract directly with customers for their natural gas and electric supply requirements. In addition, legislation or regulation that supports distributed energy technologies or that allows third party sales from such technologies could result in further competition. This increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets could have a material adverse financial impact on us. 
 
 The FERC continues to support the existing RTOs that affect the structure of the wholesale market within these RTOs. In connection with its status as a FERC-approved RTO, MISO implemented bid-based energy markets that are part of the MISO Energy Markets. All market participants, including us, must submit day-ahead and/or real time bids and offers for energy at locations across the MISO region. MISO then calculates the most efficient solution for all of the bids and offers made into the market that day and establishes an LMP that reflects the market price for energy. We are required to follow MISO's instructions when dispatching generating units to support MISO's responsibility for maintaining the stability of the transmission system. MISO also implemented an ancillary services market for operating reserves that schedules energy and ancillary services at the same time as part of the energy market, allowing for more efficient use of generation assets in the MISO Energy Markets. These market designs continue to have the potential to increase the costs of transmission, the costs associated with inefficient generation dispatching, the costs of participation in the MISO Energy Markets, and the costs associated with estimated payment settlements. 
 
 The FERC rules related to transmission are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale electricity markets among regulated utilities, non-utility generators, wholesale power marketers, and brokers by providing greater flexibility and more choices to 
 2022 Form 10-K 26 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 wholesale customers, including initiatives designed to encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply. In addition, along with transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, financial laws and regulations impact hedging and trading based on futures contracts and derivatives that are traded on various commodities exchanges, as well as over-the-counter. Technology changes in the power and fuel industries also have significant impacts on wholesale transactions and related costs. We currently cannot predict the impact of these and other developments or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are driven by factors beyond our control. 
 
 Volatility in the securities markets, interest rates, changes in assumptions, market conditions, and other factors may impact the performance of our benefit plan holdings. 
 
 We have significant obligations related to pension and OPEB plans. If WEC Energy Group is unable to successfully manage our benefit plan assets and medical costs, our cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely impacted. Our cost of providing these plans is dependent upon a number of factors, including actual plan experience, changes made to the plans, and assumptions concerning the future. Types of assumptions include earnings on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation, estimated withdrawals by retirees, and our required or voluntary contributions to the plans. Plan assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield returns that fall below projected return rates. In addition, medical costs for both active and retired employees may increase at a rate that is significantly higher than we currently anticipate. Our funding requirements could be impacted by a decline in the market value of plan assets, changes in interest rates, changes in demographics (including the number of retirements), or changes in life expectancy assumptions. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 We may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses. 
 
 Our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, could be affected by developments affecting our business; international, national, state, or local events; and the financial condition of insurers and our contractors that are required to acquire and maintain insurance for our benefit. Insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at rates or terms similar to those presently available to us. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. Any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 27 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We own our principal properties outright. However, the major portion of our electric utility distribution lines, steam utility distribution mains and natural gas utility distribution mains and services are located on or under streets and highways, on land owned by others, and are generally subject to granted easements, consents, or permits. In addition, we lease the ERGS and PWGS generating units from We Power. 
 
 Electric Facilities 
 
 The following table summarizes information on generating assets we owned or leased from We Power as of December 31, 2022: 
 Name Location Fuel Number of Generating Units Capacity In MW (1) 
 Coal-fired plants ERGS Oak Creek, WI Coal 2 1,061 (2) 
 OCPP Oak Creek, WI Coal 4 1,086 Total coal-fired plants 6 2,147 Natural gas-fired plants Concord Watertown, WI Natural Gas/Oil 4 366 Germantown Germantown, WI Natural Gas/Oil 5 273 Paris Union Grove, WI Natural Gas/Oil 4 359 PWGS Port Washington, WI Natural Gas 2 1,228 VAPP Milwaukee, WI Natural Gas 2 267 Total natural gas-fired plants 17 2,493 Renewables Hydro plants (13 in number) WI and MI Hydro 30 49 (3) 
 Rothschild Biomass Plant Rothschild, WI Biomass 1 46 (4) 
 Wind sites (3 in number) WI Wind 198 337 Total renewables 229 432 Total system 252 5,072 
 
 (1) Capacity for our electric generation facilities, other than wind generating facilities, is based on rated capacity, which is the net power output under average operating conditions with equipment in an average state of repair as of a given month in a given year. Values are primarily based on the net dependable expected capacity ratings for summer 2023 established by tests and may change slightly from year to year. The summer period is the most relevant for capacity planning purposes. This is a result of continually reaching demand peaks in the summer months, primarily due to air conditioning demand. Capacity for wind generating facilities is based on nameplate capacity, which is the amount of energy a turbine should produce at optimal wind speeds. 
 
 (2) This facility is jointly owned by We Power and two other unaffiliated entities. Our share of capacity is equal to We Power's ownership interest of 83.34 . 
 
 (3) All of our hydroelectric facilities follow FERC guidelines and/or regulations. 
 
 (4) We have a biomass power plant that uses wood waste and wood shavings to produce electric power as well as steam to support the paper mill's operations. Fuel for the power plant is supplied by both the paper mill and through contracts with biomass suppliers. The plant also has the ability to burn natural gas if wood waste and wood shavings are not available. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated approximately 19,600 miles of overhead distribution lines and approximately 26,100 miles of underground distribution cable, as well as approximately 300 electric distribution substations and approximately 297,300 line transformers. 
 
 Natural Gas Facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our natural gas properties were located in three distinct service areas including west and south of the City of Milwaukee, the Appleton area, and areas within Iron and Vilas Counties, Wisconsin, and consisted of the following: 
 
 Approximately 13,000 miles of natural gas distribution mains, 
 2022 Form 10-K 28 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Approximately 423,100 natural gas lateral services, 
 Approximately 30 gas distribution gate stations, and 
 An LNG storage plant with a total send-out capability of 70,000 Dth per day. 
 
 Our natural gas distribution and gas storage systems included distribution mains connected to the pipeline transmission systems of ANR Pipeline Company, DTE Gas Company, Enbridge Gas Inc., Great Lakes Transmission Company, Guardian Pipeline L.L.C., Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, Northern Natural Gas Company, and Vector Pipeline. Our LNG storage plant converts and stores, in liquefied form, natural gas received during periods of low consumption. 
 
 We also own office buildings, natural gas regulating and metering stations, and major service centers, including garage and warehouse facilities, in certain communities we serve. Where distribution lines and services and natural gas distribution mains and services occupy private property, we have in some, but not all instances, obtained consents, permits or easements for these installations from the apparent owners or those in possession of those properties, generally without an examination of ownership records or title. 
 
 Steam Facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the steam system supplied by the VAPP consisted of approximately 40 miles of both high pressure and low pressure steam piping, approximately four miles of walkable tunnels, and other pressure regulating equipment. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The following should be read in conjunction with Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 23, Regulatory Environment, in this report for additional information on material legal proceedings and matters related to us. 
 
 In addition to those legal proceedings discussed Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 23, Regulatory Environment, and below, we are currently, and from time to time, subject to claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of these additional legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, after consultation with legal counsel, that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 Employee Retirement Savings Plan Matter 
 
 In May 2022, a putative class action, Munt, et al. v. WEC Energy Group, Inc., et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin - Milwaukee Division. The plaintiffs allege that WEC Energy Group, members of its Board of Directors, and others breached their fiduciary duties with respect to the operation and oversight of WEC Energy Group's Employee Retirement Saving Plan (the Plan in violation of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. The class is alleged to be participants in the Plan from May 10, 2016 through the date of judgment. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, damages, interest, costs, and attorneys' fees. WEC Energy Group is vigorously defending against the allegations made in this lawsuit and intends to continue to do so. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 29 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The names, ages, and positions of our executive officers are listed below along with their business experience during the past five years. All officers are appointed until their resignation, death, or removal pursuant to our Bylaws. There are no family relationships among these officers, nor is there any agreement or understanding between any officer and any other person pursuant to which the officer was selected. 
 
 Robert M. Garvin. Age 56. 
 WEC Energy Group Executive Vice President - External Affairs since June 2015. 
 WBS (a centralized service company of WEC Energy Group) Executive Vice President - External Affairs since January 2019. 
 WE Executive Vice President - External Affairs from June 2015 through December 2018. 
 
 William J. Guc. Age 53. 
 WEC Energy Group Controller since October 2015. Vice President since June 2015. 
 WE Vice President and Controller since October 2015. Assistant Corporate Secretary since January 2020. 
 
 Margaret C. Kelsey. Age 58. 
 WEC Energy Group Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel since January 2018. Executive Vice President from September 2017 to January 2018. 
 WE Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel since January 2018. Director since January 2018. 
 
 Scott J. Lauber. Age 57. 
 WEC Energy Group President and Chief Executive Officer since February 1, 2022. Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from June 2020 to January 31, 2022. Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2019 to June 2020. Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from February 2019 to October 2019. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from October 2018 to February 2019. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from April 2016 to October 2018. Director since February 1, 2022. 
 WE Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since February 1, 2022. President since January 1, 2022. Executive Vice President from June 2020 to December 31, 2021. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2019 to June 2020, and from April 2016 to October 2018. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from October 2018 to October 2019. Director since April 2016. 
 
 Xia Liu. Age 53. 
 WEC Energy Group Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 2020. 
 WE Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 2020. Director since June 2020. 
 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. Senior Advisor from April 2020 to May 2020. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from April 2019 to April 2020. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. is a public utility holding company whose operating subsidiaries provide electric and natural gas service to customers in parts of the South and Midwest. 
 Georgia Power Company Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from October 2017 to April 2019. Georgia Power Company is a utility subsidiary of The Southern Company that provides electric service to customers throughout Georgia. 
 
 William Mastoris. Age 59. 
 WBS (a centralized service company of WEC Energy Group) Executive Vice President Customer Service and Operations since December 2021. Vice President Supply Chain and Fleet from January 2019 through November 2021. Director since November 2021. 
 WE Executive Vice President Customer Service and Operations since December 2021. Vice President Supply Chain and Fleet from June 2015 through December 2018. Director since November 2021. 
 
 Anthony L. Reese. Age 41. 
 WEC Energy Group Vice President and Treasurer since October 2019. 
 WE Vice President and Treasurer since October 2019. 
 The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company Controller - Illinois from September 2015 to September 2019. 
 
 Certain executive officers also hold officer and/or director positions at WEC Energy Group's other significant subsidiaries. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 30 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 There is no established public trading market for our common stock, as WEC Energy Group owns all of our outstanding common stock. See Note 10, Common Equity, for more information. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 31 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 Introduction 
 
 We are a wholly owned subsidiary of WEC Energy Group, and derive revenues from the distribution and sale of electricity and natural gas to retail customers in Wisconsin. We also provide wholesale electric service to numerous utilities and cooperatives for resale. We conduct our business primarily through our utility reportable segment. See Note 19, Segment Information, for more information on our reportable business segments. 
 
 Corporate Strategy 
 
 Our goal is to continue to build and sustain long-term value for our customers and WEC Energy Group's shareholders by focusing on the fundamentals of our business: environmental stewardship; reliability; operating efficiency; financial discipline; exceptional customer care; and safety. WEC Energy Group's capital investment plan for efficiency, sustainability and growth, referred to as its ESG Progress Plan, provides a roadmap to achieve this goal. It is an aggressive plan to cut emissions, maintain superior reliability, deliver significant savings for customers, and grow WEC Energy Group's and our investment in the future of energy. 
 
 Throughout its strategic planning process, WEC Energy Group takes into account important developments, risks and opportunities, including new technologies, customer preferences and affordability, energy resiliency efforts, and sustainability. WEC Energy Group published the results of a priority sustainability issue assessment in 2020, identifying the issues that are most important to the company and its stakeholders over the short and long terms. This risk and priority assessment has formed WEC Energy Group's direction as a company. 
 
 Creating a Sustainable Future 
 
 WEC Energy Group's ESG Progress Plan includes the retirement of older, fossil-fueled generation, to be replaced with zero-carbon-emitting renewables and clean natural gas-fired generation at its electric utilities, including us. When taken together, the retirements and new investments should better balance supply with demand, while maintaining reliable, affordable energy for our customers. The retirements will contribute to meeting WEC Energy Group's and our goals to reduce CO 2 emissions from electric generation. 
 
 In May 2021, WEC Energy Group announced goals to achieve reductions in carbon emissions from its electric generation fleet by 60 by the end of 2025 and by 80 by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. WEC Energy Group expects to achieve these goals by making operating refinements, retiring less efficient generating units, and executing its capital plan. Over the longer term, the target for its generation fleet is net-zero CO 2 emissions by 2050. 
 
 As part of our path toward these goals, we are exploring co-firing with natural gas at our ERGS coal-fired units. By the end of 2030, WEC Energy Group expects to use coal as a backup fuel only, and WEC Energy Group believes it will be in a position to eliminate coal as an energy source by the end of 2035. 
 
 WEC Energy Group already has retired more than 1,800 MWs of coal-fired generation since the beginning of 2018, which included the 2019 retirement of the PIPP as well as the 2018 retirement of the Pleasant Prairie power plant. See Note 6, Regulatory Assets and Liabilities, for more information related to these power plant retirements. Through the ESG Progress Plan, WEC Energy Group expects to retire approximately 1,600 MW of additional fossil-fueled generation by the end of 2026, which includes the planned retirement in 2024-2025 of OCPP Units 5-8. See Note 7, Property, Plant, and Equipment, for more information related to the planned OCPP retirements. 
 
 In addition to retiring these older, fossil-fueled plants, WEC Energy Group expects to invest approximately 5.4 billion from 2023-2027 in regulated renewable energy in Wisconsin. WEC Energy Group's plan is to replace a portion of the retired capacity by building and owning zero-carbon-emitting renewable generation facilities that are anticipated to include the following new investments made by either us or WPS based on specific customer needs: 
 
 1,900 MW of utility-scale solar; 
 700 MW of battery storage; and 
 2022 Form 10-K 32 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 700 MW of wind. 
 
 WEC Energy Group also plans on investing in a combination of clean, natural gas-fired generation, made by either us or WPS based on specific customer needs, including: 
 
 100 MW of RICE natural gas-fueled generation; and 
 the planned purchase of 200 MW of capacity in West Riverside a combined-cycle natural gas plant recently completed by Alliant Energy in Wisconsin. 
 
 For more details, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Significant Capital Projects. 
 
 In December 2018, we received approval from the PSCW for two renewable energy pilot programs. The Solar Now pilot is expected to add a total of 35 MW of solar generation to our portfolio, allowing non-profit and government entities, as well as commercial and industrial customers, to site utility owned solar arrays on their property. Under this program, we have energized 24 Solar Now projects and currently have another five under construction, together totaling more than 30 MW. The second program, the DRER pilot, would allow large commercial and industrial customers to access renewable resources that we would operate, adding up to 150 MW of renewables to our portfolio. The DRER pilot would help these larger customers to meet their sustainability and renewable energy goals. 
 
 In August 2021, the PSCW approved pilot programs for us to install and maintain EV charging equipment for customers at their homes or businesses. The programs provide direct benefits to customers by removing cost barriers associated with installing EV equipment. In October 2021, subject to the receipt of any necessary regulatory approvals, WEC Energy Group pledged to expand the EV charging network within its utilities' electric service territories. In doing so, WEC Energy Group joined a coalition of utility companies in a unified effort to make EV charging convenient and widely available throughout the Midwest. The coalition WEC Energy Group joined is planning to help build and grow EV charging corridors, enabling the general public to safely and efficiently charge their vehicles. 
 
 WEC Energy Group also continues to reduce methane emissions by improving its natural gas distribution system, and has set a target across its natural gas distribution operations to achieve net-zero methane emissions by the end of 2030. WEC Energy Group plans to achieve its net-zero goal through an effort that includes both continuous operational improvements and equipment upgrades, as well as the use of RNG throughout its utility systems. In 2022, we received approval from the PSCW for an RNG pilot associated with our natural gas distribution system. 
 
 In 2023, WEC Energy Group is planning a pilot program with EPRI and CMBlu Energy, a Germany-based designer and manufacturer, to test a new form of long-duration energy storage on the U.S. electric grid. The program will test battery system performance, including the ability to store and discharge energy for up to twice as long as the typical lithium-ion batteries in use today. The pilot is planned for the fourth-quarter of 2023. 
 
 Reliability 
 
 We have made significant reliability-related investments in recent years, and in accordance with the ESG Progress Plan, expect to continue strengthening and modernizing our generation fleet, as well as our electric and natural gas distribution networks to further improve reliability. 
 
 We received approval to construct an LNG facility to meet anticipated peak demand. Commercial operation of the LNG facility is targeted for the end of 2023. 
 
 For more details, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Significant Capital Projects. 
 
 Operating Efficiency 
 
 We continually look for ways to optimize the operating efficiency of our company and will continue to do so under the ESG Progress Plan. For example, we are making progress on our AMI program, replacing aging meter-reading equipment on both our network and customer property. An integrated system of smart meters, communication networks, and data management programs enables two-way communication between us and our customers. This program reduces the manual effort for disconnects and reconnects and enhances outage management capabilities. 
 2022 Form 10-K 33 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

WEC Energy Group continues to focus on integrating the resources of its businesses and finding the best and most efficient processes. 
 
 Financial Discipline 
 
 A strong adherence to financial discipline is essential to meeting our earnings projections and maintaining a strong balance sheet, stable cash flows, and quality credit ratings. 
 
 We follow an asset management strategy that focuses on investing in and acquiring assets consistent with our strategic plans, as well as disposing of assets, including property, plants, and equipment, that are no longer strategic to operations, are not performing as intended, or have an unacceptable risk profile. See Note 2, Acquisition, for more information on our recent acquisition of Whitewater. 
 
 Exceptional Customer Care 
 
 Our approach is driven by an intense focus on delivering exceptional customer care every day. We strive to provide the best value for our customers by demonstrating personal responsibility for results, leveraging our capabilities and expertise, and using creative solutions to meet or exceed our customers expectations. 
 
 A multiyear effort is driving a standardized, seamless approach to digital customer service across all of the WEC Energy Group companies. It has moved all utilities, including us, to a common platform for all customer-facing self-service options. Using common systems and processes reduces costs, provides greater flexibility and enhances the consistent delivery of exceptional service to customers. 
 
 Safety 
 
 Safety is one of our core values and a critical component of our culture. We are committed to keeping our employees and the public safe through a comprehensive corporate safety program that focuses on employee engagement and elimination of at-risk behaviors. 
 
 Under our "Target Zero" mission, we have an ultimate goal of zero incidents, accidents, and injuries. Management and union leadership work together to reinforce the Target Zero culture. We set annual goals for safety results as well as measurable leading indicators, in order to raise awareness of at-risk behaviors and situations and guide injury-prevention activities. All employees are encouraged to report unsafe conditions or incidents that could have led to an injury. Injuries and tasks with high levels of risk are assessed, and findings and best practices are shared across the WEC Energy Group companies. 
 
 Our corporate safety program provides a forum for addressing employee concerns, training employees and contractors on current safety standards, and recognizing those who demonstrate a safety focus. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our Results of Operations includes comparisons of our results for the year ended December 31, 2022 with the year ended December 31, 2021. For a similar discussion that compares our results for the year ended December 31, 2021 with the year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations in Part II of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 

Consolidated Earnings 
 
 Our earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 396.7 million, compared with 381.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. See below for additional information on the 15.5 million increase in earnings. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 34 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The discussion below addresses the contribution of our utility segment to net income attributed to common shareholder. The discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as electric margins and natural gas margins, which are not measures of financial performance under GAAP. Electric margins (electric revenues less fuel and purchased power costs) and natural gas margins (natural gas revenues less cost of natural gas sold) are non-GAAP financial measures because they exclude other operation and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes. 
 
 We believe that electric and natural gas margins provide a useful basis for evaluating utility operations since the majority of prudently incurred fuel and purchased power costs, as well as prudently incurred natural gas costs, are passed through to customers in current rates. As a result, management uses electric and natural gas margins internally when assessing the operating performance of our utility segment as these measures exclude the majority of revenue fluctuations caused by changes in these expenses. Similarly, the presentation of electric and natural gas margins herein is intended to provide supplemental information for investors regarding our operating performance. 
 
 Our electric margins and natural gas margins may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Furthermore, these measures are not intended to replace operating income as determined in accordance with GAAP as an indicator of operating performance. Our utility segment operating income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 940.0 million and 868.7 million, respectively. The discussion below includes a table that provides the calculation of electric margins and natural gas margins, along with a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, operating income. 

Utility Segment Contribution to Net Income Attributed to Common Shareholder 
 Year Ended December 31 (in millions) 2022 2021 B (W) Electric revenues 3,461.8 3,188.6 273.2 Fuel and purchased power 1,274.0 1,034.5 (239.5) Total electric margins 2,187.8 2,154.1 33.7 Natural gas revenues 608.5 475.9 132.6 Cost of natural gas sold 419.3 306.6 (112.7) Total natural gas margins 189.2 169.3 19.9 Total electric and natural gas margins 2,377.0 2,323.4 53.6 Other operation and maintenance 831.7 898.4 66.7 Depreciation and amortization 479.7 457.9 (21.8) Property and revenue taxes 125.6 98.4 (27.2) Operating income 940.0 868.7 71.3 Other income, net 49.4 32.1 17.3 Interest expense 458.4 460.3 1.9 Income before income taxes 531.0 440.5 90.5 Income tax expense 133.1 58.1 (75.0) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiary 1.2 1.2 Net income attributed to common shareholder 396.7 381.2 15.5 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 35 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows a breakdown of other operation and maintenance: 
 Year Ended December 31 (in millions) 2022 2021 B (W) Operation and maintenance not included in line items below 357.7 366.3 8.6 Transmission (1) 
 275.8 337.8 62.0 We Power (2) 
 108.1 114.9 6.8 Regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses (3) 
 69.7 67.1 (2.6) Earnings sharing mechanism (4) 
 1.7 1.7 Other 20.4 10.6 (9.8) Total other operation and maintenance 831.7 898.4 66.7 
 
 (1) Represents transmission expense that we are authorized to collect in rates. The PSCW has approved escrow accounting for ATC and MISO network transmission expenses. As a result, we defer as a regulatory asset or liability, the difference between actual transmission costs and those included in rates until recovery or refund is authorized in a future rate proceeding. During 2022 and 2021, 340.0 million and 335.1 million, respectively, of costs were billed to us by transmission providers. 
 
 During 2022, we amortized 62.0 million of the regulatory liabilities associated with our transmission escrows to offset certain 2022 revenue deficiencies, as approved by the PSCW in order to forego filing for 2022 base rate increases. This amortization drove the decrease in transmission expense during 2022, compared with 2021. 
 
 (2) Represents costs associated with the We Power generation units, including operating and maintenance costs we recognized. During 2022 and 2021, 121.7 million and 113.1 million, respectively, of costs were billed to or incurred by us related to the We Power generation units, with the difference in costs billed or incurred and expenses recognized, either deferred or deducted from the regulatory asset. 
 
 (3) Regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses are substantially offset in margins and therefore do not have a significant impact on net income. 
 
 (4) Represents operation and maintenance associated with the earnings sharing mechanism we have in place. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information about our earnings sharing mechanism. 
 
 The following tables provide information on delivered sales volumes by customer class and weather statistics: 
 Year Ended December 31 MWh (in thousands) 
 Electric Sales Volumes 2022 2021 B (W) Customer class Residential 8,099.8 8,198.1 (98.3) Small commercial and industrial 8,655.9 8,595.9 60.0 Large commercial and industrial 6,655.9 6,656.6 (0.7) Other 110.2 118.5 (8.3) Total retail 23,521.8 23,569.1 (47.3) Wholesale 857.5 1,135.6 (278.1) Resale 3,618.7 4,619.9 (1,001.2) Total sales in MWh 27,998.0 29,324.6 (1,326.6) 
 
 Year Ended December 31 Therms (in millions) 
 Natural Gas Sales Volumes 2022 2021 B (W) Customer class Residential 400.1 351.3 48.8 Commercial and industrial 224.9 192.2 32.7 Total retail 625.0 543.5 81.5 Transportation 324.2 305.4 18.8 Total sales in therms 949.2 848.9 100.3 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 36 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31 Degree Days Weather (1) 
 2022 2021 B (W) Heating (6,518 Normal) 
 6,369 5,735 11.1 Cooling (774 Normal) 
 944 1,061 (11.0) 
 
 (1) Normal degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from Mitchell International Airport in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 
 
 Electric Revenues 
 
 Electric revenues increased 273.2 million during 2022, compared with 2021. To the extent that changes in fuel and purchased power costs are passed through to customers, the changes are offset by comparable changes in revenues. See the discussion of electric utility margins below for more information related to the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs and the remaining drivers of the changes in electric revenues. 
 
 Electric Utility Margins 
 
 Electric utility margins increased 33.7 million during 2022, compared with 2021. The significant factors impacting the higher electric utility margins were: 
 
 A 64.8 million increase in margins related to the impact of unprotected excess deferred taxes during 2021, which we agreed to return to customers in our PSCW-approved rate order. This increase in margins is offset in income taxes. See Note 15, Income Taxes, and Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information. 
 
 A 6.6 million increase in other revenues, primarily related to third-party use of our assets. 
 
 A 3.5 million increase in securitization revenues received during 2022, compared with 2021, related to an environmental control charge from our retail electric distribution customers on behalf of WEPCo Environmental Trust. We began assessing this charge in June 2021, subsequent to the issuance of the ETBs by WEPCo Environmental Trust in May 2021, in accordance with a November 2020 PSCW financing order. See Note 13, Long-Term Debt, and Note 20, Variable Interest Entities, for more information. These revenues are offset in depreciation and amortization as well as interest expense. 
 
 These increases in margins were partially offset by: 
 
 A 17.1 million year-over-year negative impact from collections of fuel and purchased power costs compared with costs collected in rates. Under the Wisconsin fuel rules, our margins are impacted by under- or over-collections of certain fuel and purchased power costs that are within a 2 price variance from the costs included in rates, and the remaining variance beyond the 2 price variance is generally deferred for future recovery or refund to customers. 
 
 Lower margins of 12.7 million driven by the expiration of certain wholesale contracts. 
 
 A 12.3 million net decrease in margins related to lower sales volumes, driven by the impact of cooler weather during the 2022 cooling season, compared with 2021, and partially offset by the continued economic recovery in Wisconsin from the COVID-19 pandemic. As measured by cooling degree days, 2022 was 11.0 cooler than 2021. 
 
 Natural Gas Revenues 
 
 Natural gas revenues increased 132.6 million during 2022, compared with 2021. Because prudently incurred natural gas costs are passed through to our customers in current rates, the changes are offset by comparable changes in revenues. The average per-unit cost of natural gas increased approximately 21 during 2022, compared with 2021. The remaining drivers of changes in natural gas revenues are described in the discussion of natural gas utility margins below. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 37 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas Utility Margins 
 
 Natural gas utility margins increased 19.9 million during 2022, compared with 2021. The most significant factor impacting the higher natural gas utility margins was an increase from higher sales volumes, driven by the continued economic recovery in Wisconsin from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as colder weather during the 2022 heating season, compared with 2021. As measured by heating degree days, 2022 was 11.1 colder than 2021. 
 
 Other Operating Expenses (includes other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes) 
 
 Other operating expenses at the utility segment decreased 17.7 million during 2022, compared with 2021. The significant factors impacting the decrease in other operating expenses were: 
 
 A 62.0 million decrease in transmission expense driven by the amortization of a certain portion of our regulatory liability associated with our transmission escrow balance, as discussed in the notes under the other operation and maintenance table above. 
 
 A 6.8 million decrease in other operation and maintenance expense related to the We Power leases, as discussed in the notes under the other operation and maintenance table above. 
 
 A 5.7 million decrease in other operation and maintenance expense during 2022, compared with 2021, related to certain COVID-19 expenditures. 
 
 A 4.6 million decrease in other operating and maintenance expense related to our power plants, driven by increases to certain plant-related regulatory assets resulting from decisions included in our December 2022 Wisconsin rate order. This decrease in expense was partially offset by increased maintenance at our plants and reductions in refined coal credits during 2022, compared with 2021. 
 
 These decreases in other operating expenses were partially offset by: 
 
 A 27.2 million increase in property and revenue taxes, driven by higher gross receipt and property taxes. 
 
 A 21.8 million increase in depreciation and amortization, driven by assets being placed into service as we continue to execute on our capital plan and an increase related to the We Power leases. In addition, a portion of the increase is related to securitization amortization, which is offset in revenues. 
 
 A 13.8 million increase in electric and natural gas distribution expenses, primarily driven by higher costs to manage system reliability and for overall maintenance of our distribution system during 2022. 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 
 Other income, net increased 17.3 million during 2022, compared with 2021, driven by higher net credits from the non-service components of our net periodic pension and OPEB costs. See Note 18, Employee Benefits, for more information on our benefit costs. Higher AFUDC Equity due to continued capital investment also contributed to the increase in other income, net. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased 1.9 million during 2022, compared with 2021, driven by lower interest expense on finance lease liabilities, primarily related to the We Power leases, as finance lease liabilities decrease each year as payments are made. Also contributing to the decrease was AFUDC Debt due to continued capital investment. The decrease was partially offset by a long-term debt issuance in September 2022 and higher short-term debt interest rates. See Note 13, Long-Term Debt, for more information on the debt issuance. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 38 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense increased 75.0 million during 2022, compared with 2021. The increase was primarily due to an approximate 65 million negative impact related to the year-over-year amortization of the unprotected excess deferred tax benefits from the Tax Legislation in connection with the rate order approved by the PSCW, effective January 1, 2020. The impact due to the benefit from the amortization of these unprotected excess deferred tax benefits in 2021 did not impact earnings as there was an offsetting impact in operating income. Also contributing to the increase was higher pre-tax income in 2022. See Note 15, Income Taxes, for more information. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Overview 
 
 We expect to maintain adequate liquidity to meet our cash requirements for operation of our business and implementation of our corporate strategy through internal generation of cash from operations and access to the capital markets. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our Liquidity and Capital Resources includes comparisons of our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 with the year ended December 31, 2021. For a similar discussion that compares our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 with the year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows during the years ended December 31: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Change in 2022 Over 2021 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 637.0 802.2 (165.2) Investing activities (914.0) (798.0) (116.0) Financing activities 321.7 (8.4) 330.1 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 165.2 million during 2022, compared with 2021, driven by: 
 
 A 284.5 million decrease in cash from higher payments for fuel and purchased power at our plants during 2022, compared with 2021. Our plants incurred higher fuel costs during 2022 as a result of an increase in the price of natural gas. 
 
 A 92.4 million decrease in cash from higher payments for other operation and maintenance expenses. During 2022, our payments were higher for managing system reliability, overall maintenance of our distribution system, transmission, and We Power costs, as well as due to the timing of payments for accounts payable. 
 
 A 24.2 million decrease in cash due to lower collateral received from counterparties during 2022, compared with 2021, driven by the execution of natural gas contracts at higher prices in 2022. 
 
 These decreases in net cash provided by operating activities were partially offset by a 231.4 million increase in cash related to higher overall collections from customers as a result of an increase in natural gas sales volumes during 2022, compared with 2021, driven by the continued economic recovery in Wisconsin from the COVID-19 pandemic and colder weather. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 39 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 116.0 million during 2022, compared with 2021, driven by: 
 
 A 117.1 million increase in cash paid for capital expenditures, which is discussed in more detail below. 
 
 A 16.6 million increase in cash paid for ATC's construction costs during 2022, which will be reimbursed in the future. 
 
 Proceeds of 10.7 million received from affiliates during 2021 for assets transferred related to a customer billing system. There were no proceeds received from affiliates for assets transferred during 2022. 
 
 These increases in net cash used in investing activities were partially offset by insurance proceeds of 41.0 million received during 2022 for property damage, primarily related to the PSB water damage claim. See Note 7, Property, Plant, and Equipment, for more information. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Capital expenditures for the years ended December 31 were as follows: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Change in 2022 Over 2021 Capital expenditures 930.4 813.3 117.1 
 
 The increase in cash paid for capital expenditures during 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily driven by higher payments for capital expenditures related to Paris, Badger Hollow II, and the new natural gas-fired generation being constructed at WPS's existing Weston power plant. These increases were partially offset by lower payments for capital expenditures related to the restoration of our PSB and upgrades to our natural gas distribution system. See Note 7, Property, Plant, and Equipment, for more information on the PSB. 
 
 See Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Significant Capital Projects below for more information. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash related to financing activities increased 330.1 million during 2022, compared with 2021, driven by: 
 
 A 295.3 million increase in cash due to a decrease in retirements of long-term debt during 2022, compared with 2021. 
 
 A 225.0 million increase in cash related to higher equity contributions received from our parent during 2022, compared with 2021, to balance our capital structure. 
 
 An 81.2 million increase in cash due higher issuances of long-term debt during 2022, compared with 2021. 
 
 These increases in cash related to financing activities were partially offset by a 270.0 million decrease in cash due to higher dividends paid to our parent during 2022, compared with 2021, to balance our capital structure. 
 
 Significant Financing Activities 
 
 For more information on our financing activities, see Note 12, Short-Term Debt and Lines of Credit, and Note 13, Long-Term Debt. 

Cash Requirements 
 
 We require funds to support and grow our business. Our significant cash requirements primarily consist of capital and investment expenditures, payments to retire and pay interest on long-term debt, the payment of common stock dividends to our parent, and the funding of our ongoing operations. Our significant cash requirements are discussed in further detail below. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 40 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Significant Capital Projects 
 
 We have several capital projects that will require significant capital expenditures over the next three years and beyond. All projected capital requirements are subject to periodic review and may vary significantly from estimates, depending on a number of factors. These factors include environmental requirements, regulatory restraints and requirements, changes in tax laws and regulations, acquisition and development opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, supply chain disruptions, inflation, and interest rates. Our estimated capital expenditures and acquisitions for the next three years are reflected below. These amounts include anticipated expenditures for environmental compliance and certain remediation issues. For a discussion of certain environmental matters affecting us, see Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 (in millions) 2023 1,504.1 2024 1,478.2 2025 1,274.6 Total 4,256.9 
 
 We continue to upgrade our electric and natural gas distribution systems to enhance reliability. These upgrades include addressing our aging infrastructure and system hardening and the AMI program. AMI is an integrated system of smart meters, communication networks, and data management systems that enable two-way communication between utilities and customers. 
 
 WEC Energy Group is committed to investing in solar, wind, battery storage, and clean natural gas-fired generation. Below are examples of projects that are proposed or currently underway. 
 
 We have partnered with an unaffiliated utility to construct a utility-scale solar project, Badger Hollow II, that will be located in Iowa County, Wisconsin. Once constructed, we will own 100 MW of this project. Our share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately 151 million. Commercial operation of Badger Hollow II is targeted for 2023. 
 
 We, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, received PSCW approval to acquire and construct Paris, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Kenosha County, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own 150 MW of solar generation and 82 MW of battery storage of this project. Our share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately 325 million, with construction of the solar portion expected to be completed in 2023. 
 
 We, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, received PSCW approval to acquire and construct Darien, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Rock and Walworth counties, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own 188 MW of solar generation and 56 MW of battery storage of this project. Our share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately 335 million, with construction of the solar portion expected to be completed in 2024. 
 
 In April 2021, we, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, filed an application with the PSCW for approval to acquire the Koshkonong Solar-Battery Park, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Dane County, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own 225 MW of solar generation and 124 MW of battery storage of this project. If approved, our share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately 488 million, with construction of the solar portion expected to be completed in 2025. 
 
 We, along with WPS, received PSCW approval to construct a natural gas-fired generation facility at WPS's existing Weston power plant site in northern Wisconsin. The new facility will consist of seven RICE units. Once constructed, we will own 64 MW of this project. Our share of the cost of this project is estimated to be approximately 85 million, with construction expected to be completed in 2023. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2023, we, along with WPS, completed the acquisition of Whitewater, a commercially operational 236.5 MW dual fueled (natural gas and low sulfur fuel oil) combined cycle electrical generation facility in Whitewater, Wisconsin. Our share of the cost of this facility was approximately 37.5 million for 50 of the capacity, which includes transaction costs and working capital. See Note 14, Leases, for more information. 
 
 In January 2022, WPS, along with an unaffiliated utility, filed an application with the PSCW for approval to acquire a portion of West Riverside's nameplate capacity. WPS is also requesting approval to assign the option to purchase part of West Riverside to 
 2022 Form 10-K 41 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 us. If approved, we or WPS would acquire 100 MW of capacity, in the first of two potential option exercises. West Riverside is a combined cycle natural gas plant recently completed by an unaffiliated utility in Rock County, Wisconsin. If approved, and WPS assigns the option to us, our share of the cost of this ownership interest would be approximately 91 million, with the transaction expected to close in the second quarter of 2023. In addition, WPS could exercise and request approval to assign to us a second option to acquire an additional 100 MW of capacity. If approved, and WPS assigns the option to us, our share of the cost of this ownership interest is expected to be approximately 90 million, with the transaction expected to close in 2024. 
 
 In March 2022, the DOC opened an investigation into whether new tariffs should be imposed on solar panels and cells imported from multiple southeast Asian countries. See Factors Affecting Results, Liquidity, and Capital Resources Regulatory, Legislative, and Legal Matters United States Department of Commerce Complaints and Factors Affecting Results, Liquidity, and Capital Resources Regulatory, Legislative, and Legal Matters Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act for information on the potential impacts to our solar projects as a result of the DOC investigation and CBP actions related to solar panels, respectively. The expected in-service dates identified above already reflect some of these impacts. 
 
 We have received approval to construct an LNG facility. The facility would provide us with approximately one Bcf of natural gas supply to meet anticipated peak demand without requiring the construction of additional interstate pipeline capacity. The facility is expected to reduce the likelihood of constraints on our natural gas system during the highest demand days of winter. The project is estimated to cost approximately 185 million. Commercial operation of the LNG facility is targeted for the end of 2023. 

Long-Term Debt 
 
 A significant amount of cash is required to retire and pay interest on our long-term debt obligations. See Note 13, Long-Term Debt, for more information on our outstanding long-term debt, including a schedule of our long-term debt maturities over the next five years. The following table summarizes our required interest payments on long-term debt (excluding finance lease obligations) as of December 31, 2022: 
 Interest Payments Due by Period (in millions) Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years Interest payments on long-term debt 2,276.6 140.4 269.3 251.9 1,615.0 

Common Stock Dividends 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we paid common stock dividends of 630.0 million, 360.0 million, and 395.0 million, respectively, to the sole holder of our common stock, WEC Energy Group. Any payment of future dividends is subject to approval by our Board of Directors and is dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements, and financial and other business conditions. In addition, various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements impose certain restrictions on our ability to transfer funds to WEC Energy Group in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances. We do not believe that these restrictions will materially affect our operations or limit any dividend payments in the foreseeable future. See Note 10, Common Equity, for more information related to these restrictions and our other common stock matters. 

Other Significant Cash Requirements 
 
 Our utility operations have purchase obligations under various contracts for the procurement of fuel, power, and gas supply, as well as the related storage and transportation. These costs are a significant component of funding our ongoing operations. See Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies, for more information, including our minimum future commitments related to these purchase obligations. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 42 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to our energy-related purchase obligations, we have commitments for other costs incurred in the normal course of business, including costs related to information technology services, meter reading services, maintenance and other service agreements for certain generating facilities, and various engineering agreements. Our estimated future cash requirements related to these purchase obligations are reflected below. 
 Payments Due by Period (in millions) Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years Purchase orders 110.7 55.3 38.8 16.5 0.1 
 
 We have various finance and operating lease obligations. Our finance lease obligations primarily relate to power purchase commitments and land leases for Badger Hollow II. Our operating lease obligations are for office space and land. See Note 14, Leases, for more information, including an analysis of our minimum lease payments due in future years. 
 
 We make contributions to our pension and OPEB plans based upon various factors affecting us, including our liquidity position and tax law changes. See Note 18, Employee Benefits, for our expected contributions in 2023 and our expected pension and OPEB payments for the next 10 years. We expect the majority of these future pension and OPEB payments to be paid from our outside trusts. See Sources of Cash Investments in Outside Trusts below for more information. 
 
 In addition to the above, our balance sheet at December 31, 2022 included various other liabilities that, due to the nature of the liabilities, the amount and timing of future payments cannot be determined with certainty. These liabilities include AROs, liabilities for the remediation of manufactured gas plant sites, and liabilities related to the accounting treatment for uncertainty in income taxes. For additional information on these liabilities, see Note 9, Asset Retirement Obligations, Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 15, Income Taxes, respectively. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk as a part of our normal course of business, including letters of credit that primarily support our commodity contracts. We believe that these agreements do not have, and are not reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. See Note 1(q), Guarantees, Note 12, Short-Term Debt and Lines of Credit, and Note 20, Variable Interest Entities, for more information. 

Sources of Cash 

Liquidity 
 
 We anticipate meeting our short-term and long-term cash requirements to operate our business and implement our corporate strategy through internal generation of cash from operations, equity contributions from our parent, and access to the capital markets, which allows us to obtain external short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and intermediate or long-term debt securities. Cash generated from operations is primarily driven by sales of electricity and natural gas to our utility customers, reduced by costs of operations. Our access to the capital markets is critical to our overall strategic plan and allows us to supplement cash flows from operations with external borrowings to manage seasonal variations, working capital needs, commodity price fluctuations, unplanned expenses, and unanticipated events. 
 
 We maintain a bank back-up credit facility, which provides liquidity support for our obligations with respect to commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. We review our bank back-up credit facility needs on an ongoing basis and expect to be able to maintain adequate credit facilities to support our operations. 
 
 The amount, type, and timing of any financings in 2023, as well as in subsequent years, will be contingent on investment opportunities and our cash requirements and will depend upon prevailing market conditions, regulatory approvals, and other factors. We plan to maintain a capital structure consistent with that approved by the PSCW. For more information on our approved capital structure, see Item 1. Business C. Regulation. 
 
 The issuance of our securities is subject to the approval of the PSCW. Additionally, with respect to the public offering of securities, we file registration statements with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (1933 Act). The amounts of securities 
 2022 Form 10-K 43 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 authorized by the PSCW, as well as the securities registered under the 1933 Act, are closely monitored and appropriate filings are made to ensure flexibility in the capital markets. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by 165.0 million. We do not expect this to have any impact on our liquidity as we currently believe that our cash and cash equivalents, our available capacity under our existing revolving credit facility, cash generated from ongoing operations, and access to the capital markets are adequate to meet our short-term and long-term cash requirements. 
 
 See Note 12, Short-Term Debt and Lines of Credit, and Note 13, Long-Term Debt, for more information about our credit facility and securities. 

Investments in Outside Trusts 
 
 We maintain investments in outside trusts to fund the obligation to provide pension and certain OPEB benefits to current and future retirees. As of December 31, 2022, these trusts had investments of approximately 1.2 billion, consisting of fixed income and equity securities, that are subject to the volatility of the stock market and interest rates. The performance of existing plan assets, long-term discount rates, changes in assumptions, and other factors could affect our future contributions to the plans, our financial position if our accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of the plan assets, and future results of operations related to changes in pension and OPEB expense and the assumed rate of return. For additional information, see Note 18, Employee Benefits. 

Debt Covenants 
 
 Certain of our short-term debt agreements contain financial covenants that we must satisfy, including debt to capitalization ratios. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all such covenants. We expect to be in compliance with all such debt covenants for the foreseeable future. See Note 12, Short-Term Debt and Lines of Credit, Note 13, Long-Term Debt, and Note 10, Common Equity, for more information. 

Credit Rating Risk 
 
 Cash collateral postings and prepayments made with external parties, including postings related to exchange-traded contracts, and cash collateral posted by external parties were immaterial as of December 31, 2022. From time to time, we may enter into commodity contracts that could require collateral or a termination payment in the event of a credit rating change to below BBB- at S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc., and/or Baa3 at Moody s Investors Service, Inc. If we had a sub-investment grade credit rating at December 31, 2022, we could have been required to post 100 million of additional collateral or other assurances pursuant to the terms of a PPA. We also have other commodity contracts that, in the event of a credit rating downgrade, could result in a reduction of our unsecured credit granted by counterparties . 
 
 In addition, access to capital markets at a reasonable cost is determined in large part by credit quality. Any credit ratings downgrade could impact our ability to access capital markets. 
 
 Subject to other factors affecting the credit markets as a whole, we believe our current ratings should provide a significant degree of flexibility in obtaining funds on competitive terms. However, these security ratings reflect the views of the rating agency only. An explanation of the significance of these ratings may be obtained from the rating agency. Such ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities. Any rating can be revised upward or downward or withdrawn at any time by a rating agency. 

FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Competitive Markets 
 
 Electric Utility Industry 
 
 The FERC supports large RTOs, which directly impacts the structure of the wholesale electric market. Due to the FERC's support of RTOs, MISO uses the MISO Energy Markets to carry out its operations, including the use of LMP to value electric transmission congestion and losses. Increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant and adverse financial impact on us. 
 2022 Form 10-K 44 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Electric utility revenues in Wisconsin are regulated by the PSCW. The PSCW continues to maintain the position that the question of whether to implement electric retail competition in Wisconsin should ultimately be decided by the Wisconsin legislature. No such legislation has been introduced in Wisconsin to date, and it is uncertain when, if at all, retail choice might be implemented in Wisconsin. 
 
 Natural Gas Utility Industry 
 
 We offer both natural gas transportation service and interruptible natural gas sales to enable customers to better manage their energy costs. Customers continue to switch between firm system supply, interruptible system supply, and transportation service each year as the economics and service options change. 
 
 Due to the PSCW's previous proceedings on natural gas industry regulation in a competitive environment, the PSCW currently provides all Wisconsin customer classes with competitive markets the option to choose a third-party natural gas supplier. All of our Wisconsin non-residential customer classes have competitive market choices and, therefore, can purchase natural gas directly from either a third-party supplier or us. Since third-party suppliers can be used in Wisconsin, the PSCW has also adopted standards for transactions between a utility and its natural gas marketing affiliates. 
 
 We offer natural gas transportation services to our customers that elect to purchase natural gas directly from a third-party supplier. Since these transportation customers continue to use our distribution systems to transport natural gas to their facilities, we earn distribution revenues from them. As such, the loss of revenue associated with the cost of natural gas that our transportation customers purchase from third-party suppliers has little impact on our net income, as it is substantially offset by an equal reduction to natural gas costs. 
 
 We are currently unable to predict the impact, if any, of potential future industry restructuring on our results of operations or financial position. 

Regulatory, Legislative, and Legal Matters 

Regulatory Recovery 
 
 We account for our regulated operations in accordance with accounting guidance under the Regulated Operations Topic of the FASB ASC. Our rates are determined by the PSCW and the FERC. See Item 1. Business C. Regulation for more information on these commissions. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for additional information regarding recent rate proceedings and orders. 
 
 Regulated entities are allowed to defer certain costs that would otherwise be charged to expense if the regulated entity believes the recovery of those costs is probable. We record regulatory assets pursuant to generic and/or specific orders issued by our regulators. Recovery of the deferred costs in future rates is subject to the review and approval by our regulators. We assume the risks and benefits of ultimate recovery of these items in future rates. If the recovery of the deferred costs is not approved by our regulators, the costs would be charged to income in the current period. Regulators can impose liabilities on a prospective basis for amounts previously collected from customers and for amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers. We record these items as regulatory liabilities. See Note 6, Regulatory Assets and Liabilities, for more information on our regulatory assets and liabilities. 

Petitions Before PSCW Regarding Third-Party Financed Distributed Energy Resources 
 
 In May 2022, two petitions were filed with the PSCW requesting a declaratory ruling that the owner of a third-party financed DER is not a "public utility" as defined under Wisconsin law and, therefore, is not subject to the PSCW s jurisdiction under any statute or rule regulating public utilities. The parties that filed the petitions provide financing to their customers for installation of DERs (including solar panels and energy storage) on the customer s property. A DER is connected to the host customer s utility meter and is used for the customer s energy needs. It may also be connected to the grid for distribution. 
 
 In July 2022, the PSCW found that the specific facts and circumstances merited the opening of a docket for each petition to consider whether to grant all or part of the requested declaratory ruling. 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the PSCW granted one petitioner s request for a declaratory ruling, finding that the owner of the third-party financed DER at issue in the petitioner s brief is not a public utility under Wisconsin law. The ruling was limited to the specific facts 
 2022 Form 10-K 45 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

and circumstances of the lease presented in that petition. A second petition is also being considered. Although the finding in the first petition was limited to the specific facts and circumstances of the lease presented in that petition, similar findings or a broader policy position could adversely impact our business operations. 

Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act 
 
 The CBP issued a WRO in June 2021, applicable to certain silica-based products originating from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China (Xinjiang), such as polysilicon, included in the manufacturing of solar panels. In June 2022, the WRO was superseded by the implementation of the UFLPA, which was signed into law by President Biden in December 2021. The UFLPA establishes a rebuttable presumption that any imports wholly or partially manufactured in Xinjiang are prohibited from entering the United States. While our suppliers were able to provide the CBP sufficient documentation to meet WRO compliance requirements, and we expect the same will be true for UFLPA purposes, we cannot currently predict what, if any, impact the UFLPA will have on the overall supply of solar panels into the United States and the related timing and cost of our solar projects included in WEC Energy Group's capital plan. 

United States Department of Commerce Complaints 
 
 In August 2021, a group of anonymous domestic solar manufacturers filed a petition (AD/CVD) with the DOC seeking to impose new tariffs on solar panels and cells imported from several countries, including Malaysia, Vietnam, and Thailand. The petitioners claimed that Chinese solar manufacturers are shifting products to these countries to avoid the tariffs required on products imported from China. In November 2021, the DOC rejected this petition. In denying the petition, the DOC cited the anonymous group s refusal of the DOC s request to provide more detail and identify its members due to the members' concerns about retribution from the dominant Chinese solar industry. 
 
 In February 2022, a California based company filed a petition (AD/CVD) with the DOC seeking to impose new tariffs on solar panels and cells imported from multiple countries, including Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, and Cambodia. While the petition is similar to the one rejected by the DOC in November 2021, there are notable differences. The group added Cambodia to the petition and requested that the DOC conduct a country-wide inquiry into each of the four countries. In March 2022, the DOC decided to act on the February petition and investigate the claim. On December 2, 2022, the DOC announced its preliminary determination that certain companies are circumventing anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders on solar cells and modules from China. As the next step, the DOC will conduct in-person audits to verify the information that was the basis of the finding. If the DOC makes a final determination, which is currently expected in the second quarter of 2023, that such circumvention is occurring it would be able to apply any final tariffs retroactively to November 4, 2021. If imposed, the new tariffs could further disrupt the supply of solar modules to the United States, and could impact the cost and timing of our solar projects. 
 
 In June 2022, the Biden Administration used its executive powers to issue a 24-month tariff moratorium on solar panels manufactured in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. The moratorium comes as a direct response to concerns raised about the adverse impact from the ongoing DOC complaint on the U.S. solar industry. As the DOC will continue its investigation discussed above, companies may still be subject to tariffs after the moratorium ends; however, U.S. companies will reportedly be exempt from any retroactive tariffs that previously could have applied. The Biden Administration also announced that it plans to invoke the Defense Production Act to accelerate the production of solar panels in the U.S. The Biden Administration's actions did not address whether WROs applied to panels under previous complaints would be affected. 

Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act 
 
 In November 2021, President Biden signed into law the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which provides for approximately 1.2 trillion of federal spending over the next five years, including approximately 85 billion for investments in power, utilities, and renewables infrastructure across the United States. We expect funding from this Act will support the work we are doing to reduce GHG emissions, increase EV charging, and strengthen and protect the energy grid. Funding in the Act should also help to expand emerging technologies, like hydrogen and carbon management, as we continue the transition to a clean energy future. We believe the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act will accelerate investment in projects that will help us meet our net zero emission goals to the benefit of our customers, the communities we serve, and our company. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 46 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Inflation Reduction Act 
 
 In August 2022, President Biden signed into law the IRA, which provides for 258 billion in energy-related provisions over a 10-year period. The provisions of the IRA are intended to, among other things, lower gasoline and electricity prices, incentivize domestic clean energy investment, manufacturing, and production, and promote reductions in carbon emissions. We believe that we and our customers can benefit from the IRA s provisions that extend tax benefits for renewable technologies, increase or restore higher rates for PTCs, add an option to claim PTCs for solar projects, expand qualified ITC facilities to include standalone energy storage, and its provision to allow companies to transfer tax credits generated from renewable projects. The IRA also implements a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax and a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases. Although significant regulatory guidance is expected on the tax provisions in the IRA, we currently believe the provisions on alternative minimum tax and stock repurchases will not have a material impact on us. Overall, we believe the IRA will help reduce our cost of investing in projects that will support our commitment to reduce emissions and provide customers affordable, reliable, and clean energy over the longer term. 

Environmental Matters 
 
 See Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies, for a discussion of certain environmental matters affecting us, including rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, land quality, and climate change. 

Market Risks and Other Significant Risks 
 
 We are exposed to market and other significant risks as a result of the nature of our businesses and the environments in which those businesses operate. These risks, described in further detail below, include but are not limited to: 

Commodity Costs 
 
 In the normal course of providing energy, we are subject to market fluctuations in the costs of coal, natural gas, purchased power, and fuel oil used in the delivery of coal. We manage our fuel and natural gas supply costs through a portfolio of short and long-term procurement contracts with various suppliers for the purchase of coal, natural gas, and fuel oil. In addition, we manage the risk of price volatility through natural gas and electric hedging programs. 
 
 Embedded within our rates are amounts to recover fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs. We have recovery mechanisms in place that allow us to recover or refund all or a portion of the changes in prudently incurred fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs from rate case-approved amounts. See Item 1. Business C. Regulation for more information on these mechanisms. 
 
 Higher commodity costs can increase our working capital requirements, result in higher gross receipts taxes, and lead to increased energy efficiency investments by our customers to reduce utility usage and/or fuel substitution. Higher commodity costs combined with slower economic conditions also expose us to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs as more customers are unable to pay their bills. See Note 5, Credit Losses, for more information on our mechanism that allows for cost recovery or refund of uncollectible expense. 

Weather 
 
 Our utility rates are based upon estimated normal temperatures. Our electric utility margins are unfavorably sensitive to below normal temperatures during the summer cooling season and, to some extent, to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. Our natural gas utility margins are unfavorably sensitive to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. A summary of actual weather information in our service territory during 2022 and 2021, as measured by degree days, may be found in Results of Operations. 

Interest Rates 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk resulting from our short-term borrowings and projected near-term debt financing needs. We manage exposure to interest rate risk by limiting the amount of our variable rate obligations and continually monitoring the effects of market changes on interest rates. When it is advantageous to do so, we enter into long-term fixed rate debt. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 47 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Based on our variable rate debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, a hypothetical increase in market interest rates of one percentage point would have increased annual interest expense by 4.6 million and 3.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. This sensitivity analysis was performed assuming a constant level of variable rate debt during the period and an immediate increase in interest rates, with no other changes for the remainder of the period. 

Marketable Securities Return 
 
 We use various trusts to fund our pension and OPEB obligations. These trusts invest in debt and equity securities. Changes in the market prices of these assets can affect future pension and OPEB expenses. Additionally, future contributions can also be affected by the investment returns on trust fund assets. The financial risks associated with investment returns are mitigated through the requirement that we implement escrow accounting treatment for pension and OPEB costs in 2023 and 2024, as required by the December 2022 rate order issued by the PSCW. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information on our 2023 and 2024 rates. 
 
 The fair value of our trust fund assets and expected long-term returns were approximately: 
 (in millions) As of December 31, 2022 Expected Return on Assets in 2023 Pension trust funds 940.7 6.75 OPEB trust funds 211.3 7.00 
 
 Fiduciary oversight of the pension and OPEB trust fund investments is the responsibility of an Investment Trust Policy Committee. The Committee works with external actuaries and investment consultants on an ongoing basis to establish and monitor investment strategies and target asset allocations. Forecasted cash flows for plan liabilities are regularly updated based on annual valuation results. Target asset allocations are determined utilizing projected benefit payment cash flows and risk analyses of appropriate investments. The targeted asset allocations are intended to reduce risk, provide long-term financial stability for the plans, and maintain funded levels which meet long-term plan obligations while preserving sufficient liquidity for near-term benefit payments. Investment strategies utilize a wide diversification of asset types and qualified external investment managers. 
 
 WEC Energy Group consults with its investment advisors on an annual basis to help it forecast expected long-term returns on plan assets by reviewing actual historical returns and calculating expected total trust returns using the weighted-average of long-term market returns for each of the major target asset categories utilized in the funds. 

Economic Conditions 
 
 Our service territories are within the state of Wisconsin. As such, we are exposed to market risks in the regional Midwest economy. In addition, any economic downturn or disruption of national or international markets could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products, which could affect their demand for our products. 

Inflation and Supply Chain Disruptions 
 
 We continue to monitor the impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions. We monitor the costs of medical plans, fuel, transmission access, construction costs, regulatory and environmental compliance costs, and other costs in order to minimize inflationary effects in future years, to the extent possible, through pricing strategies, productivity improvements, and cost reductions. We monitor the global supply chain, and related disruptions, in order to ensure we are able to procure the necessary materials and other resources necessary to both maintain our energy services in a safe and reliable manner and to grow our infrastructure in accordance with WEC Energy Group's capital plan, which includes us. For additional information concerning risks related to inflation and supply chain disruptions, see the three risk factors below. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business Our operations and corporate strategy may be adversely affected by supply chain disruptions and inflation. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business We are actively involved with multiple significant capital projects, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect project costs and completion of construction projects. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 48 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Economic and Market Volatility Fluctuating commodity prices could negatively impact our electric and natural gas utility operations. 
 
 For additional information concerning risk factors, including market risks, see the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information at the beginning of this report and Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in compliance with GAAP requires the application of accounting policies, as well as the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments that could have a material impact on our financial statements and related disclosures. Judgments regarding future events may include the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and anticipated recovery of costs. Actual results may differ significantly from estimated amounts based on varying assumptions. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The following is a list of accounting policies and estimates that require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments and may change in subsequent periods. 

Regulatory Accounting 
 
 Our utility operations follow the guidance under the Regulated Operations Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 980). Our financial statements reflect the effects of the ratemaking principles followed by the jurisdictions regulating us. Certain items that would otherwise be immediately recognized as revenues and expenses are deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. 
 
 Future recovery of regulatory assets, including the timeliness of recovery and our ability to earn a reasonable return, is not assured and is generally subject to review by regulators in rate proceedings for matters such as prudence and reasonableness. Once approved, the regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into earnings over the rate recovery or refund period. If recovery or refund of costs is not approved or is no longer considered probable, these regulatory assets or liabilities are recognized in current period earnings. Management regularly assesses whether these regulatory assets and liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, earnings from our electric and natural gas utility operations, rate orders issued by our regulators, historical decisions by our regulators regarding regulatory assets and liabilities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. 
 
 The application of the Regulated Operations Topic of the FASB ASC would be discontinued if all or a separable portion of our utility operations no longer met the criteria for application. Our regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off to income as an unusual or infrequently occurring item in the period in which discontinuation occurred. See Note 6, Regulatory Assets and Liabilities, for more information on our regulatory assets and liabilities. 

Long-Lived Assets 
 
 In accordance with ASC 980-360, Regulated Operations Property, Plant, and Equipment, we periodically assess the recoverability of certain long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of those long-lived assets may not be recoverable. Examples of events or changes in circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in the market price, a significant change in use, a regulatory decision related to recovery of assets from customers, adverse legal factors or a change in business climate, operating or cash flow losses, or an expectation that the asset might be sold or abandoned. See Note 1(j), Asset Impairment, for our policy on accounting for abandonments. 
 
 Performing an impairment evaluation involves a significant degree of estimation and judgment by management in areas such as identifying circumstances that indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted future cash flows. An impairment loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset in comparison to the fair value of the asset. The fair value of the asset is assessed using various methods, including internally developed discounted cash flow analysis, expected recovery of regulated assets, and analysis from outside advisors. 
 
 See Note 7, Property, Plant, and Equipment for more information on our generating units probable of being retired. See Note 6, Regulatory Assets and Liabilities and Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information on our retired generating units, including various approvals we received from the FERC and the PSCW. 
 2022 Form 10-K 49 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits 
 
 The costs of providing non-contributory defined pension benefits and OPEB, described in Note 18, Employee Benefits, are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. 
 
 Pension and OPEB costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age, compensation levels, and employment periods), the level of contributions made to the plans, and earnings on plan assets. Pension and OPEB costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets, mortality and discount rates, and expected health care cost trends. Changes made to the plan provisions may also impact current and future pension and OPEB costs. 
 
 Pension and OPEB plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual equity and fixed income market returns, as well as changes in general interest rates, may result in increased or decreased benefit costs in future periods. Changes in benefit costs are mitigated through the requirement that we implement escrow accounting treatment for pension and OPEB costs in 2023 and 2024, as required by the December 2022 rate order issued by the PSCW. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information on our 2023 and 2024 rates. 
 
 The following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the projected benefit obligation and the reported net periodic pension cost (including amounts capitalized to our balance sheets). Each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only. 
 Actuarial Assumption 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Percentage-Point Change in Assumption Impact on Projected Benefit Obligation Impact on 2022 Pension Cost Discount rate (0.5) 35.2 1.9 Discount rate 0.5 (31.6) (2.1) Rate of return on plan assets (0.5) N/A 5.3 Rate of return on plan assets 0.5 N/A (5.3) 
 
 The following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the accumulated OPEB obligation and the reported net periodic OPEB cost (including amounts capitalized to our balance sheets). Each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only. 
 Actuarial Assumption 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Percentage-Point Change in Assumption Impact on Postretirement Benefit Obligation Impact on 2022 Postretirement Benefit Cost Discount rate (0.5) 7.4 1.2 Discount rate 0.5 (6.6) (1.2) Health care cost trend rate (0.5) (3.2) (1.3) Health care cost trend rate 0.5 3.7 1.5 Rate of return on plan assets (0.5) N/A 1.3 Rate of return on plan assets 0.5 N/A (1.3) 
 
 The discount rates are selected based on hypothetical bond portfolios consisting of noncallable, high-quality corporate bonds across the full maturity spectrum. From the hypothetical bond portfolios, a single rate is determined that equates the market value of the bonds purchased to the discounted value of the plans' expected future benefit payments. 
 
 We establish our expected return on assets based on consideration of historical and projected asset class returns, as well as the target allocations of the benefit trust portfolios. The assumed long-term rate of return on pension plan assets was 6.75 in 2022, 2021, and 2020. The actual rate of return on pension plan assets, net of fees, was (11.36) , 8.82 , and 10.72 , in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 In selecting assumed health care cost trend rates, past performance and forecasts of health care costs are considered. For more information on health care cost trend rates and a table showing future payments that we expect to make for our pension and OPEB, see Note 18, Employee Benefits. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 50 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Unbilled Revenues 
 
 We record utility operating revenues when energy is delivered to our customers. However, the determination of energy sales to individual customers is based upon the reading of their meters, which occurs on a systematic basis throughout the month. At the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of their last meter reading are estimated and corresponding unbilled revenues are calculated. 
 
 Unbilled revenues are estimated each month based upon actual generation and throughput volumes, recorded sales, estimated customer usage by class, weather factors, estimated line losses, and applicable customer rates. Energy demand for the unbilled period or changes in rate mix due to fluctuations in usage patterns of customer classes could impact the accuracy of the unbilled revenue estimate. Total unbilled utility revenues were 201.5 million and 184.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The changes in unbilled revenues are primarily due to changes in the costs of natural gas, weather, and customer rates. 

Income Tax Expense 
 
 Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. The assumptions involved are supported by historical data, reasonable projections, and interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations across multiple taxing jurisdictions. Significant changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. See Note 1(n), Income Taxes, and Note 15, Income Taxes, for a discussion of accounting for income taxes. 
 
 We are required to estimate income taxes for each of our applicable tax jurisdictions as part of the process of preparing consolidated financial statements. This process involves estimating current income tax liabilities together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation, for income tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our balance sheets. We also assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets will be recovered through future taxable income. To the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance, which is offset by an adjustment to income tax expense in our income statements. 
 
 Uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations, the outcomes of tax audits and appeals, changes in income tax law, enacted tax rates or amounts subject to income tax, and changes in the regulatory treatment of any tax reform benefits requires that judgments and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of effective tax rates. Only income tax benefits that meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold may be recognized or continue to be recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are re-evaluated quarterly and changes are recorded based on new information, including the issuance of relevant guidance by the courts or tax authorities and developments occurring in the examinations of our tax returns. 
 
 We expect our 2023 annual effective tax rate to be between 22.5 and 23.5 . Our effective tax rate calculations are revised every quarter based on the best available year-end tax assumptions, adjusted in the following year after returns are filed. Tax accrual estimates are trued-up to the actual amounts claimed on the tax returns and further adjusted after examinations by taxing authorities, as needed. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Results, Liquidity, and Capital Resources Market Risks and Other Significant Risks, as well as Note 1(o), Fair Value Measurements , Note 1(p), Derivative Instruments, and Note 1(q), Guarantees, for information concerning potential market risks to which we are exposed. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 51 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

A. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wisconsin Electric Power Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wisconsin Electric Power Company and subsidiary (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Impact of rate regulation on financial statements Refer to Notes 6 and 23 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company is subject to regulation by state and federal regulatory bodies (collectively the Commissions which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and gas distribution. Management has determined the Company meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to prepare its financial statements applying the Regulated Operations Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standard Codification. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 52 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of the Company s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, the Company s investment in the utility business. Regulatory decisions can have an impact on the recovery of costs, the rate of return earned on investment, and the timing and amount of assets to be recovered by rates. The Commissions regulation of rates is premised on the full recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Certain items that would otherwise be immediately recognized as revenues and expenses are deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by the Company s regulators. Future decisions of the Commissions will impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of allowable costs and return on invested capital included in rates, and any refunds that may be required. 
 
 While the Company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the Commissions will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, (2) full recovery of all amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment or (3) timely recovery of costs incurred. The Company had 2,817.5 million and 1,638.8 million of regulatory assets and liabilities, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. Given that management s accounting judgments can be based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the Commissions included the following procedures, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over regulatory assets and liabilities, including management s controls over the identification of costs recorded as regulatory assets and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates. 
 
 We inquired of Company management and independently obtained and read: (1) relevant regulatory orders issued by the state and federal Commissions for the Company and other public utilities, (2) company filings, (3) filings made by intervenors and (4) other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the Commissions treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. To assess completeness, we evaluated the information obtained and compared it to management s recorded regulatory asset and liability balances. 
 
 For regulatory matters in process, we inspected the Company s filings with the Commissions and the filings with the Commissions by intervenors that may impact the Company s future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. 
 
 We obtained management s analysis regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 

/s/ 

February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 53 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 B. CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
 Year Ended December 31 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues Operating expenses Cost of sales Other operation and maintenance Depreciation and amortization Property and revenue taxes Total operating expenses Operating income Other income, net Interest expense Other expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividend requirements Net income attributed to common shareholder 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 54 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 C. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 At December 31 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and unbilled revenues, net of reserves of and respectively 
 Accounts receivable from related parties Materials, supplies, and inventories Prepaid taxes Other prepayments Other Current assets Long-term assets Property, plant, and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 
 Regulatory assets (December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 include and , respectively, related to WEPCo Environmental Trust) 
 Pension and OPEB assets Other Long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt (related to WEPCo Environmental Trust) Current portion of finance lease obligations Accounts payable Accounts payable to related parties Other Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Long-term debt (December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 include and , respectively, related to WEPCo Environmental Trust) 
 Finance lease obligations Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Pension and OPEB obligations Other Long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 21) Common shareholder's equity Common stock par value; shares authorized; shares outstanding 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Common shareholder's equity Preferred stock Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 2022 Form 10-K 55 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 D. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Reconciliation to cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes and ITCs, net ) ) Net change in transmission regulatory asset and liability ) Change in Accounts receivable and unbilled revenues, net ) ) ) Materials, supplies, and inventories ) ) Collateral on deposit ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Other current liabilities ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Payments for ATC's construction costs that will be reimbursed ) ) ) Proceeds from assets transferred to affiliates Insurance proceeds received for property damage Other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Change in short-term debt Issuance of long-term debt Retirement of long-term debt ) ) Payments for finance lease obligations ) ) ) Equity contribution from parent Payment of dividends to parent ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 56 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 E. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company Common Shareholder's Equity Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Retained Earnings Total Common Shareholder's Equity Preferred Stock Total Equity (in millions) Balance at December 31, 2019 Net income attributed to common shareholder Payment of dividends to parent ) ) ) Equity contribution from parent Stock-based compensation and other ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income attributed to common shareholder Payment of dividends to parent ) ) ) Equity contribution from parent Stock-based compensation and other Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income attributed to common shareholder Payment of dividends to parent ) ) ) Equity contribution from parent Stock-based compensation and other ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 57 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 F. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 

or less. 

distinct performance obligation satisfied over time, as the electricity is delivered and consumed by the customer simultaneously. For our residential and commercial and industrial customers, our performance obligation is bundled to consist of both the sale and the delivery of the electric commodity. 
 
 The transaction price of the performance obligations for residential and commercial and industrial customers is valued using the rates, charges, terms, and conditions of service included in our tariffs, which have been approved by the PSCW. These rates often have a fixed component customer charge and a usage-based variable component charge. We recognize revenue for the fixed component customer charge monthly using a time-based output method. We recognize revenue for the usage-based variable component charge using an output method based on the quantity of electricity delivered each month. Our retail electric rates in Wisconsin include base amounts for fuel and purchased power costs, which also impact our revenues. The electric fuel rules set by the PSCW allow us to defer, for subsequent rate recovery or refund, under- or over-collections of actual fuel and purchased power costs beyond a price variance from the costs included in the rates charged to customers. We monitor the deferral of under-collected costs to ensure that it does not cause us to earn a greater ROE than authorized by the PSCW. In addition, our residential tariffs include a mechanism for cost recovery or refund of uncollectible expense based on the difference between actual uncollectible write-offs and the amounts recovered in rates. 
 
 Wholesale customers who resell power can choose to either bundle capacity and electricity services together under contract with a supplier or purchase capacity and electricity separately from multiple suppliers. Furthermore, wholesale customers can choose to have us provide generation to match the customer's load, similar to requirements contracts, or they can purchase specified quantities of electricity and capacity. Contracts with wholesale customers that include capacity bundled with the delivery of electricity contain performance obligations, as capacity and electricity are often transacted separately in the marketplace at the wholesale level. When recognizing revenue associated with these contracts, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Revenue is recognized as control of each individual component is transferred to the customer. Electricity is the primary product sold by our electric operations and represents a single performance obligation satisfied over time through discrete deliveries to a customer. Revenue from electricity sales is generally recognized as 
 2022 Form 10-K 58 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 days. 
 
 Natural Gas Utility Operating Revenues 
 
 We recognize natural gas utility operating revenues under requirements contracts with residential, commercial and industrial, and transportation customers served under our tariffs. Tariffs provide our customers with the standard terms and conditions, including rates, related to the services offered. Requirements contracts provide for the delivery of as much natural gas as the customer needs. These requirements contracts represent discrete deliveries of natural gas and constitute a single performance obligation satisfied over time. Our performance obligation is both created and satisfied with the transfer of control of natural gas upon delivery to the customer. For most of our customers, natural gas is delivered and consumed by the customer simultaneously. A performance obligation can be bundled to consist of both the sale and the delivery of the natural gas commodity. In certain of our service territories, customers can purchase the commodity from a third party. In this case, the performance obligation only includes the delivery of the natural gas to the customer. 
 
 The transaction price of the performance obligations for our natural gas customers is valued using rates, charges, terms, and conditions of service included in our tariffs, which have been approved by the PSCW. These rates often have a fixed component customer charge and a usage-based variable component charge. We recognize revenue for the fixed component customer charge monthly using a time-based output method. We recognize revenue for the usage-based variable component charge using an output method based on natural gas delivered each month. 
 
 Our tariffs include various rate mechanisms that allow us to recover or refund changes in prudently incurred costs from rate case-approved amounts. Our rates include a one-for-one recovery mechanism for natural gas commodity costs. Under normal circumstances, we defer any difference between actual natural gas costs incurred and costs recovered through rates as a current asset or liability. The deferred balance is returned to or recovered from customers at intervals throughout the year. However, as a result of the extreme weather in the Midwest in February 2021, the cost of gas purchased for our natural gas customers was temporarily driven significantly higher than our normal winter weather expectations. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information on the recovery of these high natural gas costs. 
 
 In addition, our residential tariffs include a mechanism for cost recovery or refund of uncollectible expense based on the difference between actual uncollectible write-offs and the amounts recovered in rates. 
 
 Consistent with the timing of when we recognize revenue, customer billings generally occur on a monthly basis, with payments typically due in full within days. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 59 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

accounts receivable and unbilled revenue balances were reported in the other segment at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We evaluate the collectability of our accounts receivable and unbilled revenue balances considering a combination of factors. For some of our larger customers and also in circumstances where we become aware of a specific customer's inability to meet its financial obligations to us, we record a specific allowance for credit losses against amounts due in order to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we reasonably believe will be collected. For all other customers, we use the accounts receivable aging method to calculate an allowance for credit losses. Using this method, we classify accounts receivable into different aging buckets and calculate a reserve percentage for each aging bucket based upon historical loss rates. The calculated reserve percentages are updated on at least an annual basis, in order to ensure recent macroeconomic, political, and regulatory trends are captured in the calculation, to the extent possible. Risks identified that we do not believe are reflected in the calculated reserve percentages, are assessed on a quarterly basis to determine whether further adjustments are required. 

Natural gas in storage Fossil fuel Total 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 60 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

, , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 We capitalize certain costs related to software developed or obtained for internal use and record these costs to amortization expense over the estimated useful life of the related software, which ranges from to years. If software is retired prior to being fully amortized, the difference is recorded as a loss on the income statement. 
 
 Third parties reimburse us for all or a portion of expenditures for certain capital projects. Such contributions in aid of construction costs are recorded as a reduction to property, plant, and equipment. 

of our retail jurisdictional CWIP expenditures are subject to the AFUDC calculation. Our average AFUDC retail rate was for 2022, 2021, and 2020. Our average AFUDC wholesale rates were , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 AFUDC Equity 

million of indefinite-lived intangible assets related to the purchase of spectrum frequencies during 2022. The spectrum frequencies enable us to transmit data and voice communications over a wavelength dedicated to us throughout our service territory. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are included in other long-term assets on our balance sheet. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset is not recoverable and exceeds the fair value of the asset. An impairment loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the intangible assets over its fair value. impairment loss was recorded for our indefinite-lived intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 2022 Form 10-K 61 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

million shares of WEC Energy Group common stock are reserved for issuance under the plan. 
 
 . 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Our employees are granted WEC Energy Group non-qualified stock options that generally vest on a cliff-basis after . The exercise price of a stock option under the plan cannot be less than of the fair market value of WEC Energy Group common stock on the grant date. Historically, all stock options have been granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of WEC Energy Group common stock on the date of the grant. Options vest immediately upon retirement, death, or disability; however, they may not be exercised within of the grant date except in connection with certain termination of employment events following a change in control. Options expire no later than years from the date of grant. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 62 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

Estimated weighted-average fair value per stock option Assumptions used to value the options: Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield Expected volatility Expected life (years) 
 
 The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury interest rate with a term consistent with the expected life of the stock options. The dividend yield was based on WEC Energy Group's dividend rate at the time of the grant and historical stock prices. Expected volatility and expected life assumptions were based on WEC Energy Group's historical experience. 
 
 Restricted Shares 
 
 WEC Energy Group restricted shares granted to our employees have a vesting period of with one-third of the award vesting on each anniversary of the grant date. The restricted shares are classified as equity awards. 
 
 Performance Units 
 
 Officers and other key employees are granted performance units under the WEC Energy Group Performance Unit Plan. All grants of performance units are settled in cash and are accounted for as liability awards accordingly. Performance units accrue forfeitable dividend equivalents in the form of additional performance units. The fair value of the performance units reflects our estimate of the final expected value of the awards, which is based on WEC Energy Group's stock price and performance achievement under the terms of the award. Stock-based compensation costs are generally recorded over the performance period, which is . 
 
 The ultimate number of units that will be awarded is dependent on WEC Energy Group's total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus dividends) as compared to the total shareholder return of a peer group of companies over , as well as other performance metrics, as may be determined by the Compensation Committee. Under the terms of awards granted prior to 2023, participants may earn between and of the performance unit award based on WEC Energy Group's total shareholder return. Pursuant to the plan terms governing these awards, these percentages can be adjusted upwards or downwards by up to based on WEC Energy Group's performance against additional performance measures, if any, adopted by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 The WEC Energy Group Performance Unit Plan was amended and restated, effective January 1, 2023. In accordance with the amended plan, the Compensation Committee selected multiple performance measures that will be weighted to determine the ultimate payout for the awards granted in 2023. The ultimate number of units awarded will be based on WEC Energy Group's total shareholder return compared to the total shareholder return of a peer group of companies over ), and WEC Energy Group's performance against the weighted average authorized ROE of all of its utility subsidiaries ). In addition, the Compensation Committee selected the level of WEC Energy Group's stock price to earnings ratio compared to its peer companies as a performance measure that can increase the payout by up to . In no event can the performance unit payout be greater than of the target award. 
 
 See Note 10, Common Equity, for more information on WEC Energy Group's stock-based compensation plans. 

. As a policy election, we account for each lease component separately from the nonlease components of a contract. 

2022 Form 10-K 63 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

2022 Form 10-K 64 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

million of standby letters of credit issued by financial institutions for the benefit of third parties that have extended credit to us, which automatically renew each year unless proper termination notice is given. These amounts are not reflected on our balance sheets. 

2022 Form 10-K 65 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

customers that accounted for more than of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 2 
 
 MW dual fueled (natural gas and low sulfur fuel oil) combined cycle electrical generation facility in Whitewater, Wisconsin. Our share of the cost of this facility was approximately million for of the capacity, which excludes working capital and transaction costs. See Note 14, Leases, for more information. 

NOTE 3 
 
 Amounts due from ATC for transmission infrastructure upgrades (1) 
 Accounts payable Services received from ATC 
 
 (1) The transmission infrastructure upgrades were primarily related to the construction of our renewable energy projects. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 66 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Charges to WPS for services and other items (2) 
 Charges from WPS for services and other items (2) 
 Transactions with WG Natural gas related purchases from WG (1) 
 Natural gas related sales to WG (1) 
 Charges to WG for services and other items (2) 
 Charges from WG for services and other items (2) 
 Transactions with UMERC Charges to UMERC for services and other items (2) 
 Transactions with Bluewater Storage service fees Natural gas related sales to Bluewater (1) 
 Charges to Bluewater for services and other items (2) 
 Transactions with We Power Lease payments and other lease-related charges from We Power (3) 
 Charges to We Power for services and other items (2) 
 Transactions with WBS Charges to WBS for services and other items (2) 
 (4) 
 Charges from WBS for services and other items (2) 
 Transactions with ATC Charges to ATC for services and construction Charges from ATC for network transmission services Net refund (payment) from (to) ATC related to FERC ROE orders ) 
 
 (1) Includes amounts related to the purchase or sale of natural gas and/or pipeline capacity. 
 
 (2) Includes amounts charged for services, pass through costs, asset and liability transfers, and other items in accordance with the approved AIA. 
 
 (3) We make lease payments to We Power for PWGS Units 1 and 2 and ERGS Units 1 and 2. See Note 14, Leases, for more information. 
 
 (4) Includes million for the transfer of certain software assets to WBS. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 67 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4 
 
 Natural gas utility Total revenues from contracts with customers Other operating revenues Total operating revenues 
 
 Revenues from Contracts with Customers 
 
 Electric Utility Operating Revenues 
 
 Small commercial and industrial Large commercial and industrial Other Total retail revenues Wholesale Resale Steam Other utility revenues ) Total electric utility operating revenues 
 
 Natural Gas Utility Operating Revenues 
 
 Commercial and industrial Total retail revenues Transportation Other utility revenues (1) 
 ) Total natural gas utility operating revenues 
 
 (1) Includes the revenues subject to our purchased gas recovery mechanism. As these amounts are billed to customers, they are reflected in retail revenues with an offsetting decrease in other utility revenues. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 68 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Rental revenues Alternative revenues (2) 
 ) Total other operating revenues 
 
 (1) The increase in late payment charges during 2021, compared with 2020, was a result of the expiration of a regulatory order from the PSCW in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which included the suspension of late payment charges during a designated time period. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information. 

NOTE 5 
 
 Allowance for credit losses Accounts receivable and unbilled revenues, net (1) 
 Total accounts receivable, net past due greater than 90 days (1) 
 Past due greater than 90 days collection risk mitigated by regulatory mechanisms (1) 

million, or , of our net accounts receivable and unbilled revenues balance had regulatory protections in place to mitigate the exposure to credit losses. 
 
 Provision for credit losses Provision for credit losses deferred for future recovery or refund ) Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) ) Recoveries of amounts previously written off Balance at December 31 
 
 The allowance for credit losses decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by customer write-offs related to collection practices returning to pre-pandemic levels in 2021, including the restoration of our ability to disconnect customers. After a customer is disconnected for a period of time without payment on their account, we will write off that customer balance. Partially offsetting the decrease in the allowance for credit losses, we believe that the high energy costs that customers are seeing, which have been driven by high natural gas prices, contributed to higher past due accounts receivable balances and a related increase in the allowance of credit losses. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses decreased during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to normal collection practices resuming in April 2021. Higher year-over-year natural gas prices drove an increase in gross accounts receivable balances, partially offsetting the decrease in the allowance for credit losses attributed to collection efforts. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 69 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 6 
 
 14 Plant retirement related items Income tax related items 15 Pension and OPEB costs (3) 
 18 SSR (4) 
 Securitization 20 AROs 1(k), 9 Derivatives 1(p) We Power generation (5) 
 Energy efficiency programs (6) 
 Uncollectible expense 5 Other, net Total regulatory assets Balance sheet presentation Other current assets Regulatory assets Total regulatory assets 
 
 (1) Based on prior and current rate treatment, we believe it is probable that we will continue to recover from customers the regulatory assets in this table. In accordance with GAAP, our regulatory assets do not include the allowance for ROE that is capitalized for regulatory purposes. This allowance was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, we had million of regulatory assets not earning a return, million of regulatory assets earning a return based on short-term interest rates, and million of regulatory assets earning a return based on long-term interest rates. The regulatory assets not earning a return relate to certain environmental remediation costs. The other regulatory assets in the table either earn a return at our weighted average cost of capital or the cash has not yet been expended, in which case the regulatory assets are offset by liabilities. 
 
 (3) Primarily represents the unrecognized future pension and OPEB costs related to our defined benefit pension and OPEB plans. We are authorized recovery of these regulatory assets over the average remaining service life of each plan. 
 
 (4) This regulatory asset relates to our 2014 announcement to retire the PIPP. Despite our intent to retire the PIPP, MISO designated the PIPP as an SSR, which meant the PIPP's operation was necessary for reliability, and the plant could not be shut down until new generation or transmission facilities were built. In December 2014, the PSCW authorized escrow accounting for our SSR revenues because of the fluctuations in the actual revenues we received under the PIPP SSR agreements. The rate order we received from the PSCW in December 2019 authorized recovery of this SSR regulatory asset over a -year period that began on January 1, 2020. 
 
 (5) Represents amounts recoverable from customers related to our costs of the generating units leased from We Power, including subsequent capital additions. 
 
 (6) Represents amounts recoverable from customers related to programs designed to meet energy efficiency standards. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 70 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax related items 15 Pension and OPEB benefits (2) 
 18 Derivatives 1(p) Electric transmission costs (3) 
 Uncollectible expense 5 Other, net Total regulatory liabilities Balance sheet presentation Other current liabilities Regulatory liabilities Total regulatory liabilities 
 
 (1) Represents amounts collected from customers to cover the future cost of property, plant, and equipment removals that are not legally required. Legal obligations related to the removal of property, plant, and equipment are recorded as AROs. See Note 9, Asset Retirement Obligations, for more information on our legal obligations. 
 
 (2) Primarily represents the unrecognized future pension and OPEB benefits related to our defined benefit pension and OPEB plans. We will amortize these regulatory liabilities into net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service life of each plan. 
 
 million of our transmission regulatory liabilities to offset certain 2022 revenue deficiencies, as approved by the PSCW in order to forego filing for 2022 base rate increases. See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information. 
 
 Pleasant Prairie Power Plant 
 
 The Pleasant Prairie power plant was retired on April 10, 2018. The net book value of this plant was million at December 31, 2022, representing book value less cost of removal and accumulated depreciation. In addition, previously deferred unprotected tax benefits from the Tax Legislation related to the unrecovered balance of this plant were million as of December 31, 2022. The net amount of million was classified as a regulatory asset on our balance sheet at December 31, 2022 due to the retirement of the plant. This regulatory asset does not include certain other previously recorded deferred tax liabilities of million related to the retired Pleasant Prairie power plant. Pursuant to our rate order issued by the PSCW in December 2019, we will continue to amortize this regulatory asset on a straight-line basis through 2039, using the composite depreciation rates approved by the PSCW before this plant was retired. The amortization is included in depreciation and amortization in the income statement. We also have FERC approval to continue to collect the net book value of the Pleasant Prairie power plant using the approved composite depreciation rates, in addition to a return on the remaining net book value. 
 
 We received approval from the PSCW in December 2019 to collect a full return of the net book value of the Pleasant Prairie power plant and a return on all but million of the net book value. During May 2021, we securitized the remaining million of the Pleasant Prairie power plant's book value, the carrying costs accrued on the million during the securitization process, and the related financing fees, in accordance with a written order issued by the PSCW in November 2020. See Note 20, Variable Interest Entities, for more information on this securitization. 
 
 Presque Isle Power Plant 
 
 Pursuant to MISO's April 2018 approval of the retirement of the PIPP, these units were retired on March 31, 2019, and the plant was reclassified to a regulatory asset on our balance sheets. After the retirement of the PIPP, a portion of the regulatory asset and related cost of removal reserve was transferred to UMERC for recovery from its retail customers. On our balance sheet, the net book value of the PIPP was million at December 31, 2022, representing book value less cost of removal and accumulated depreciation. In addition, previously deferred unprotected tax benefits from the Tax Legislation related to our unrecovered balance of these units were million, resulting in a net amount of million at December 31, 2022. This regulatory asset does not include certain other previously recorded deferred tax liabilities of million related to the retired PIPP. Effective with our rate 
 2022 Form 10-K 71 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 7 
 
 Electric distribution Natural gas distribution, storage, and transmission Property, plant, and equipment to be retired Other Less: Accumulated depreciation Net CWIP Net utility and non-utility property, plant, and equipment Property under finance leases Less: Accumulated amortization Net leased facilities Total property, plant, and equipment 
 
 Severance Liability for Plant Retirements 
 
 We have severance liabilities related to past and future plant retirements recorded in other current liabilities on our balance sheets. 
 Severance expense Severance payments ) ) Other ) Total severance liability at December 31 
 
 Plant to be Retired 
 
 Oak Creek Power Plant Units 5 - 8 
 
 As a result of a PSCW approval for the construction of a solar and battery project received in December 2022, retirement of the OCPP generating units 5 - 8 became probable. OCPP units 5 and 6 are expected to be retired by May 2024, while units 7 and 8 are expected to be retired by late 2025. The total net book value of our ownership share of units 5 - 8 was million at December 31, 2022, which does not include deferred taxes. These amounts were classified as plant to be retired within property, plant, and equipment on our balance sheet. These units are included in rate base, and we continue to depreciate them on a straight-line basis using the composite depreciation rates approved by the PSCW. 
 
 Public Service Building and Steam Tunnel Assets 
 
 During a significant rain event in May 2020, an underground steam tunnel in downtown Milwaukee flooded and steam vented into our PSB. The damage to the building and adjacent steam tunnel assets from the flooding and steam was extensive and required significant repairs and restorations. As of December 31, 2022, we had incurred million of costs related to these repairs and restorations. In 2020, we received million of insurance proceeds to cover a portion of these costs and wrote off million 
 2022 Form 10-K 72 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 million of insurance proceeds as a result of a settlement that was reached in February 2022. The remaining million of costs is expected to be recovered through rates. 
 
 In June 2021, we received approval from the PSCW to restore the PSB and adjacent steam tunnel assets and to defer the project costs, net of insurance proceeds, as a component of rate base. As such, and in light of the agreement with insurers noted above, we do not currently expect a significant impact to our future results of operations. 

NOTE 8 
 
 , or MW, of this project. Commercial operation is targeted for 2023. The CWIP balance for Badger Hollow II was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, received PSCW approval to construct Paris, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Kenosha County, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own , or MW of solar generation and MW of battery storage of this project. Commercial operation of the solar facility is targeted for 2023. The CWIP balance for Paris was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, received PSCW approval to construct Darien, a utility-scale solar-powered electric generating facility with a battery energy storage system. The project will be located in Rock and Walworth counties, Wisconsin and once fully constructed, we will own , or MW of solar generation and MW of battery storage of this project. Commercial operation of the solar facility is targeted for 2024. The CWIP balance for Darien was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We, along with WPS, received PSCW approval to construct a natural gas-fired generation facility at WPS's existing Weston power plant site in northern Wisconsin. The new facility will consist of RICE units. Once constructed, we will own , or MW of this project. Commercial operation is targeted for 2023. The CWIP balance for the Weston RICE units was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2023, we, along with WPS, completed the acquisition of Whitewater, a commercially operational MW dual fueled (natural gas and low sulfur fuel oil) combined cycle electrical generation facility in Whitewater, Wisconsin. Our share of the cost of this facility was approximately million for of the capacity, which includes transaction costs and working capital. See Note 14, Leases, for more information. 
 
 Our proportionate share of direct expenses for the joint operation of these plants is recorded in operating expenses in the income statements. We have supplied our own financing for all jointly owned projects. 

NOTE 9 

Accretion Additions and revisions to estimated cash flows (2) 
 ) (3) 
 Liabilities settled ) (1) 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 
 (1) During 2022, AROs decreased million due to partial settlements related to landfill monitoring costs, landfill closure activities, and a reduction in the number of distribution substations containing asbestos. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 73 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 million in 2021, due to revisions made to removal estimates for Blue Sky, Glacier Hills Wind Park, and Montfort Wind Energy Center. 

NOTE 10 
 
 Restricted stock Performance units Stock-based compensation expense Related tax benefit 
 
 Stock-based compensation costs capitalized during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not significant. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Transferred ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable options in the above table represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value that would have been received by the option holders had they exercised all of their options on December 31, 2022. This is calculated as the difference between WEC Energy Group's closing stock price on December 31, 2022, and the option exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money stock options. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Cash received by WEC Energy Group from exercises of its options by our employees was million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The actual tax benefit from option exercises for the same periods was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expected to recognize approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested and outstanding WEC Energy Group stock options over the next years on a weighted-average basis. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Compensation Committee awarded non-qualified WEC Energy Group stock options with an exercise price of and a weighted-average grant date fair value of per option to certain of our officers and other key employees under its normal schedule of awarding long-term incentive compensation. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 74 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released ) Transferred ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The intrinsic value of WEC Energy Group restricted stock held by our employees that was released was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The actual tax benefit from released restricted shares was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expected to recognize approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested and outstanding WEC Energy Group restricted stock over the next years on a weighted-average basis. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Compensation Committee awarded WEC Energy Group restricted shares to our officers and other key employees under its normal schedule of awarding long-term incentive compensation. The grant date fair value of these awards was per share. 
 
 Performance Units 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Compensation Committee awarded ; ; and WEC Energy Group performance units, respectively, to our officers and other key employees under the WEC Energy Group Performance Unit Plan. 
 
 Performance units with an intrinsic value of million, million, and million were settled during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The actual tax benefit from the distribution of performance units for the same years was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our employees held WEC Energy Group performance units, including dividend equivalents. A liability of million was recorded on our balance sheet at December 31, 2022 related to these outstanding units. As of December 31, 2022, we expected to recognize approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested and outstanding WEC Energy Group performance units over the next years on a weighted-average basis. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, performance units held by our employees with an intrinsic value of million were settled. The actual tax benefit from the distribution of these awards was million. In January 2023, the Compensation Committee also awarded WEC Energy Group performance units to our officers and other key employees under its normal schedule of awarding long-term incentive compensation. 
 
 Restrictions 
 
 Various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements impose certain restrictions on our ability to transfer funds to WEC Energy Group in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances. In addition, Wisconsin law prohibits us from making loans to or guaranteeing obligations of WEC Energy Group or its subsidiaries. 
 
 In accordance with our most recent rate order, we may not pay common dividends above the test year forecasted amount reflected in our rate case, if it would cause our average common equity ratio, on a financial basis, to fall below our authorized level of . A return of capital in excess of the test year amount can be paid by us at the end of the year provided that our average common equity ratio does not fall below the authorized level. 
 
 We may not pay common dividends to WEC Energy Group under our Restated Articles of Incorporation if any dividends on our outstanding preferred stock have not been paid. In addition, pursuant to the terms of our Serial Preferred Stock, our ability to 
 2022 Form 10-K 75 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 or of net income during a -month period if our common stock equity to total capitalization, as defined in the preferred stock designation, is less than and , respectively. 
 
 See Note 12, Short-Term Debt and Lines of Credit, for a discussion of certain financial covenants related to our short-term debt obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our restricted retained earnings totaled approximately billion. 
 
 We do not believe that these restrictions will materially affect our operations or limit any dividend payments in the foreseeable future. 

NOTE 11 
 
 par value, Six Per Cent. Preferred Stock 
 par value, Serial Preferred Stock Series 
 par value, Serial Preferred Stock 
 Total 

NOTE 12 
 
 Average interest rate on amounts outstanding at December 31 
 
 Our average amount of commercial paper borrowings based on daily outstanding balances during 2022 was million, with a weighted-average interest rate during the period of . 
 
 We have entered into a bank back-up credit facility to maintain short-term credit liquidity which, among other terms, requires us to maintain, subject to certain exclusions, a total funded debt to capitalization ratio of or less. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with this ratio. 
 
 Less: Letters of credit issued inside credit facility Commercial paper outstanding Available capacity under existing agreement 
 
 This facility has a renewal provision for extensions, subject to lender approval. Each extension is for a period of . 
 
 Our bank back-up credit facility contains customary covenants, including certain limitations on our ability to sell assets. The credit facility also contains customary events of default, including payment defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, bankruptcy proceedings, certain judgments, Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 defaults and change of control. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 76 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13 
 
 2024 2025 2028 2028 2032 2033 2036 2042 2044 2045 2048 2095 WEPCo Environmental Trust (secured, 
 nonrecourse) (1) (2) 
 2023-2035 Total Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unamortized discount, net ) ) Total long-term debt, including current portion Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 (1) WEPCo Environmental Trust s ETBs are secured by a pledge of and lien on environmental control property, which includes the right to impose, collect and receive a non-bypassable environmental control charge paid by all of our retail electric distribution customers, the right to obtain true-up adjustments of the environmental control charge, and all revenues or other proceeds arising from those rights and interests. See Note 20, Variable Interest Entities, for more information. 
 
 (2) The long-term debt of WEPCo Environmental Trust requires periodic principal payments. 
 
 We amortize debt premiums, discounts, and debt issuance costs over the life of the debt using the straight-line method and we include the costs in interest expense. 
 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 
 
 In September 2022, we issued million of Debentures due September 30, 2032, and intend to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds for the construction and development of eligible green expenditures, which include existing and new expenditures for the acquisition, construction and development of wind and solar electric generating facilities and related energy storage assets. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Our long-term debt obligations contain covenants related to payment of principal and interest when due and various other obligations. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations. 
 2022 Form 10-K 77 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14 
 
 -year PPA with LSP-Whitewater Limited Partnership. The contract, for MWs of firm capacity from a natural gas-fired cogeneration facility, included minimum energy requirements. The PPA expired on May 31, 2022; however, in November 2021, we entered into a tolling agreement with LSP-Whitewater Limited Partnership that commenced on June 1, 2022. Concurrent with the execution of the tolling agreement, we entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire a ownership interest in the natural gas-fired cogeneration facility, and our share of the cost was million, which excludes working capital and transaction costs. This asset purchase agreement was approved by the PSCW in December 2022, and the acquisition closed effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 Port Washington Generating Station 
 
 We are leasing PWGS 1 and PWGS 2, MW natural gas-fired generation units, which were placed in service in July 2005 and May 2008, respectively, from We Power under PSCW approved leases. We are amortizing the leased units on a straight-line basis over the original -year term of the leases. The lease payments are expected to be recovered through our rates, as supported by Wisconsin's 2001 leased generation law. 
 
 The only variability associated with the PWGS lease payments relates to the potential for future changes in We Power's tax or interest rates, as the positive or negative impact of these changes is generally passed along to us, and subsequently to our customers. Because variability in the lease payments is dependent upon a rate (interest rate or tax rate), the lease payments are considered unavoidable under Topic 842, and are included in the measurement of the right of use asset and lease liability. 
 
 When the PWGS 1 and PWGS 2 contracts expire in 2030 and 2033, respectively, we may, at our option and with proper notice, choose to renew or both contracts for up to consecutive renewal terms (each renewal term would approximate of the then remaining economic useful life of the respective generation unit), purchase or both generating facilities at fair market value, or allow the contracts to expire. 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station 
 
 We are leasing ER 1, ER 2, and the common facilities, which are also utilized by our OC 5 through OC 8 generating units, from We Power under PSCW approved leases. We are amortizing the leased units on a straight-line basis over the -year term of the leases. ER 1 and ER 2 were placed in service in February 2010 and January 2011, respectively. The lease payments are expected to be recovered through our rates, as supported by Wisconsin's 2001 leased generation law. 
 2022 Form 10-K 78 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

or both contracts for up to consecutive renewal terms (each renewal term would approximate of the then remaining economic useful life of the respective generation unit), purchase or both generating facilities at fair market value, or allow the contracts to expire. 
 
 Land Leases - Utility Solar Generation 
 
 We, along with WPS and an unaffiliated utility, have entered into various land leases related to our investments in utility-scale solar generation. Each lease has an initial term and or more optional extensions. We expect the optional extensions to be exercised, and, as a result, all of the land leases are being amortized over an extended term of approximately years. Once a solar project achieves commercial operation, the lease liability is remeasured to reflect the final total acres being leased. Our payments related to these leases are being recovered through rates. 
 
 Amounts Recognized in the Financial Statements and Other Information 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities (2) 
 Operating lease expense (3) 
 Total lease expense Other information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows for finance leases Operating cash flows for operating leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Non-cash activities: Right of use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term finance leases years years years Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate finance leases (4) 
 Weighted average discount rate operating leases (4) 

(1) Amortization of right of use assets was included as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 (2) Interest on lease liabilities was included as a component of interest expense. 
 
 (3) Operating lease expense was included as a component of operation and maintenance expense. 
 
 (4) Because our operating leases and our power purchase commitment and solar land leases accounted for as finance leases do not provide an implicit rate of return, we used the fully collateralized incremental borrowing rates based upon information available for similarly rated companies in determining the present value of lease payments. For the PWGS and ERGS units that meet the definition of a finance lease, the rate implicit in the lease was readily determinable. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 79 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Other long-term assets Finance lease right of use assets, net Power purchase commitment PWGS ERGS Land leases utility solar generation Total finance lease right of use assets, net (1) 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net Lease obligations Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Current finance lease liabilities Power purchase commitment PWGS ERGS Total current finance lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease obligations Long-term finance lease liabilities PWGS ERGS Land leases utility solar generation Total long-term finance lease liabilities Finance lease obligations 
 
 (1) Amounts are net of accumulated amortization of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Interest ) ) ) ) ) Present value of minimum lease payments Less: Short-term lease liabilities ) ) ) ) ) Long-term lease liabilities 
 
 As of February 23, 2023, we have not entered into any material leases that have not yet commenced. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 80 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net ) ) ITCs ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 Statutory Rate Reconciliation 
 
 State income taxes net of federal tax benefit Federal excess deferred tax amortization (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) AFUDC Equity ) ) ) ) ) ) PTCs ) ) ) ) ) ) ITC restored ) ) ) ) ) ) Domestic production activities deferral Federal excess deferred tax amortization Wisconsin unprotected (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Other, net Total income tax expense 
 
 (1) The Tax Legislation required us to remeasure our deferred income taxes and we began to amortize the resulting excess protected deferred income taxes beginning in 2018 in accordance with normalization requirements. The decrease in income tax expense related to the amortization of the deferred tax benefits is offset by a decrease in revenue as the benefits are returned to customers, resulting in impact on net income. 
 
 (2) In accordance with the rate order received from the PSCW in December 2019, the majority of our net unprotected deferred tax benefits related to electric operations were amortized to reduce near-term impacts to our customers over a period of , beginning with 2020. Consistent with the same rate order, the net unprotected tax expense related to gas and steam operations continues to be amortized over a period of , which began in 2020. The increase (decrease) in income tax expense related to the amortization of the deferred taxes is offset by an increase (decrease) in revenue as amounts are either collected from or returned to customers, resulting in impact on net income. 
 
 See Note 23, Regulatory Environment, for more information about the impact of the Tax Legislation and the Wisconsin rate order. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 81 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred revenues Future tax benefits Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property-related Deferred costs plant retirements Employee benefits and compensation Deferred costs SSR Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax liability, net 
 
 Consistent with ratemaking treatment, deferred taxes in the table above are offset for temporary differences that have related regulatory assets and liabilities. 
 
 2041 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 2021 (in millions) 
 Gross Value Deferred Tax Effect Earliest Year of Expiration Future tax benefits as of December 31, 2021 Federal tax credit 2041 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 We had unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We do not expect any unrecognized tax benefits to affect our effective tax rate in periods after December 31, 2022. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income statements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had interest accrued and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits on our balance sheets. 
 
 We do not anticipate any significant increases in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 
 
 Our primary tax jurisdictions include federal and the state of Wisconsin. With a few exceptions we are no longer subject to federal income tax examinations by the IRS for years prior to 2019. As of December 31, 2022, we were subject to examination by the Wisconsin taxing authority for tax years 2018 through 2022. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 82 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 16 
 
 FTRs Coal contracts Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities Natural gas contracts 
 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Derivative assets Natural gas contracts FTRs Coal contracts Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities Natural gas contracts 
 
 The derivative assets and liabilities listed in the tables above include options, futures, physical commodity contracts, and other instruments used to manage market risks related to changes in commodity prices. They also include FTRs, which are used to manage electric transmission congestion costs in the MISO Energy Markets. 
 
 Purchases Settlements ) ) ) Balance at the end of the period 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Long-term debt, including current portion 
 
 The fair values of our long-term debt and preferred stock are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 83 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 17 
 
 of the derivatives shown below were designated as hedging instruments. 
 FTRs Coal contracts Total current Long-term Natural gas contracts Coal contracts Total long-term Total 
 
 Realized gains and losses on derivatives are primarily recorded in cost of sales upon settlement; however, they may be subsequently deferred for future rate recovery or refund as the gains and losses are included in our fuel and natural gas cost recovery mechanisms. 
 Dth 
 Dth 
 Dth 
 ) FTRs MWh 
 MWh 
 MWh 
 Total ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had posted cash collateral of million and million, respectively. We had also received cash collateral of million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Gross amount not offset on the balance sheet ) ) (1) 
 ) (2) 
 ) Net amount 
 
 (1) Includes cash collateral posted of million. 
 
 (2) Includes cash collateral received of million. 

NOTE 18 

2022 Form 10-K 84 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Plan amendments ) Net transfer from/to affiliates ) Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Federal subsidy on benefits paid N/A N/A Transfer Obligation at December 31 Change in fair value of plan assets Fair value at January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Net transfer from/to affiliates ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Fair value at December 31 Funded status at December 31 ) 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, we had actuarial gains related to our pension benefit obligations of million and million, respectively, both of which were primarily driven by changes in our discount rates. The discount rate for our pension benefits was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, we had actuarial gains related to our OPEB benefit obligation of million and million, respectively, both of which were primarily driven by changes in our discount rates. The discount rate for our OPEB benefits was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Pension and OPEB obligations Total net assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 85 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 plan assets related to these pension plans. Amounts presented are as of December 31: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 plan assets related to these pension plans. Amounts presented are as of December 31: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Projected benefit obligation 
 
 We do not have any OPEB plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. 
 
 ) ) Prior service credits ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan settlement Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) ) ) 
 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Interest credit rate N/A N/A Assumed medical cost trend rate (Pre 65) N/A N/A Ultimate trend rate (Pre 65) N/A N/A Year ultimate trend rate is reached (Pre 65) N/A N/A Assumed medical cost trend rate (Post 65) N/A N/A Ultimate trend rate (Post 65) N/A N/A Year ultimate trend rate is reached (Post 65) N/A N/A 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 86 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Interest credit rate 
 
 OPEB Benefits 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Assumed medical cost trend rate (Pre 65) Ultimate trend rate (Pre 65) Year ultimate trend rate is reached (Pre 65) Assumed medical cost trend rate (Post 65) Ultimate trend rate (Post 65) Year ultimate trend rate is reached (Post 65) 
 
 WEC Energy Group consults with its investment advisors on an annual basis to help forecast expected long-term returns on plan assets by reviewing historical returns as well as calculating expected total trust returns using the weighted-average of long-term market returns for each of the major target asset categories utilized in the trust. For 2023, the expected return on asset assumption is for the pension plan and for the OPEB plan. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 Current pension trust assets and amounts which are expected to be contributed to the trusts in the future are expected to be adequate to meet pension payment obligations to current and future retirees. 
 
 The Investment Trust Policy Committee oversees investment matters related to all of our funded benefit plans. The Committee works with external actuaries and investment consultants on an on-going basis to establish and monitor investment strategies and target asset allocations. Forecasted cash flows for plan liabilities are regularly updated based on annual valuation results. Target allocations are determined utilizing projected benefit payment cash flows and risk analyses of appropriate investments. They are intended to reduce risk, provide long-term financial stability for the plans and maintain funded levels which meet long-term plan obligations while preserving sufficient liquidity for near-term benefit payments. 
 
 Our pension trust target asset allocations are equity investments, fixed income investments, and private equity and real estate investments. The OPEB trust target asset allocations are equity investments, fixed income investments, and real estate investments. Equity securities include investments in large-cap, mid-cap, and small-cap companies. Fixed income securities include corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries, mortgage and other asset backed securities, commercial paper, and United States Treasuries. 
 
 Pension and OPEB plan investments are recorded at fair value. See Note 1(o), Fair Value Measurements, for more information regarding the fair value hierarchy and the classification of fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 87 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 International equity Fixed income securities: (1) 
 United States bonds International bonds Investments measured at net asset value: Equity securities Fixed income securities Other Total 
 
 (1) This category represents investment grade bonds of United States and foreign issuers denominated in United States dollars from diverse industries. 
 December 31, 2021 Pension Plan Assets OPEB Assets (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Asset Class Equity securities: United States equity International equity Fixed income securities: (1) 
 United States bonds International bonds Investments measured at net asset value: Equity securities Fixed income securities Other Total 
 
 (1) This category represents investment grade bonds of United States and foreign issuers denominated in United States dollars from diverse industries. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 We expect to contribute million to the pension plans and million to the OPEB plans in 2023, dependent upon various factors affecting us, including our liquidity position and possible tax law changes. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 88 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 Savings Plans 
 
 WEC Energy Group sponsors 401(k) savings plans that allow substantially all of our full-time employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax income in accordance with plan-specified guidelines. A percentage of employee contributions are matched by us through a contribution into the employee's savings plan account, up to certain limits. The 401(k) savings plans include an Employee Stock Ownership Plan. Certain employees receive an employer retirement contribution, which amounts are contributed to an employee's savings plan account based on the employee's wages. Total costs incurred under all of these plans were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 

NOTE 19 
 
 segments, which are described below. 
 
 Our utility segment includes our electric utility operations, including steam operations, and our natural gas utility operations. 
 
 Our electric utility operations are engaged in the generation, distribution, and sale of electricity to customers in southeastern Wisconsin (including metropolitan Milwaukee), east central Wisconsin, and northern Wisconsin. In addition, our steam operations produce, distribute, and sell steam to customers in metropolitan Milwaukee. 
 
 Our natural gas utility operations are engaged in the purchase, distribution, and sale of natural gas to retail customers as well as the transportation of customer-owned natural gas in southeastern, east central, and northern Wisconsin. 
 
 significant items were reported in the other segment during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 All of our operations and assets are located within the United States. 

NOTE 20 
 
 million of undepreciated environmental control costs related to our retired Pleasant Prairie power plant, the carrying costs accrued on the million during the securitization process, and the related financing fees. The financing order also authorized us to form WEPCo Environmental Trust, a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity, for the sole purpose of issuing ETBs to recover the costs approved in the financing order. WEPCo Environmental Trust is our wholly owned subsidiary. 
 2022 Form 10-K 89 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory assets Other long-term assets (restricted cash) Liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities (accrued interest) Long-term debt 
 
 Power Purchase Commitment 
 
 On May 31, 2022, our PPA with LSP-Whitewater Limited Partnership that represented a variable interest expired. This agreement was for MWs of firm capacity from a natural gas-fired cogeneration facility, and we accounted for it as a finance lease. 
 
 ownership interest. See Note 2, Acquisition, for more information on the acquisition of this facility. The tolling agreement represented a variable interest until the facility was acquired since its terms were substantially similar to the terms of the PPA. Based on the risks of the entity, including operations, maintenance, dispatch, financing, fuel costs, and other factors, we were not the primary beneficiary of the entity. We did not hold an equity or debt interest in the entity, and there was residual guarantee associated with the tolling agreement. Similar to the PPA, we accounted for the tolling agreement as a finance lease. 

NOTE 21 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 90 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

Coal supply and transportation 2026 Purchased power 2051 Natural gas utility supply and transportation 2048 Total 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Consistent with other companies in the energy industry, we face significant ongoing environmental compliance and remediation obligations related to current and past operations. Specific environmental issues affecting us include, but are not limited to, current and future regulation of air emissions such as SO 2 , NOx, fine particulates, mercury, and GHGs; water intake and discharges; management of coal combustion products such as fly ash; and remediation of impacted properties, including former manufactured gas plant sites. 
 
 We have continued to pursue a proactive strategy to manage our environmental compliance obligations, including: 
 
 the development of additional sources of renewable electric energy supply; 
 the addition of improvements for water quality matters such as treatment technologies to meet regulatory discharge limits and improvements to our cooling water intake systems; 
 the addition of emission control equipment to existing facilities to comply with ambient air quality standards and federal clean air rules; 
 the protection of wetlands and waterways, biodiversity including threatened and endangered species, and cultural resources associated with utility construction projects; 
 the retirement of older coal-fired power plants and conversion to modern, efficient, natural gas generation, super-critical pulverized coal generation, and/or replacement with renewable generation; 
 the beneficial use of ash and other products from coal-fired and biomass generating units; 
 the remediation of former manufactured gas plant sites; 
 the reduction of methane emissions across our natural gas distribution system by upgrading infrastructure; and 
 the reporting of GHG emissions to comply with federal clean air rules. 
 
 Air Quality 
 
 Cross State Air Pollution Rule Good Neighbor Plan 
 
 The proposed rule to address the 2015 ozone NAAQS, resulting in more stringent regulation of ozone-season NOx emissions from electric utility generating units in states, is expected to take effect in 2023. Based on a review of our existing units' 2020 and 2021 actual ozone season emissions and projected future emissions versus proposed NOx ozone season allocations, we anticipate that we should be able to comply with the expanded rule requirements without procuring additional allowances on the open market. 
 
 Our planned RICE units in Wisconsin are not subject to this rule as proposed as each unit is less than MW. We note that, to the extent we use RICE engines for natural gas distribution operations, those engines may be subject to the emission limits and operational requirements of the rule beginning in 2026. In June 2022, we submitted comments on this proposed rule seeking clarification of its applicability, as well as other items, and we will closely monitor the final rule for any changes from the proposed rule. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 91 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 counties associated with nonattainment areas, including several in Illinois and Wisconsin. Under the new designations, all of Milwaukee and Ozaukee counties are now listed as nonattainment and portions of Racine, Waukesha, and Washington counties have been added to the "Milwaukee" nonattainment area. Additionally, the Chicago, IL-IN-WI nonattainment area now includes an expanded portion of Kenosha County, and the partial nonattainment area of Sheboygan County was also expanded. 
 
 In February 2022, revisions to the Wisconsin Administrative Code to adopt the 2015 standard were finalized. The amended regulations adopted the standard and incorporated by reference the federal air pollution monitoring requirements related to the standard. The WDNR submitted the rule updates as a SIP revision to the EPA in April 2022, which the EPA proposed to approve in August 2022. 
 
 In April 2022, the EPA proposed to find that the Milwaukee and Chicago, IL-IN-WI nonattainment areas did not meet the marginal attainment deadline of August 2021 and will be adjusted to "moderate" nonattainment status for the 2015 standard. In October 2022, the EPA published its final reclassifications from "marginal" to "moderate" for these areas, effective November 7, 2022. Accordingly, the WDNR must submit a SIP revision to address the moderate nonattainment status. We also expect the moderate nonattainment designation to impact emission offset ratios for major construction permitting in these areas. 
 
 We believe that we are well positioned to meet the requirements associated with the 2015 ozone standard and do not expect to incur significant costs to comply with the associated state and federal rules. 
 
 Particulate Matter 
 
 In December 2020, the EPA completed its 5-year review of the 2012 annual and 24-hour standards for fine PM and determined that revisions were necessary to the current annual standard of g/m 3 or the 24-hour standard of g/m 3 . Under the Biden Administration's policy review, the EPA concluded that the scientific evidence and information from the December 2020 determination supports revising the level of the annual standard for the PM NAAQS to below the current level of g/m 3 , while retaining the 24-hour standard. In January 2023, the EPA announced its proposed decision to revise the primary (health-based) annual PM2.5 standard from its current level of g/m 3 to within the range of to g/m 3 . The EPA also proposed not to change the current secondary (welfare-based) annual PM2.5 standard, primary and secondary 24-hour PM2.5 standards, and primary and secondary PM10 standards. The EPA is also taking comments on the full range (between and g/m 3 included in the CASAC's latest report. We anticipate the final rule to be released in late 2023. All counties within our service territories are in attainment with the current 2012 standards. If the EPA lowers the annual standard to or g/m 3 , our generating facilities within our service territories should remain in attainment. If the EPA lowers it to below g/m 3 , there could be some nonattainment areas that may affect permitting of some smaller ancillary equipment located at our facilities. After finalization of the rule, the WDNR will need to draft a SIP and submit for the EPA's approval. 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 The ACE rule, which replaced the Clean Power Plan, was vacated by the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in January 2021. In October 2021, the Supreme Court agreed to review the D.C. Circuit Court's ruling vacating the EPA's ACE rule and in June 2022, the Supreme Court issued its decision. The Supreme Court found that the EPA may regulate GHGs under section 111 of the CAA but cannot rely on generation shifting to lower carbon emitting sources to do so. We expect a new GHG replacement rule for existing sources to be proposed in March 2023. 
 
 In January 2021, the EPA finalized a rule to revise the NSPS for GHG emissions from new, modified, and reconstructed fossil-fueled power plants; however, it was vacated by the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in April 2021. Based on an updated EPA regulatory 
 2022 Form 10-K 92 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 MW of coal-fired generation since the beginning of 2018. Through its ESG Progress Plan, WEC Energy Group expects to retire approximately MW of additional fossil-fueled generation by the end of 2026, which includes the planned retirements in 2024-2025 of OCPP Units 5-8. See Note 7, Property, Plant, and Equipment, for more information. In May 2021, WEC Energy Group announced goals to achieve reductions in carbon emissions from its electric generation fleet by by the end of 2025 and by by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. WEC Energy Group expects to achieve these goals by making operating refinements, retiring less efficient generating units, and executing its capital plan. Over the longer term, the target for WEC Energy Group's generation fleet is net-zero CO 2 emissions by 2050. 
 
 WEC Energy Group also continues to reduce methane emissions by improving its natural gas distribution system and has set a target across its natural gas distribution operations to achieve net-zero methane emissions by the end of 2030. WEC Energy Group plans to achieve its net-zero goal through an effort that includes both continuous operational improvements and equipment upgrades, as well as the use of RNG throughout its utility systems. 
 
 We are required to report our CO 2 equivalent emissions from the electric generating facilities we operate under the EPA Greenhouse Gases Reporting Program. Based upon our preliminary analysis of the data, we estimate that we will report CO 2 equivalent emissions of approximately million metric tonnes to the EPA for 2022. The level of CO 2 and other GHG emissions varies from year to year and is dependent on the level of electric generation and mix of fuel sources, which is determined primarily by demand, the availability of the generating units, the unit cost of fuel consumed, and how our units are dispatched by MISO. 
 
 We are also required to report CO 2 equivalent emissions related to the natural gas that our natural gas operations distribute and sell. Based upon our preliminary analysis of the data, we estimate that we will report CO 2 equivalent emissions of approximately million metric tonnes to the EPA for 2022. 
 
 Water Quality 
 
 Clean Water Act Cooling Water Intake Structure Rule 
 
 In August 2014, the EPA issued a final regulation under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act that requires the location, design, construction, and capacity of cooling water intake structures at existing power plants reflect the BTA for minimizing adverse environmental impacts. The federal rule became effective in October 2014 and applies to all of our existing generating facilities with cooling water intake structures, except for the ERGS units, which were permitted and received a final BTA determination under the rules governing new facilities. 
 
 In 2016, the WDNR initiated a state rulemaking process to incorporate the federal Section 316(b) requirements into the Wisconsin Administrative Code. This new state rule, NR 111, became effective in June 2020, and the WDNR will apply it when establishing BTA requirements for cooling water intake structures at existing facilities. These BTA requirements are incorporated into WPDES permits for our facilities. 
 
 We have received a final BTA determination for VAPP. We have received interim BTA determinations for PWGS and OCPP Units 5-8. Existing technology at the PWGS may satisfy the BTA requirements; however, a final determination will not be made until the WPDES permit is renewed for this facility, which is expected in the first half of 2023. We believe that existing technology installed at the OCPP facility meets the BTA requirements; however, depending on the timing of the permit reissuance, all four generating units may be retired prior to the WDNR making a final BTA decision anticipated in 2025. 
 
 As a result of past capital investments completed to address Section 316(b) compliance, we believe our fleet overall is well positioned to continue to meet this regulation and do not expect to incur significant additional compliance costs. 
 2022 Form 10-K 93 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

new requirements that affect us relate to discharge limits for BATW and wet FGD wastewater. Our power plant facilities already have advanced wastewater treatment technologies installed that meet many of the discharge limits established by this rule. Modifications to OC 7 and OC 8 BATW systems were completed and placed in-service in mid-2021. Wastewater treatment system modifications also will be required for wet FGD discharges and site wastewater from the ERGS units. Based on existing contracts and engineering cost estimates, we expect that compliance with the ELG rule will require million in capital investment. In December 2021, the PSCW issued a Certificate of Authority approving the ERGS FGD wastewater treatment system modification. The BATW modifications do not require PSCW approval prior to construction. All of these ELG required projects are either in-service or are on track for completion by the WPDES permit deadline in December 2023. 
 
 In July 2021, the EPA announced its intention to initiate a "supplemental rulemaking" to revise the ELG Reconsideration Rule that was finalized in late 2020. The EPA has stated that the 2020 ELG Rule will continue to be implemented and enforced while the agency pursues this rulemaking process. As part of their regulatory agenda, the EPA Office of Water included plans to issue a direct final rule reopening the NOPP deadline to enter the cessation of the coal subcategory (i.e. unit retirements or conversions to natural gas by the end of December 2028 instead of making capital investments to add more treatment technology) established in the 2020 ELG Rule. The new NOPP deadline will be 90 days after publication in the Federal Register , which is anticipated during the first quarter of 2023. The EPA will publish the direct final rule at the same time as the proposed ELG supplemental rulemaking. 
 
 Waters of the United States 
 
 In January 2023, the EPA and the United States Army Corps of Engineers together released a final rule revising the definition of WOTUS. This rule will be effective March 20, 2023. The final rule states that it is based on the pre-2015 definition of "waters of the United States." The pre-2015 approach involves applying factors established through case law and agency precedents to determine whether a wetland or surface drainage feature is subject to federal jurisdiction. 
 
 The recent rulemaking could be affected by a significant pending Supreme Court case involving WOTUS determination. In January 2022, the Supreme Court granted certiorari in a case, Sackett v. Environmental Protection Agency , to evaluate the proper test for determining whether wetlands are WOTUS. A decision by the Supreme Court is expected in spring 2023. 
 
 At this point, our projects requiring federal permits are moving ahead, but we are monitoring these recent developments to better understand potential future impacts. The Sackett case, once decided, should provide some clarity regarding the definition of WOTUS. We will continue to monitor this litigation and any subsequent agency action. 
 
 Land Quality 
 
 Manufactured Gas Plant Remediation 
 
 We have identified sites at which we or a predecessor company owned or operated a manufactured gas plant or stored manufactured gas. We have also identified other sites that may have been impacted by historical manufactured gas plant activities. We are responsible for the environmental remediation of these sites. We are also working with the state of Wisconsin in our investigation and remediation planning. These sites are at various stages of investigation, monitoring, remediation, and closure. 
 
 The future costs for detailed site investigation, future remediation, and monitoring are dependent upon several variables including, among other things, the extent of remediation, changes in technology, and changes in regulation. Historically, our regulators have allowed us to recover incurred costs, net of insurance recoveries and recoveries from potentially responsible parties, associated with the remediation of manufactured gas plant sites. Accordingly, we have established regulatory assets for costs associated with these sites. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 94 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Reserves for future environmental remediation (1) 

(1) Recorded within other long-term liabilities on our balance sheets. 
 
 Renewables, Efficiency, and Conservation 
 
 Wisconsin Legislation 
 
 In 2005, Wisconsin enacted Act 141, which established a goal that of all electricity consumed in Wisconsin be generated by renewable resources annually. We have achieved our required renewable energy percentage of by constructing various wind parks, a biomass facility, and by also relying on renewable energy purchases. We continue to review our renewable energy portfolio and acquire cost-effective renewables as needed to meet our requirements on an ongoing basis. The PSCW administers the renewable program related to Act 141, and we fund the program, along with other utilities, based on of our annual retail operating revenues. 
 
 Enforcement and Litigation Matters 
 
 We are involved in legal and administrative proceedings before various courts and agencies with respect to matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Although we are unable to predict the outcome of these matters, management believes that appropriate reserves have been established and that final settlement of these actions will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

NOTE 22 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net Significant non-cash investing and financing transactions: Accounts payable related to construction costs Increase in receivable related to insurance proceeds Liabilities accrued for software licensing agreement 
 
 The statements of cash flows include our activity related to cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. Our restricted cash consists of the following: 
 
 Cash on deposit in a financial institution that is restricted to satisfy the requirements of a debt agreement at WEPCo Environmental Trust. See Note 20, Variable Interest Entities, for more information. 
 Cash used for the purchase of a natural gas-fired cogeneration facility located in Whitewater, Wisconsin. This cash was included in other long-term assets at December 31, 2022. See Note 2, Acquisition, for more information on the purchase of this facility. 
 
 Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 95 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 23 

million / Gas million / Steam million / ROE Common equity component average on a financial basis 
 
 In addition to the above, the final order includes the following terms: 
 
 We will keep our current earnings sharing mechanism, under which, if we earn above our authorized ROE: (i) we will retain of earnings for the first 15 basis points above the authorized ROE; (ii) of the next 60 basis points will be required to be refunded to ratepayers; and (iii) of any remaining excess earnings will be required to be refunded to ratepayers. 
 We are required to complete an analysis of alternative recovery scenarios for generating units that will be retired prior to the end of their useful life. 
 We will not propose any changes to our real time pricing rates for large commercial and industrial electric customers through the end of 2024. 
 We will lower monthly residential and small commercial electric customer fixed charges by from currently authorized rates. 
 We will offer an additional voluntary renewable energy pilot for commercial and industrial customers. 
 We will work with PSCW staff and other interested parties to develop alternative low income assistance programs. We, along with WPS, will also collectively contribute million to the Keep Wisconsin Warm Fund. 
 We are required to implement escrow accounting treatment for pension and OPEB costs in 2023 and 2024. 
 We are authorized to file a limited electric rate case re-opener for 2024 to address changes to revenue requirements associated with generation projects that are expected to be placed into service in 2023 and 2024 and future plant retirements. We are also authorized to file a limited natural gas rate case re-opener for 2024 to address additional revenue requirements associated with our LNG project that is expected to be placed into service in 2023. 
 
 2022 Rates 
 
 In March 2021, we filed an application with the PSCW for the approval of certain accounting treatments that allowed us to maintain our electric, natural gas, and steam base rates through 2022 and forego filing a rate case for . In connection with the request, we also entered into an agreement, dated March 23, 2021, with various stakeholders. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the stakeholders fully supported the application. In September 2021, the PSCW issued a written order approving the application. 
 
 The final order reflected the following: 
 
 We amortized, in 2022, certain previously deferred balances to offset approximately half of our forecasted revenue deficiency. 
 We were able to defer any increases in tax expense due to changes in tax law that occurred in 2021 and/or 2022. 
 2022 Form 10-K 96 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 of the first 15 basis points of earnings above our currently authorized ROE. The earnings sharing mechanism otherwise remained as previously authorized. 
 
 2020 and 2021 Rates 
 
 In March 2019, we filed an application with the PSCW to increase our retail electric, natural gas, and steam rates, effective January 1, 2020. In August 2019, we filed an application with the PSCW for approval of a settlement agreement entered into with certain intervenors to resolve several outstanding issues in our rate case. In December 2019, the PSCW issued a written order that approved the settlement agreement without material modification and addressed the remaining outstanding issues that were not included in the settlement agreement. The new rates were effective January 1, 2020. 
 million / Gas (2) 
 million / Steam million / ROE Common equity component average on a financial basis 
 
 (1) Amount is net of certain deferred tax benefits from the Tax Legislation that were utilized to reduce near-term rate impacts. The rate order reflected the majority of the unprotected deferred tax benefits from the Tax Legislation being amortized evenly over , which resulted in approximately million of tax benefits being amortized in each of 2020 and 2021. The unprotected deferred tax benefits related to the unrecovered balances of certain of our retired plants and our SSR regulatory asset were used to reduce the related regulatory asset. Unprotected deferred tax benefits by their nature are eligible to be returned to customers in a manner and timeline determined to be appropriate by the PSCW. 
 
 (2) Amount includes certain deferred tax expense from the Tax Legislation. The rate order reflected all of the unprotected deferred tax expense from the Tax Legislation being amortized evenly over , which results in approximately million of previously deferred tax expense being amortized each year. Unprotected deferred tax expense by its nature is eligible to be recovered from customers in a manner and timeline determined to be appropriate by the PSCW. 
 
 In accordance with our rate order, we filed an application with the PSCW in July 2020 requesting a financing order to securitize million of Pleasant Prairie power plant's book value, plus the carrying costs accrued on the million during the securitization process and the related financing fees. In November 2020, the PSCW issued a written order approving the application. The financing order also authorized us to form a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity, WEPCo Environmental Trust, for the sole purpose of issuing ETBs to recover the approved costs. In May 2021, WEPCo Environmental Trust issued million of ETBs due December 15, 2035. See Note 20, Variable Interest Entities, for more information on WEPCo Environmental Trust. 
 
 The PSCW approved us continuing to have an earnings sharing mechanism through 2021. The earnings sharing mechanism was modified from its previous structure to one that was consistent with other Wisconsin investor-owned utilities. Under this earnings sharing mechanism, if we earned above our authorized ROE: (i) we retained of earnings for the first 25 basis points above the authorized ROE; (ii) of the next 50 basis points were required to be refunded to customers; and (iii) of any remaining excess earnings were required to be refunded to customers. In addition, the rate order also required us to maintain residential and small commercial electric and natural gas customer fixed charges at previously authorized rates and to maintain the status quo for our electric market-based rate programs for large industrial customers through 2021. 
 
 Recovery of Natural Gas Costs 
 
 Due to the cold temperatures, wind, snow, and ice throughout the central part of the country during February 2021, the cost of gas purchased for our natural gas utility customers was temporarily driven significantly higher than our normal winter weather expectations. We have a regulatory mechanism in place for recovering all prudently incurred gas costs. 
 
 In March 2021, we received approval from the PSCW to recover approximately million of natural gas costs in excess of the benchmark set in our GCRM over a period of , beginning in April 2021. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 97 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 orders in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The first order required all public utilities in the state of Wisconsin, including us, to temporarily suspend disconnections, the assessment of late fees, and deposit requirements for all customer classes. In addition, it required utilities to reconnect customers that were previously disconnected, offer deferred payment arrangements to all customers, and streamline the application process for customers applying for utility service. 
 
 In the second order issued in March 2020, the PSCW authorized Wisconsin utilities to defer expenditures and certain foregone revenues resulting from compliance with the first order, and expenditures as otherwise incurred to ensure safe, reliable, and affordable access to utility services during the declared public health emergency. In December 2021, the PSCW approved a motion to end all COVID-related deferrals as of December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we did not have any amounts deferred related to the COVID-19 pandemic as the rate order we received from the PSCW in December 2022 did not allow recovery of these costs. 
 
 In June 2020, the PSCW issued a written order providing a timeline for the lifting of the temporary provisions required in the first March 2020 order. Utilities were allowed to disconnect commercial and industrial customers and require deposits for new service as of July 25, 2020 and July 31, 2020, respectively. After August 15, 2020, utilities were no longer required to offer deferred payment arrangements to all customers. Additionally, utilities were authorized to reinstate late fees except for the period between the first order and this supplemental order. We resumed charging late payment fees in late August 2020. Late payment fees were not charged on outstanding balances that were billed between the first order and late August 2020. 
 
 Subsequent to the June 2020 order, the PSCW extended the moratorium on disconnections of residential customers until November 1, 2020. In accordance with Wisconsin regulations, utilities are generally not allowed to disconnect residential customers for non-payment during the winter moratorium, which customarily begins on November 1 and ends on April 15 of each year. Utilities were allowed to continue assessing late payment fees during the winter moratorium. On April 5, 2021, the PSCW issued a written order indicating that it would not extend the moratorium on disconnections further; therefore, utilities could begin disconnecting residential customers for non-payment after April 15, 2021. The order also allowed us to resume charging late payment fees on the full balance of all outstanding arrears, regardless of the associated dates the service was provided, after April 15, 2021. We continue to offer flexible payment arrangements to low-income residential customers prior to disconnecting service. 

NOTE 24 
 
 AFUDC Equity Other, net ) ) Other income, net 

NOTE 25 

2022 Form 10-K 98 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

2022 Form 10-K 99 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective: (i) in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act; and (ii) to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management's report in this annual report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 100 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 The information under "Election of Directors," "Corporate Governance Frequently Asked Questions," and "Committees of the WEC Energy Group Board of Directors" in our Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C to be filed with the SEC for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 27, 2023 (the "2023 Annual Meeting Information Statement") is incorporated herein by reference. Also see "Information about our Executive Officers" in Part I of this report. 
 
 WEC Energy Group has adopted a written code of ethics, referred to as its Code of Business Conduct. We are a subsidiary of WEC Energy Group, and as such, all of our directors, executive officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, have a responsibility to comply with WEC Energy Group's Code of Business Conduct. WEC Energy Group has posted its Code of Business Conduct in the "Governance" section on its website, www.wecenergygroup.com. WEC Energy Group has not provided any waiver to the Code for any director, executive officer, or other employee. Any amendments to, or waivers for directors and executive officers from, the Code of Business Conduct will be disclosed on WEC Energy Group's website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Executive Compensation," "Director Compensation," "Committees of the WEC Energy Group Board of Directors," "Pay Ratio Disclosure," "Risk Analysis of Compensation Policies and Practices," and "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in the 2023 Annual Meeting Information Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 All of our Common Stock is owned by our parent company, WEC Energy Group, 231 West Michigan Street, P.O. Box 1331, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201. Our directors and director nominees, who are all senior officers of WE and/or WEC Energy Group, as well as our other executive officers, do not own any of our voting securities. The information concerning their beneficial ownership in WEC Energy Group common stock set forth under "Owners of More Than 5 of Preferred Stock" and "Stock Ownership of Directors, Nominees and Executive Officers" in the 2023 Annual Meeting Information Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 We do not have any equity compensation plans under which our equity securities may be issued. Our directors, officers and certain employees participate in the compensation plans of WEC Energy Group. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information under "Corporate Governance Frequently Asked Questions" and "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in the 2023 Annual Meeting Information Statement is incorporated herein by reference. A full description of the guidelines the WEC Energy Group Board uses to determine director independence is located in Appendix A of WEC Energy Group's Corporate Governance Guidelines, which can be found on its website, www.wecenergygroup.com. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information regarding the fees paid to, and services performed by, our independent auditors and the pre-approval policy of our audit and oversight committee under "Independent Auditors' Fees and Services" in the 2023 Annual Meeting Information Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 101 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Included in Part II of This Report Description Page in 10-K Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. ). 
 52 
 Consolidated Income Statements for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 54 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 57 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules Included in Part IV of This Report Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 107 
 Other schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is given in the financial statements or notes thereto. 3. Exhibits and Exhibit Index The following exhibits are filed or furnished with or incorporated by reference in the report with respect to Wisconsin Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01245). An asterisk ) indicates that the exhibit has previously been filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. Each management contract and compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K is identified below by two asterisks following the description of the exhibit. 
 
 Number Exhibit 3 Articles of Incorporation and By-laws 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of WE, as amended and restated effective January 10, 1995. (Exhibit (3)-1 to WE's 12/31/94 Form 10-K.) 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of WE, as amended to May 1, 2000. (Exhibit (3)-2 to WE's 03/31/00 Form 10-Q.) 
 4 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures 4.1 
 Reference is made to Article III of the Restated Articles of Incorporation of WE. (See Exhibit 3.1 above.) 
 4.2 
 Description of WE's Preferred Stock. (Exhibit 4.2 to WE's 12/31/19 Form 10-K.) 
 Indentures and Securities Resolutions: 4.3 
 Indenture for Debt Securities of WE (the "WE Indenture"), dated December 1, 1995. (Exhibit (4)-1 to WE's 12/31/95 Form 10-K.) 
 4.4 
 Securities Resolution No. 1 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated December 5, 1995. (Exhibit (4)-2 to WE's 12/31/95 Form 10-K.) 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 102 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Number Exhibit 4.5 
 Securities Resolution No. 3 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated May 27, 1998. (Exhibit (4)-1 to WE's 06/30/98 Form 10-Q.) 
 4.6 
 Securities Resolution No. 5 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2003. (Exhibit 4.47 filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to WE's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-101054), filed May 6, 2003.) 
 4.7 
 Securities Resolution No. 7 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2006. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 11/02/06 Form 8-K.) 
 4.8 
 Securities Resolution No. 12 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2012. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 12/05/12 Form 8-K.) 
 4.9 
 Securities Resolution No. 14 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of May 12, 2014. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 05/12/14 Form 8-K.) 
 4.10 
 Securities Resolution No. 15 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of May 14, 2015. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 05/14/15 Form 8-K.) 
 4.11 
 Securities Resolution No. 16 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of November 13, 2015. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 11/13/15 Form 8-K.) 
 4.12 
 Securities Resolution No. 17 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2018. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 10/01/18 Form 8-K.) 
 4.13 
 Securities Resolution No. 18 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2019. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 12/03/2019 Form 8-K.) 
 4.14 
 Securities Resolution No. 19 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2021. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 06/15/21 Form 8-K.) 
 4.15 
 Securities Resolution No. 20 of WE under the WE Indenture, dated as of September 14, 2022. (Exhibit 4.1 to WE's 09/22/22 Form 8-K.) 
 The forgoing list of exhibits does not include certain unregistered long-term debt instruments of the Registrant and its subsidiary where the total amount of securities authorized to be issued under the instrument does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiary on a consolidated basis. The Registrant agrees pursuant to Item 601(b)(4) of Regulation S-K to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of all such agreements and instruments. 10 Material Contracts 10.1 
 WEC Energy Group Supplemental Pension Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2018. (Exhibit 10.1 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/18 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.2 
 Legacy Wisconsin Energy Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2018. (Exhibit 10.2 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/18 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.3 
 WEC Energy Group Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2018. (Exhibit 10.3 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/18 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.4 
 WEC Energy Group Non-Qualified Retirement Savings Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2018. (Exhibit 10.6 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/18 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.5 
 WEC Energy Group Supplemental Long Term Disability Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2017. (Exhibit 10.7 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/18 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.6 
 WEC Energy Group Short-Term Performance Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2019. (Exhibit 10.8 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/18 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 103 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Number Exhibit 10.7 
 Wisconsin Energy Corporation 2014 Rabbi Trust Agreement by and between Wisconsin Energy Corporation and The Northern Trust Company dated February 23, 2015, regarding the trust established to provide a source of funds to assist in meeting the liabilities under various nonqualified deferred compensation plans made between Wisconsin Energy Corporation or its subsidiaries and various plan participants. (Exhibit 10.13 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 12/31/14 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.8 
 Letter Agreement by and between WEC Energy Group, Inc. and Scott J. Lauber, dated March 31, 2020. (Exhibit 10.1 to WEC Energy Group's 03/31/20 Form 8-K. (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.9 
 Retention Agreement by and between WEC Energy Group and Scott J. Lauber, dated February 21, 2022. (Exhibit 10.16 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/21 Form 10-K. (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.10 
 Letter Agreement by and between WEC Energy Group, Inc. and Xia Liu, dated March 24, 2020. (Exhibit 10.2 to WEC Energy Group's 03/31/20 Form 8-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.11 
 Letter Agreement by and between Wisconsin Energy Corporation and Robert Garvin, dated January 31, 2011. (Exhibit 10.1 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 03/31/11 Form 10-Q (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.12 
 Letter Agreement by and between Wisconsin Energy Corporation and Joseph Kevin Fletcher, dated as of August 17, 2011. (Exhibit 10.1 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 09/30/11 Form 10-Q (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.13 
 Letter Agreement by and between WEC Energy Group, Inc. and Margaret C. Kelsey, dated as of July 19, 2017. (Exhibit 10.1 to WEC Energy Group's 09/30/17 Form 10-Q. (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.14.1 
 WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2016. (Exhibit 10.19 to WEC Energy Group's 12/31/15 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.14.2 
 WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, amended and restated effective as of May 6, 2021. (Exhibit 10.1 to WEC Energy Group's 05/11/21 Form 8-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.15 
 Terms and Conditions Governing Non-Qualified Stock Option Award under the WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. (Exhibit 10.1 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 09/30/07 Form 10-Q (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.16 
 WEC Energy Group Performance Unit Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2017. (Exhibit 10.1 to WEC Energy Group's 12/01/16 Form 8-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.17 
 WEC Energy Group Performance Unit Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2023. (Exhibit 10.1 to WEC Energy Group's 12/02/22 Form 8-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.18 
 2016 WEC Energy Group Restricted Stock Award Terms and Conditions governing awards under the WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. (Exhibit 10.27 to WEC Energy Group s 12/31/15 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.19 
 Wisconsin Energy Corporation Terms and Conditions Governing Non-Qualified Stock Option Award for option awards under the WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, approved December 4, 2014. (Exhibit 10.3 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 12/04/14 Form 8-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.20 
 2016 WEC Energy Group Terms and Conditions Governing Non-Qualified Stock Option Award for option awards under the WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. (Exhibit 10.29 to WEC Energy Group s 12/31/15 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.21 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Terms and Conditions under the WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. (Exhibit 10.2 to WEC Energy Group's 06/30/21 Form 10-Q (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.22 
 Restricted Stock Award Terms and Conditions under the WEC Energy Group Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. (Exhibit 10.3 to WEC Energy Group's 06/30/21 Form 10-Q (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.23 
 Port Washington I Facility Lease Agreement between Port Washington Generating Station LLC, as Lessor, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Lessee, dated as of May 28, 2003. (Exhibit 10.7 to WE's 06/30/03 Form 10-Q.) 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 104 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 Number Exhibit 10.24 
 Port Washington II Facility Lease Agreement between Port Washington Generating Station LLC, as Lessor, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Lessee, dated as of May 28, 2003. (Exhibit 10.8 to WE's 06/30/03 Form 10-Q.) 
 10.25 
 Elm Road I Facility Lease Agreement between Elm Road Generating Station Supercritical, LLC, as Lessor, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Lessee, dated as of November 9, 2004. (Exhibit 10.56 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 12/31/04 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.26 
 Elm Road II Facility Lease Agreement between Elm Road Generating Station Supercritical, LLC, as Lessor, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Lessee, dated as of November 9, 2004. (Exhibit 10.57 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 12/31/04 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.27 
 Point Beach Nuclear Plant Power Purchase Agreement between FPL Energy Point Beach, LLC and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, dated as of December 19, 2006 (the "PPA"). (Exhibit 10.1 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 03/31/08 Form 10-Q (File No. 001-09057).) 
 10.28 
 Letter Agreement between Wisconsin Electric Power Company and FPL Energy Point Beach, LLC, dated October 31, 2007, which amends the PPA. (Exhibit 10.45 to Wisconsin Energy Corporation's 12/31/07 Form 10-K (File No. 001-09057).) 
 23 Consents of Experts and Counsel 23.1 
 Deloitte Touche LLP Milwaukee, WI, Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for WE. 
 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive Data File 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 105 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 106 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 ) December 31, 2021 ) ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 (1) Net of recoveries. 
 
 (2) Represents amounts written off to the reserve, net of adjustments to regulatory assets. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 107 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 WISCONSIN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY By /s/ SCOTT J. LAUBER Date: 
 February 23, 2023 Scott J. Lauber Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ SCOTT J. LAUBER February 23, 2023 Scott J. Lauber, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director -- Principal Executive Officer /s/ XIA LIU February 23, 2023 Xia Liu, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director -- Principal Financial Officer /s/ WILLIAM J. GUC February 23, 2023 William J. Guc, Vice President, Controller, and Assistant Corporate Secretary -- Principal Accounting Officer /s/ MARGARET C. KELSEY February 23, 2023 Margaret C. Kelsey, Director /s/ GALE E. KLAPPA February 23, 2023 Gale E. Klappa, Director /s/ WILLIAM MASTORIS February 23, 2023 William Mastoris, Director /s/ PAUL J. SPICER February 23, 2023 Paul J. Spicer, Director 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 108 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 a2022we10kexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-254615 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 23, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Wisconsin Electric Power Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wisconsin Electric Power Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 

Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a2022we10kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Scott J. Lauber, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wisconsin Electric Power Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s SCOTT J. LAUBER Scott J. Lauber Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a2022we10kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Xia Liu, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wisconsin Electric Power Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s XIA LIU Xia Liu Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a2022we10kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wisconsin Electric Power Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2023 (the Report ), I, Scott J. Lauber, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s SCOTT J. LAUBER Scott J. Lauber Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a2022we10kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wisconsin Electric Power Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2023 (the Report ), I, Xia Liu, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s XIA LIU Xia Liu Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wep-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wep-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wep-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wep-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wep-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

