<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1098146_0001628280-23-009713.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20104395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309935</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2601468</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8743671</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4054377</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3985300</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-009713.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329162054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-009713
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001098146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				061559137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29599
		FILM NUMBER:		23775492

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 BEDFORD ST
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033247500

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-009713.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 pnbk-20221231.htm
 10-K

pnbk-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant in a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on an attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the last sale price on June 30, 2022 as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market: million. 
 Number of shares of the registrant s Common stock, 0.01 par value per share, shares outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Safe Harbor Statement Under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 1 
 PART I 
 2 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 2 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 7 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 16 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II 
 17 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 ITEM 6.[Reserved] 
 18 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis - Financial Condition Results of Operations 
 18 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 104 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 104 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 104 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 105 
 PART III 
 106 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 106 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 110 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 112 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 114 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 115 
 Part IV 
 116 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 116 
 SIGNATURES 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Safe Harbor Statement Under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that relate to future events and expectations and, as such, constitute forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our strategies, outlook, business and financial prospects, business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Although Patriot believes that the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, these expectations may not be attained and it is possible that actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances, many of which are beyond Patriot s control. 
 For a discussion of some of the specific factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the information contained in this report, see the following sections of this report: Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors," Part II, Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," including the disclosures under "Critical Accounting Policies." Patriot disclaims any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 General 
 Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. (the Company or PNBK ), a Connecticut corporation, is a one-bank holding company for Patriot Bank, N.A, a national banking association headquartered in Stamford, Fairfield County, Connecticut (the Bank (collectively, Patriot ). The Bank received its charter and commenced operations as a national bank on August 31, 1994. The Bank has a total of nine branch offices comprised of eight branch offices located in Fairfield and New Haven Counties, Connecticut and one branch office located in Westchester County, New York as of December 31, 2022. 
 On March 11, 2003, the Company formed Patriot National Statutory Trust I (the Trust for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities and investing the proceeds in subordinated debentures issued by the Company. The Company primarily invested the funds from the issuance of the debt in the Bank. The Bank used the proceeds to fund general operations. 
 On October 15, 2010, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement ), the Company issued and sold to PNBK Holdings LLC Holdings ), an investment limited liability company controlled by Michael Carrazza, 3.36 million shares of its common stock at a purchase price of 15.00 per share (adjusted for a 1-for-10 reverse stock split discussed below) for an aggregate purchase price of 50.4 million. The shares sold to Holdings represented 87.6 of the Company s then issued and outstanding common stock. In connection with the reverse stock split, the par value of the common stock was changed to 0.01 per share. Also, in connection with the sale of the shares, certain directors and officers of both the Company and the Bank resigned. Such directors and officers were replaced with nominees of Holdings and Michael Carrazza became the Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company. Pursuant to its Operating Agreement, on March 31, 2021, Holdings completed a pro-rata in-kind distribution of shares of restricted common stock of Patriot. Following these distributions, Holdings no longer owns any shares of Patriot. 
 As of the date hereof, the only business of the Company is its ownership of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank and the Trust. Except as specifically noted otherwise herein, the balance of the description of the Company s business is a description of the Bank s business. 
 
 Business Operations 
 The Bank offers commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans, SBA loans originated under the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA") 7(a) program, and a variety of consumer loans with an emphasis on serving the needs of individuals, small and medium sized businesses and professionals. The Bank previously had offered loans on residential real estate but discontinued doing so during 2013. Since 2016, Patriot has purchased residential real estate loans. Further information of the purchased residential real estate loans is set forth in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. The Bank s lending activities are conducted principally in Fairfield and New Haven Counties in Connecticut and Westchester County in New York, although the Bank s loan business is not necessarily limited to these areas. 
 Consumer and commercial deposit accounts offered include: checking, interest bearing negotiable order of withdrawal NOW ), money market, time certificates of deposit, savings, prepaid deposit accounts, on-line national money market accounts, Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS ), Individual Retirement Accounts IRAs ), and Health Savings Accounts HSAs ). Other services offered by the Bank include Automated Clearing House ACH transfers, lockbox, internet banking, bill paying, remote deposit capture, debit cards, money orders, traveler s checks, and automatic teller machines ATMs ). In addition, the Bank may in the future offer other financial services. 
 On July 22, 2020, the Company completed the purchase of prepaid debit card deposits of 50.0 million from a prominent national provider and processor of prepaid debit cards for corporate, consumer and government clients. Since the time of acquisition, the prepaid deposit balances have grown to approximately 197.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and provide a source of low cost deposits and interchange revenue. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank s branch office locations are summarized as follows: 
 Branch No. City County State 1 Darien Fairfield Connecticut 2 Fairfield Fairfield Connecticut 3 Greenwich Fairfield Connecticut 4 Milford New Haven Connecticut 5 Norwalk Fairfield Connecticut 6 Orange New Haven Connecticut 7 Stamford Fairfield Connecticut 8 Westport Fairfield Connecticut 9 Scarsdale Westchester New York 
 The Stamford, Connecticut location serves as Patriot s headquarters. Additionally, the Bank also operates a loan origination office at its Stamford location. 
 The Bank s employees perform most routine day-to-day banking transactions. The Bank has entered into a number of arrangements with third-party outside service providers, who provide services such as correspondent banking, check clearing, data processing services, credit card processing and armored car carrier transport. 
 In the normal course of business, subject to applicable government regulations, the Bank invests a portion of its assets in investment securities, which may include government securities. The Bank s investment portfolio strategy is to maintain a balance of high-quality diversified investments that minimizes risk, maintains adequate levels of liquidity, and limits exposure to interest rate and credit risk. Conditionally guaranteed or Government sponsored, U.S. federal government issues comprise the majority of the Bank s investment portfolio. 
 Patriot became an approved lender under the SBA program at the end of 2017, enabling it to approve loans to small businesses and entrepreneurs more quickly and efficiently. Since 2018, Patriot has hired people to support new SBA business development in Stamford, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Ohio, along with a Rhode Island operations center. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, Patriot had 130 full-time equivalent employees. None of Patriot s employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Competition 
 The Bank competes with a variety of financial institutions for loans and deposits in its market area. These include larger financial institutions with greater financial resources, larger branch systems and higher lending limits, as well as the ability to conduct larger advertising campaigns to attract business. The larger financial institutions may also offer additional services such as trust and international banking, which the Bank is not equipped or authorized to offer directly. When the need arises, arrangements are made with correspondent financial institutions to provide such services. To attract business in this competitive environment, the Bank relies on local promotional activities, personal contact by officers and directors, customer referrals, and its ability to distinguish itself by offering personalized and responsive banking service. The Bank also leverages a presence on social media and does a reasonable amount of advertising online. 
 The customer base of the Bank generally is meant to be diversified, so that there is not a concentration of either loans or deposits within a single industry, a group of industries, or a single person or groups of people. The Bank is not dependent on one or a few major customers for its lending or deposit activities, the loss of any one of which would have a material adverse effect on the business of the Bank. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank s loan customers extend beyond the towns and cities in which the Bank has branch offices, including nearby towns in Fairfield and New Haven Counties in Connecticut, and Westchester County and the five boroughs of New York City in New York, although the Bank s loan business is not necessarily limited to these areas. While the Bank does not currently hold or intend to attract significant deposit or loan business from major corporations with headquarters in its market area, the Bank believes that small manufacturers, distributors and wholesalers, and service industry professionals and related businesses, which have been attracted to this area, as well as the individuals that reside in the area, represent current and potential customers of the Bank. 
 In recent years, intense market demands, economic pressures, and significant legislative and regulatory actions have eroded banking industry classifications, which were once clearly defined, and have increased competition among banks, as well as other financial services institutions including non-bank competitors. This increase in competition has caused banks and other financial services institutions to diversify their services and become more cost effective. The impact of market dynamics, legislative, and regulatory changes on banks and other financial services institutions has increased customer awareness of product and service differences among competitors and increased merger activity among banks and other financial services institutions. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 As a bank holding company, the Company s operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Fed ). The Fed has established capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies that are similar to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency s OCC capital guidelines applicable to the Bank. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC ), limits the types of companies that a bank holding company may acquire or organize and the activities in which it or they may engage. In general, bank holding companies and their subsidiaries are only permitted to engage in, or acquire direct control of, any company engaged in banking or in a business so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. Federal legislation enacted in 1999 authorizes certain entities to register as financial holding companies. Registered financial holding companies are permitted to engage in businesses, including securities and investment banking businesses, which are prohibited to bank holding companies. The creation of financial holding companies has had no significant impact on the Company. 
 Under the BHC, the Company is required to file semi-annual reports of its operations with the Fed for the period ended June 30 and for the year ended December 31. Patriot and any of its subsidiaries are subject to examination by the Fed. In addition, the Company will be required to obtain the prior approval of the Fed to, with certain exceptions, acquire more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any bank or bank holding company, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of a bank, or merge or consolidate with another bank holding company. Moreover, Patriot and any of its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements, in connection with any extension of credit or provision of any property or services. The Bank is also subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on issuing any extension of credit to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or making any investments in the stock or other securities thereof, and on the taking of such stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. If the Company wants to engage in businesses permitted to financial holding companies, but not to bank holding companies, it would need to register with the Fed as a financial holding company. 
 The Fed has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses its view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the bank holding company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividend and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the bank holding company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. The Fed has also indicated that it would be inappropriate for a bank holding company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, under the prompt corrective action regulations adopted by the Fed, if any of its subsidiaries is classified as undercapitalized , the bank holding company may be prohibited from paying dividends. 
 A bank holding company is required to give the Fed prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of its outstanding equity securities, if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of its consolidated retained earnings. The Fed may disapprove of such a purchase or redemption, if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law, regulation, Fed order, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Fed. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is subject to capital adequacy rules and guidelines issued by the Fed and the FDIC and the Bank is subject to capital adequacy rules and guidelines issued by the OCC. These substantially identical rules and guidelines require Patriot to maintain certain minimum ratios of capital to adjusted total assets and/or risk-weighted assets. Under the provisions of the FDIC Improvements Act of 1991, the federal regulatory agencies are required to implement and enforce these rules in a stringent manner. The Company is also subject to applicable provisions of Connecticut law, insofar as they do not conflict with, or are not otherwise preempted by, federal banking law. Patriot s operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the FDIC and the OCC. 
 Federal and state banking regulations govern, among other things, the scope of the business of a bank, a bank holding company, or a financial holding company, the investments a bank may make, deposit reserves a bank must maintain, the establishment of branches, and the activities of a bank with respect to mergers and acquisitions. The Bank is a member of the Fed and, as such, is subject to applicable provisions of the Federal Reserve Act and regulations thereunder. The Bank is subject to the federal regulations promulgated pursuant to the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act that are designed to prevent banks from engaging in unsafe and unsound practices, as well as various other federal, state, and consumer protection laws. The Bank is also subject to the comprehensive provisions of the National Bank Act. 
 The OCC regulates the number and locations of branch offices of a national bank. The OCC may only permit a national bank to maintain branches in locations and under the conditions imposed by state law upon state banks. At this time, applicable Connecticut banking laws do not impose any material restrictions on the establishment of branches by Connecticut banks throughout Connecticut. New York State law is similar; however, the Bank cannot establish a branch in a New York town with a population of less than 50,000 inhabitants, if another bank is headquartered in that town. 
 The earnings and growth of Patriot and the banking industry in general are affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States U.S. government and its agencies, particularly the Fed. The Open Market Committee of the Fed implements national monetary policy to curb inflation and combat recession. The Fed uses its authority and various policies to adjust interest rates on U.S. government securities, the discount rate, and deposit reserve retention rates. The actions of the Fed influence the growth of bank loans, investments, and deposits. They also affect interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The nature and impact of any future changes in monetary policies cannot be predicted. 
 In addition to other laws and regulations, Patriot is subject to the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), which requires the federal bank regulatory agencies, when considering certain applications involving Patriot, to consider Patriot s record of helping to meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA was originally enacted because of concern over unfair treatment of prospective borrowers by banks and unwarranted geographic differences in lending patterns. Existing banks have sought to comply with the CRA in various ways; some banks have made use of more flexible lending criteria for certain types of loans and borrowers (consistent with the requirement to conduct safe and sound operations), while other banks have increased their efforts to make loans to help meet identified credit needs within the consumer community, such as those for home mortgages, home improvements, and small business loans. Compliance may also include participation in various government insured lending programs, such as Federal Housing Administration insured or Veterans Administration guaranteed mortgage loans, Small Business Administration loans, and participation in other types of lending programs such as high loan-to-value ratio conventional mortgage loans with private mortgage insurance. To date, the market area from which the Bank draws much of its business is in the towns and cities in which the Bank has branch offices, which are characterized by a very diverse ethnic, economic and racial cross-section of the population. As the Bank expands further, the market areas served by the Bank will continue to evolve. The Company and the Bank have not and will not adopt any policies or practices, which discourage credit applications from, or unlawfully discriminate against, individuals or segments of the communities served by the Bank. 
 On October 26, 2001, the United and Strengthening America by Providing Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act was enacted to further strengthen domestic security following the September 11, 2001 attacks. The Patriot Act amended various federal banking laws, particularly the Bank Secrecy Act, with the intent to curtail money laundering and other activities that might be undertaken to finance terrorist actions. The Patriot Act also requires that financial institutions in the U.S. enhance already established anti-money laundering policies, procedures and audit functions, and ensure that controls are reasonably designed to detect instances of money laundering through certain correspondent or private banking accounts. Verification of customer identification, maintenance of said verification records, and cross-checking names of new customers against government lists of known or suspected terrorists is also required. The Patriot Act was reauthorized and modified with the enactment of The USA Patriot Act Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Many of the provisions of The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank) are aimed at financial institutions that are significantly larger than Patriot. Notwithstanding this, there are many other provisions that Patriot is subject to and had to comply with since July 21, 2010, including any applicable rules promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). As rules and regulations are promulgated by the agencies responsible for implementing and enforcing Dodd-Frank, Patriot will have to address them to ensure compliance with such applicable provisions. Management expects the cost of compliance to increase, due to the regulatory burden imposed by Dodd-Frank. 
 Dodd-Frank also broadened the base for FDIC insurance assessments. Under rules issued by the FDIC in February 2011, the base for insurance assessments changed from domestic deposits to consolidated assets less tangible equity. Assessment rates are calculated using formulas that take into account the risks of the institution being assessed. The rule was effective beginning April 1, 2011 and did not have a material impact on the Company. 
 Financial reform legislation and the implementation of any rules ultimately issued could have adverse implications on the financial industry, the competitive environment, and the Bank s ability to conduct business. 
 In July 2013, the Fed, the FDIC, and the OCC approved final rules establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. Banking organizations (the New Capital Rules ). The New Capital Rules generally implemented the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s (the Basel Committee December 2010 final capital framework (referred to as Basel III for strengthening international capital standards. The New Capital Rules substantially revised the risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies and their depository institution subsidiaries, including Patriot. 
 In September 2019, the community bank leverage ratio (CBLR) framework was jointly issued by the FDIC, OCC and Federal Reserve Bank FRB ). The final rule gives qualifying community banks the option to use a simplified measure of capital adequacy instead of risk based capital, beginning with their March 31, 2020 Call Report. Under the final rule a community bank may qualify for the CBLR framework if it has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 , less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. The CARES Act directed the federal banking agencies to issue an interim rule temporarily lowering the CBLR ratio to 8 which the agencies did with a transition back to 9 beginning January 1, 2022. At September 30, 2021, the Bank elected to adopt the CBLR framework. 
 In response to disruptions in economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, federal and state governments and agencies and government-sponsored enterprises have taken a variety of actions to support people and entities affected by the pandemic, including the passage of the CARES Act in March 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 in December 2020, and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 in March 2021, among others. For example, the CARES Act established several programs with the Small Business Administration, including the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ), to provide loans to small businesses. The Bank started participating in the PPP in January 2021. 
 The CARES Act directed federal banking agencies to adopt interim final rules to lower the threshold under the CBLR from 9 to 8 and to provide a reasonable grace period for a community bank that falls below the threshold to regain compliance, in each case until the earlier of the termination date of the national emergency or December 31, 2020. In April 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued two interim final rules implementing this directive. One interim final rule provided that, as of the second quarter 2020, banking organizations with leverage ratios of 8 or greater (and that met the other existing qualifying criteria) could elect to use the CBLR framework. It also established a two-quarter grace period for qualifying community banking organizations whose leverage ratios fell below the 8 CBLR requirement, so long as the banking organization maintained a leverage ratio of 7 or greater. The second interim final rule provided a transition from the temporary 8 CBLR requirement to a 9 CBLR requirement. It establishes a minimum CBLR of 8 for the second through fourth quarters of 2020, 8.5 for 2021, and 9 thereafter, and maintains a two-quarter grace period for qualifying community banking organizations whose leverage ratios fall no more than 100 basis points below the applicable CBLR requirement. 
 The CARES Act also provided financial institutions with the option to suspend certain GAAP requirements for coronavirus-related loan modifications that would otherwise constitute a TDR and further required the federal banking agencies to defer to financial institutions' determinations in making such suspensions, which was extended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 until January 1, 2022. Subsequent to January 1, 2022, all modifications to loan agreements will be evaluated in accordance with all applicable GAAP requirements. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments with Regulators 
 In November 2018 the Bank entered into a formal written agreement (the Agreement with the Office of the OCC. The Agreement stated that the Board and the Bank would develop, implement and revise written documents and policies related to executive compensation, conflict of interest, internal audit, liquidity and asset/liability management, commercial loan administration, leveraged lending, practices relating to the allowance for loan and lease losses, and assumptions used in the Bank s interest rate risk model. Under the Agreement the Bank agreed to provide a revised written 3-year strategic and capital plan for the Bank. The existence of this Agreement also resulted in increased supervision from the SBA with respect to the Bank s SBA division and the loss of its preferred lender status. 
 On September 1, 2021, the OCC terminated the Agreement concluding that the safety and soundness of the Bank and its now established compliance with laws and regulations did not require continued existence of the Agreement. Shortly after the termination of the Agreement, the SBA removed the increased supervision. In October 2022, the SBA renewed the Bank s Preferred Lender Program PLP status, with an expiration date of November 15, 2023. As a normal course of business, the PLP is renewed on an annual basis by the SBA. The Bank received a satisfactory audit by the SBA in 2022 and expects its PLP status to be renewed for another term prior to the current expiration period. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s website address is https://www.bankpatriot.com ; however, information found on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. The Company makes available free of charge on its website (under the links entitled For Investors , then SEC filings , then Documents ), its annual report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 Patriot s financial condition and results of operation are subject to various risks inherent to its business, including those noted below. 
 Risks Related to the Pandemic 
 Although we do not currently expect the effects of COVID-19 to have material adverse impact on the Company s business and operations going forward, such expectation may be subject to change depending on future development of the pandemic. 
 The national economy has largely recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic, as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased. Certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist, including labor shortages and disruptions of global supply chains. The growth in economic activity and demand for goods and services, alongside labor shortages and supply chain complications, has contributed to rising inflationary pressures. 
 Since the inception of the COVID-19 pandemic governmental authorities enacted regulations, and protocols, including governmental programs to provide economic relief to businesses and individuals. The application of forbearance and payment deferral policies beyond any statutory requirements has had a minimal impact on the Company s interest income. 
 Although we do not currently expect the COVID-19 pandemic to have a negative impact on the Company s operations, the extent to which the consequences of the pandemic may in the future affect the Company s financial condition, results of operation, and liquidity and capital position will depend on future developments of a number of evolving factors beyond our control, including the severity and duration of any resurgence of COVID-19 variants, their effects and responsive methods taken by governmental authorities. 
 Risks Related to General Economic and Market Conditions 
 We have been and may continue to be adversely affected by national financial markets and economic conditions, as well as local conditions. 
 Our business and results of operations are affected by the financial markets and general economic conditions in the United States, including factors such as the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, investor confidence and the strength of the U.S. economy. The deterioration of any of these conditions can adversely affect our securities and loan portfolios, our level of charge-offs and provision for loan losses, our capital levels, liquidity and our results of operations. 
 In addition, we are affected by the economic conditions within our Connecticut and New York trade areas. Unlike larger banks that are more geographically diversified, the Bank has a total of nine branch offices comprised of eight branch offices located in Fairfield and New Haven Counties, Connecticut and one branch office located in Westchester County, New York. Therefore, any decline in the economy of the Fairfield or New Haven counties of Connecticut or the New York metropolitan area could have an adverse impact on us. 
 Our loans, the ability of borrowers to repay these loans, and the value of collateral securing these loans are impacted by economic conditions. Our financial results, the credit quality of our existing loan portfolio, and the ability to generate new loans with acceptable yield and credit characteristics may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing economic conditions, including declines in real estate values, changes in interest rates, adverse employment conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government. 
 The Bank s business is subject to various lending and other economic risks that could adversely impact its results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company is exposed to changes in economic conditions and general downturns in the U.S. economy, and particularly an economic slowdown in the Fairfield or New Haven counties of Connecticut and the New York metropolitan area could result in the following consequences, any of which may have a material detrimental effect on the Bank s business: 
 Increases in: 
 - Loan delinquencies; 
 - Problem assets and foreclosures; or 
 Decreases in: 
 - Demand for the Bank s products and services; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 - Customer borrowing power that is caused by declines in the value of assets and/or collateral supporting the Bank s loans, especially real estate. 
 During the years 2007 through 2009, the general economic conditions and specific business conditions in the United States, including in Connecticut and New York deteriorated, resulting in increases in loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures, and declines in the value and collateral associated with the Bank s loans. Two significant impacts resulting from the financial crisis included the housing market suffering falling home prices leading to increased foreclosures and our customer base experiencing rampant unemployment and sustained under-employment. These conditions negatively impacted the credit performance of mortgage and construction loans, and resulted in significant asset-value write-downs by financial institutions, including government-sponsored enterprises, as well as major commercial and investment banks. The loss of mortgage and construction loan asset-value caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and financially stronger financial institutions and, in some cases, to fail. Many lenders and institutional investors reduced or ceased providing funding to borrowers, including other financial institutions. 
 During 2010 through 2019, however, the economic climate generally improved, contributing to decreases in the Bank s problem assets, delinquencies and foreclosures from the levels experienced in the earlier period of economic turbulence. During the course of the COVID-19 pandemic covering all of 2020 and a significant portion of 2021 and 2022, a temporary disruption and level of uncertainty existed. For a period of time, delinquencies, deferrals and problem assets rose, however foreclosures were relatively unaffected due to the moratorium that was issued by many states. Much of this has stabilized and returned to previous operating levels. The Company is unable to predict, however, future economic conditions and their impact on the Company s business. 
 Market turmoil, and the tightening of credit by the Fed, could lead to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, increased market volatility, and generally widespread reductions in business activity. The resulting economic pressure on consumers and lack of confidence in the financial markets could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. A worsening of these conditions could likely exacerbate the adverse effects these difficult market conditions could have on the Company and other financial institutions. In particular: 
 Less than optimal economic conditions may continue to affect market confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in payment patterns, thereby causing increased delinquencies, which could affect the Bank s provision for loan losses and charge-off of loans receivable. 
 The ability to assess the creditworthiness of the Bank s customers, or to accurately estimate loan collateral value, may be impaired if the models and approaches the Bank uses becomes less predictive of future behaviors, valuations, assumptions, or estimates due to the unpredictable economic climate. 
 Increasing consolidation of financial services companies, as a result of current market conditions, could have unexpected adverse effects on the Bank s ability to compete effectively. 
 Market Risk 
 The Bank s business is subject to interest rate risk and variations in interest rates may negatively affect the Bank s financial performance. 
 Patriot is unable to predict, with any degree of certainty, fluctuations of market interest rates, which are affected by many factors including inflation, recession, a rise in unemployment, a tightening money supply, domestic and international disorder, and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. Changes in the interest rate environment may reduce Patriot s profits. Patriot realizes income from the differential or spread between the interest earned on loans, securities, and other interest-earning assets and interest paid on deposits, borrowings, and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest spreads are affected by the difference between the maturities and repricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, an increase in the general level of interest rates may adversely affect the ability of some borrowers to pay the interest on and principal of their obligations. 
 Although Patriot has implemented strategies which are designed to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on operations, these strategies may not always be successful. Accordingly, changes in levels of market interest rates could materially and adversely affect Patriot s net interest spread, asset quality, levels of prepayments, liquidity and cash flow, as well as the market value of its securities portfolio and overall profitability. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Patriot s investment portfolio includes securities that are sensitive to interest rates and variations in interest rates may adversely impact Patriot s profitability. 
 Patriot s security portfolio is classified as available-for-sale and is comprised primarily of corporate debt and mortgage-backed securities, which are insured or guaranteed by the U.S. Government. These securities are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations. Unrealized gains or losses in the available-for-sale portfolio of securities are reported as a separate component of shareholders equity. As a result, future interest rate fluctuations may impact shareholders equity, causing material fluctuations from quarter to quarter. The inability to hold its securities until market conditions are favorable for a sale, or until payments are received on mortgage-backed securities, could adversely affect Patriot s earnings and profitability. 
 Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Inflation has risen sharply since the end of 2021 to levels not seen in more than 40 years. Small to medium-sized businesses may be impacted more during periods of high inflation, as they are not able to leverage economics of scale to mitigate cost pressures compared to larger businesses. Consequently, the ability of our business customers to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause wages and other costs to the Company to increase, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Credit Risk 
 The risks involved in the Bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio are material. 
 The Bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio constitutes a material portion of its assets and generally has different risks than residential mortgage loans. Commercial real estate loans generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property and the income stream of the borrowers. Commercial real estate loans also typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers both at origination and at maturity. Commercial business loans expose us to additional risks since they typically are made on the basis of the borrower's ability to make repayments from the cash flow of the borrower's business and are secured by non-real estate collateral that may depreciate over time. In addition, some of our commercial borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship may expose us to a greater risk of loss. 
 Real estate lending involves risks related to a decline in value of commercial and residential real estate. 
 The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short period of time, as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which real estate is located. A deterioration in the national and regional real estate markets could harm our financial condition and results of operations because a large percentage of our loans are secured by real property. Declines in real estate values and sales volumes and high unemployment levels may result in higher than expected loan delinquencies, increases in our levels of nonperforming and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. If real estate values decline, the collateral for the Bank s loans will provide less security. As a result, the Bank s ability to recover on defaulted loans by selling the underlying real estate will be diminished, and the Bank will be more likely to suffer losses on defaulted loans. 
 The Bank s allowance for loan and lease losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. 
 Like all financial institutions, the Bank maintains an allowance for loan and lease losses to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. The allowance for loan and lease losses is based on an evaluation of the risks associated with the Bank s loans receivable, as well as the Bank s prior loss experience. Deterioration in general economic conditions and unforeseen risks affecting customers could have an adverse effect on borrowers capacity to timely repay their obligations before risk grades could reflect those changing conditions. Maintaining the adequacy of the Bank s allowance for loan and lease losses may require that the Bank make significant and unanticipated increases in the provision for loan losses, which would materially affect the results of operations and capital adequacy. The dollar amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating, and other conditions including changes in interest rates that may be beyond the Bank s control and which losses may exceed current allowance estimates. Although the current economic environment has improved, conditions remain uncertain and may result in additional risk of loan losses. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Federal regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, review the Bank s loan portfolio and assess the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses. The regulatory agencies may require the Bank to change classifications or grades on loans, increase the allowance for loan and lease losses by recognizing additional loan loss provisions, or to recognize further loan charge-offs based upon their judgments, which may differ from the Bank s. Any increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses required by these regulatory agencies could have a negative effect on the Bank s results of operations and financial condition. While management believes that the allowance for loan and lease losses is currently adequate to cover inherent losses, further loan deterioration could occur, and therefore, management cannot assure shareholders that there will not be a need to increase the allowance for loan and lease losses, or that the regulators will not require management to increase this allowance. Either of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect Patriot s earnings and profitability. 
 The implementation of Current Expected Credit Loss CECL ), which we expect will result in an increase our allowance for loan losses, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The ASU changes the methodology for measuring credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost to a current expected loss CECL model. The new accounting standard is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2023. CECL requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, other financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit and provide for the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This will change our current method of providing allowance for loan losses that are probable and we expect to record an allowance for credit losses as of January 1, 2023 in excess of our existing allowance for loan losses. CECL also greatly increases the data we need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. Although we expect the Bank and the Company will continue to meet all applicable capital adequacy requirements following recording of the impact of adoption to shareholders equity, future provisioning for expected credit losses under CECL may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 Patriot is dependent on its locally-based management team and the loss of its senior executive officers or other key employees could impair its relationship with its customers and adversely affect its business and financial results. 
 The Bank s success is dependent upon the continued services and skills of its long-term locally-based management team. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these key personnel, because of their skills, knowledge of the Bank s market, years of industry experience, and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel could have an adverse impact on the Bank s business. 
 Patriot s success also depends, in part, on its continued ability to attract and retain experienced commercial lenders and retail bankers, as well as other management personnel. The loss of services of several such key personnel could adversely affect Patriot s growth and prospects, to the extent replacement personnel are not able to be identified and promptly retained. Competition for commercial lenders and retail bankers is strong, and Patriot may not be successful in retaining or attracting such personnel. 
 Natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, the impact of health epidemics and other adverse external events could detrimentally affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Natural disasters (including severe weather events of increasing strength and frequency due to climate change), acts of war or terrorism, such as the recent outbreak of hostilities between Russia Ukraine, occurrence of health epidemics and other adverse external events could have a significant negative impact on our ability to conduct business or upon third parties who perform operational services for us or our customers. Such events also could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in lost revenue or cause us to incur additional expenses. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Patriot is subject to certain general affirmative debt covenants, which if it cannot comply, may result in default and actions taken against it by its debt holders. 
 On June 29, 2018, the Company entered into certain subordinated note purchase agreements with two institutional accredited investors and completed a private placement of 10 million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes with the maturity date of September 30, 2028. Proceeds of 7.8 million were directly contributed to the Bank. The subordinated debt qualifies for Tier 2 Capital of the Company and the funds contributed to the Bank qualify as Tier 1 capital at the Bank. 
 In December 2022, the Company issued 12 million of senior notes that contain certain affirmative covenants, which require the Company to: maintain its and its subsidiaries legal entity and tax status, pay its income tax obligations on a timely basis, and comply with SEC and FDIC reporting requirements. The senior notes are unsecured, rank equally with all other senior obligations of the Company, are not redeemable nor may they be put to the Company by the holders of the notes, and require no payment of principal until maturity. 
 The affirmative covenants contained in the senior notes and subordinated notes agreements are of a general nature and not uncommon in such debt agreements. Management does not anticipate an inability to maintain its compliance with the affirmative covenants contained in the senior notes and subordinated notes agreements as such compliance is inherent in the Bank s continued operation and Patriot s public company status, as well as management s overall strategic plan. 
 The Bank is subject to environmental liability risk associated with its lending activities. 
 A significant portion of the Bank s loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, the Bank may foreclose on, and take title to, properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties, which may make Patriot liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. In addition, Patriot owns and operates certain properties that may be subject to similar environmental liability risks. 
 Environmental laws may require the Bank to incur substantial expense and may materially reduce the affected property's value, or limit the Bank s ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase the Bank s exposure to environmental liability. Although the Bank has policies and procedures requiring the performance of an environmental site assessment before loan approval or initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these assessments may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on Patriot s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company relies on the dividends and return of capital it receives from its subsidiary. 
 The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from the Bank. The Company s primary source of revenue is the dividends or other returns of capital it receives from the Bank, which the Company uses to fund its activities, meet its obligations, and remit dividends to its shareholders. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends or other returns of capital that a bank may pay to its parent company. In addition, the Company s right to participate in a distribution of assets, upon liquidation or reorganization of the Bank or another regulated subsidiary, may be subordinate to claims by the Bank s or subsidiary's creditors. If the Bank were to be restricted from making payments to the Company, the Company s ability to fund its activities, meet its obligations, or pay dividends to its shareholders might be curtailed. The inability to receive payments from the Bank could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Per agreement with Bank regulators, dividends and return of capital from the Bank to the Company are subject to prior approval from the OCC, and dividends from the Company to third parties are also subject to prior approval from FRB. There is no assurance that Company will pay dividends in the future. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertainty relating to the LIBOR determination process and LIBOR discontinuance may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR is used extensively in the United States as a benchmark for various commercial and financial contracts, including adjustable rate mortgages, corporate debt, interest rate swaps and other derivatives. LIBOR is set based on interest rate information reported by certain banks. The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates the process for establishing LIBOR, announced in July 2017 that the sustainability of LIBOR cannot be guaranteed. The administrator for LIBOR announced on March 5, 2021 that it would permanently cease to publish most LIBOR settings beginning on January 1, 2022 and will cease to publish the overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month USD LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023. Accordingly, the FCA has stated that it does not intend to persuade or compel banks to submit to LIBOR after such respective dates. Until such time, however, FCA panel banks have agreed to continue to support LIBOR. 
 In October 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a Joint Statement on Managing the LIBOR Transition. In that guidance, the agencies offered their regulatory expectations and outlined potential supervisory and enforcement consequences for banks that fail to adequately plan for and implement the transition away from LIBOR. The failure to properly transition away from LIBOR may result in increased supervisory scrutiny. 
 The discontinuance of LIBOR may result in uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments and may also increase operational and other risks to the Company and the industry. 
 We have derivative contracts and limited loan exposure tied to LIBOR. Although we are not yet able to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Technology Risks 
 A breach of information security could adversely affect Patriot s operations or reputation and create significant legal and financial exposure. 
 The Company faces cybersecurity risks, including denial of service, hacking, and malware or ransomware attacks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect the Company s operations or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure. Patriot increasingly depends upon data processing, communications, and information exchange on a variety of computing platforms and networks, and the internet to conduct its business. Patriot cannot be certain that all of its systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack, despite safeguards it has instituted. In addition, Patriot relies on the services of a variety of vendors to meet its data processing and communication needs. If information security is breached, information can be lost or misappropriated and could result in financial loss or costs to Patriot, or damages to others. These financial losses or costs could materially exceed the amount of Patriot s insurance coverage, if applicable, which would have an adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the Bank s reputation could suffer if its database were breached, which could materially affect Patriot s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks associated with changes in technology. 
 Financial products and services have become increasingly technology-driven. The Bank s ability to compete for new customers and meet the needs of existing customers, in a cost-efficient manner, is dependent on its ability to keep pace with technological advances and to invest in new technology as it becomes available. Many of the Bank s competitors have greater resources to invest in technology and may be better equipped to market new technology-driven products and services. Failing to keep pace with technological change could have a material adverse impact on the Bank s business and therefore on Patriot s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory, Compliance and Legal Risks 
 Government regulation may have an adverse effect on Patriot s profitability and growth. 
 Patriot is subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by the OCC as the Bank s chartering authority, the FDIC as the insurer of its deposits, and the Fed as its primary regulator. Changes in federal and state banking laws and regulations, or in federal monetary policies, could adversely affect the Bank s profitability and continued growth. Legislative and regulatory changes are expected, but cannot be predicted. For example, new legislation or regulation could limit the manner in which Patriot may conduct its business, including the Bank s ability to obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans, and achieve satisfactory interest spreads. The laws, regulations, interpretations, and enforcement policies that apply to Patriot have been subject to significant, and sometimes retroactively applied, changes in recent years, and are likely to change significantly in the future. 
 Legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress, proposing significant structural reforms to the financial services industry, has, among other things, created the CFPB, which is given broad authority to regulate financial service providers and financial products. In addition, the Fed has passed guidance on incentive compensation at financial institutions it regulates and the United States Department of the Treasury and federal banking regulators have issued statements calling for higher capital and liquidity requirements. Complying with any new legislative or regulatory requirements and any programs established thereunder by federal and state governments, could have an adverse impact on Patriot s operations and the results thereof. 
 The Bank may be required to pay significantly higher FDIC premiums, special assessments, or taxes that could adversely affect its earnings. 
 Market developments have significantly impacted the insurance fund of the FDIC. As a result, the Bank may be required to pay higher premiums, or special assessments, that could adversely affect earnings. The amount of premiums the FDIC requires for the insurance coverage it provides is outside the Bank s control. If there are additional banks or financial institution failures, the Bank may be required to pay higher FDIC premiums than are currently assessed. Increases in FDIC insurance premiums, including any future increases or required prepayments, may materially adversely affect the Bank s results of operations. 
 Patriot is subject to risks associated with taxation. 
 The amount of income taxes Patriot is required to pay on its earnings is based on federal and state legislation and regulations. Patriot provides for current and deferred taxes in its financial statements, based on the results of operations, business activity, legal structure, interpretation of tax statutes, assessment of risk of adjustment upon audit, and application of financial accounting standards. Patriot may take tax return filing positions for which the final determination of tax is uncertain. Patriot s net income or loss and the related amount per share may be reduced, if a federal, state, or local tax authority assesses additional taxes, penalties, or interest that has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements. Patriot s equity position and net income or loss can also be reduced if all or apportion of its deferred tax assets are deemed to be unrealizable and require a valuation allowance. There can be no assurance that Patriot will achieve its anticipated effective tax rate, due to a change in a tax law, or the result of a tax audit that disallows previously recognized tax benefits. 
 Changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure. 
 Patriot is subject to laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, SEC rules and regulations, and NASDAQ rules. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, and as a result, their practical application may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. Due to the evolving legal and regulatory environment, compliance may become more difficult and result in higher costs. Patriot is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, Patriot s efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Patriot s reputation may be harmed, if it does not continue to comply with these laws, regulations and standards. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Competition Risks 
 Strong competition in Patriot s geographical market could limit growth and profitability. 
 Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. Fairfield County, Connecticut and the New York City metropolitan areas have a high concentration of financial institutions including large money center and regional banks, community banks, and credit unions. Some of Patriot s competitors offer products and services that the Bank currently does not offer, such as private banking and trust services. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than the Bank, and may offer certain services that Patriot does not or cannot provide. Price competition might result in the Bank earning less on its loans and paying more for deposits, which would reduce net interest income. Patriot expects competition to increase in the future, as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes. Patriot s profitability depends upon its continued ability to successfully compete in its geographical market. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Patriot is subject to certain risks with respect to liquidity. 
 "Liquidity" refers to Patriot s ability to generate sufficient cash flows to support its operations and fulfill its obligations, including commitments by the Bank to originate loans, to repay its wholesale borrowings and other liabilities, and to satisfy the withdrawal of deposits by its customers. 
 Patriot s primary sources of liquidity are the deposits the Bank acquires organically through its branch network and through the brokered deposit market, borrowed funds, primarily in the form of collateralized borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank, and the cash flows generated through the collection of loan payments and on mortgage-related securities. In addition, depending on current market conditions, Patriot may have the ability to access the capital markets. 
 Deposit flows, calls of investment securities and wholesale borrowings, and prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities are strongly influenced by such external factors as the direction of interest rates, whether actual or perceived; local and national economic conditions; and competition for deposits and loans in the markets served. Prepaid deposits coming through the Payments Division will fluctuate on a daily basis based on standard business activity in the underlying customer accounts. Furthermore, changes to the underwriting guidelines for wholesale borrowings, or lending policies may limit or restrict Patriot s ability to borrow, and could therefore have a significant adverse impact on its liquidity. A decline in available funding could adversely impact Patriot s ability to originate loans, invest in securities, and meet its expenses, or to fulfill such obligations as repaying its borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Common Stock 
 The price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate. 
 The market price of the Company s common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations due to changes in sentiment in the market regarding the Company s operations or business prospects. Among other factors, the Company s stock price may be affected by: 
 Operating results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 Developments in its business or in the financial services sector in-general; 
 Regulatory or legislative changes affecting its business or the financial services sector in-general; 
 Operating results or securities price performance of companies that investors consider being comparable to the Company; 
 Changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts or rating agencies; 
 Announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions, dispositions, financings, and other material events by the Company or the Company s competitors; and 
 Changes or volatility in global financial markets and economies, general market conditions, interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity, credit, or asset valuations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. Properties 
 The following table summarizes Patriot s owned and leased properties, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Street Address City County State Owned: 233 Post Road Darien Fairfield Connecticut 1755 Black Rock Turnpike Fairfield Fairfield Connecticut 100 Mason Street Greenwich Fairfield Connecticut 900 Bedford Street Stamford Fairfield Connecticut 999 Bedford Street Stamford Fairfield Connecticut 771 Boston Post Road Milford New Haven Connecticut 50 Charles Street Westport Fairfield Connecticut Leased: 16 River Street Norwalk Fairfield Connecticut 415 Post Road East Westport Fairfield Connecticut 495 Central Park Avenue Scarsdale Westchester New York 7 Old Tavern Road Orange New Haven Connecticut 30 Oak Street Stamford Fairfield Connecticut 300 Centerville Rd Warwick Kent County Rhode Island 
 At December 31, 2022, five branch buildings were owned and four branch facilities were leased. Additionally, the Bank maintains certain operating and administrative service facilities and additional parking at its main branch banking office, which are subject to eleven non-cancelable operating lease agreements. Patriot s lease agreements have terms ranging from one year to fifteen years with nine years and seven months remaining on the longest lease term. Generally, Patriot s lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses, and renewals for one or more periods at the Bank s option. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has excess space that it leases to four unrelated parties. For additional information, see the Leases footnote disclosure in the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to its business, neither the Company nor the Bank has any pending legal proceedings to which the Company or the Bank is a party or any of its property is subject. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The Company s Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the Symbol PNBK. 
 Holders 
 There were approximately 252 shareholders of record of the Company s Common Stock as of December 31, 2022. This number does not reflect the number of persons or entities holding stock in nominee name through banks, brokerage firms or other nominees. 
 Dividends 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends is dependent on the Bank s ability to pay dividends or execute a return of capital to the Company. The Bank can make payments to the Company pursuant to a dividend policy requiring compliance with the Bank's OCC-approved capital program, in compliance with applicable law, and with the prior written determination of no supervisory objection by the Assistant Deputy Comptroller. In addition to the capital program, certain other restrictions exist regarding the ability of the Bank to transfer funds to the Company in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. The approval of the OCC is required to make payments in excess of the Bank s earnings retained in the current year plus retained net earnings for the preceding two years. The Company is also prohibited from paying dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements. OCC regulations impose limitations upon all capital distributions by commercial institutions, like the Bank, such as dividends, returns of capital, and payments to repurchase or otherwise acquire shares. The Company may not declare or pay cash dividends on or repurchase any of its shares of common stock, if the effect thereof would cause stockholders equity to be reduced below applicable regulatory capital maintenance requirements, or if such declaration and payments would otherwise violate regulatory requirements. 
 The Company did not pay any dividends since 2020, and has temporarily suspended dividend payments. There is no assurance that Company will pay dividends in the future. 
 For information regarding our equity compensation plans, see PART III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The performance graph compares the Company s cumulative total shareholder return on its common stock over the last five fiscal years to the NASDAQ Community Bank Total Return Index and the S P 500 Total Return Index. Total shareholder return is measured by dividing the sum of the cumulative amount of dividends for the measurement period (assuming dividend reinvestment) and the Company s share price at the end of the measurement period, by the share price at the beginning of the measurement period. 
 
 Period Ending 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Patriot National Bancorp ("PNBK") 100.00 79.83 71.48 55.69 87.11 59.38 Nasdaq Community Bank Index Total Return Index ("XABQ") 100.00 82.10 99.53 88.95 124.25 101.44 S P 500 Total Return Index ("SP500TR") 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 192.08 156.88 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

18 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis - Financial Condition Results of Operations 
 
 General 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to assist in understanding the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The accounting and reporting policies of Patriot conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and to general practices within the financial services industry. A summary of Patriot s significant accounting policies is included in the Notes to consolidated financial statements that are referenced in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Although all of Patriot s policies are integral to understanding its consolidated financial statements, certain accounting policies involve management to exercise judgment, develop assumptions, and make estimates that may have a material impact on the financial information presented in the consolidated financial statements or Notes thereto. The assumptions and estimates are based on historical experience and other factors representing the best available information to management as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, up to and including the date of issuance or availability for issuance. As the basis for the assumptions and estimates incorporated in the consolidated financial statements may change, as new information comes to light, the consolidated financial statements could reflect different assumptions and estimates. 
 Due to the judgments, assumptions, and estimates inherent in the following policies, management considers such accounting policies critical to an understanding of the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (ALLL) 
 The Company maintains an ALLL at a level management believes is sufficient to absorb estimated credit losses incurred as of the report date. Management s determination of the adequacy of the ALLL is based on periodic evaluations of the loan portfolio and other relevant factors. However, this evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires significant estimates by management. As applicable, consideration is given to a variety of factors in establishing these estimates including historical losses, peer and industry data, current economic conditions, the size and composition of the loan portfolio, delinquency statistics, criticized and classified assets and impaired loans, results of internal loan reviews, borrowers perceived financial and management strengths, the adequacy of underlying collateral, the dependence on collateral, and the strength of the present value of future cash flows and other relevant factors. These factors may be susceptible to significant change. 
 To the extent actual outcomes differ from management s estimates, additional provisions for loan losses may be required, which may adversely affect the Company s results of operations in the future. Subsequent to acquisition of purchased-credit-impaired loans, estimates of cash flows expected to be collected are updated each reporting period based on updated assumptions regarding default rates, loss severity, and other factors that are reflective of current market conditions. Subsequent decreases in expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for loan losses; subsequent increases in expected cash flows may result in a reversal of the provision for loan losses to the extent of prior charges. 
 The new accounting standard, CECL, effective for the Company as of January 1, 2023. will require the Bank to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, other financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit and provide for the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This will change our current method of providing allowance for loan losses and require us to record an allowance for credit losses as of January 1,2023 materially in excess of our existing allowance for loan losses. CECL will also greatly increase the data we will need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses and will likely require larger allowances for credit losses going forward than our current methodology. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Unrealized Gains and Losses on Securities Available-for-sale 
 The Company receives estimated fair values of debt securities from independent valuation services and brokers. In developing these fair values, the valuation services and brokers use estimates of cash flows based on historical performance of similar instruments in similar rate environments. Available-for-sale debt securities consist primarily of U.S. Government agency debt and mortgage-backed securities issued by the U.S. government, corporate bonds, subordinated notes and SBA loan pools. The Company uses various indicators in determining whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired including, for debt securities, when it is probable that the contractual interest and principal will not be collected, or for equity securities, whether the market value is below its cost for an extended period of time with low expectation of recovery. The debt securities are monitored for changes in credit ratings because adverse changes in credit ratings could indicate a change in the estimated cash flows of the underlying collateral or issuer. The Company also considers the volatility of a security s price in comparison to the market as a whole and any recoveries or declines in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date. If management determines that the impairment is other-than-temporary, the entire amount of the impairment, as of the balance sheet date, is recognized in earnings, even if the decision to sell the security has not been made. 
 The fair value of the security becomes the new amortized cost basis of the investment and is not adjusted for subsequent recoveries in fair value. Available-for-sale debt securities were not considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020 because the unrealized losses were related to changes in interest rates and did not affect the expected cash flows to be received, or indicate a loss of value on the underlying collateral, or a loss of financial stability on the part of the issuer. Management concluded that the declines in fair value of the investment portfolio as of the reporting dates is temporary and that values would recover by way of increases in market price or positive changes in market interest rates. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the identifiable net assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is recognized as an asset and is to be reviewed for impairment annually and between annual tests when events and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Impairment is a condition that exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. 
 Intangible assets, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, are amortized to expense over their estimated useful lives in a manner consistent with that in which the related benefits are expected to be realized, and are periodically reviewed by management to assess recoverability. Impairment losses on other intangibles are recognized as a charge to expense if carrying amounts exceed fair values. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Servicing Assets 
 A servicing asset related to SBA loans is initially recorded when these loans are sold and the servicing rights are retained. The servicing asset is recorded on the balance sheet and included in other assets. Fair value is determined using prices for similar assets with similar characteristics, when available, or based upon discounted cash flows using market-based assumptions. Impairment is evaluated based on stratifying the underlying financial assets by date of origination and term. Any impairment, if temporary, would be reported as a valuation allowance. 
 Derivatives Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements as part of the Company s interest rate risk management strategy. The Company has derivatives not designated as hedges. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain loan customers. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. The swaps are reported at fair value in other assets or other liabilities. The interest rate swaps qualify as derivatives, but are not designated as hedging instruments, thus any net gain or loss resulting from changes in the fair value is recognized in other noninterest income. 
 The Company also had derivatives designated as cash flow hedges. Cash flow hedges are used to hedge exposures, or to modify interest rate characteristics, for certain balance sheet accounts under its interest rate risk management strategy. Changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges are initially recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. If a hedge relationship were no longer highly effective, hedge accounting would be discontinued. 
 Further discussion of the derivatives is set forth in Note 1, Note 11, and Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Assets 
 The Company s total assets increased 94.9 million, or 10.0 , from 948.5 million at December 31, 2021 to 1.0 billion at December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in net loans from 729.6 million as of December 31, 2021, to 838.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased 8.6 million or 18.2 , from 47.0 million at December 31, 2021 to 38.5 million as of December 31, 2022. The decrease as of December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to increase in loan origination and purchased loans. The Company s liquidity position is strong with liquid assets to total assets of 9.3 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Investment securities 
 The following table is a summary of the Company s available-for-sale securities portfolio and other investments at the dates shown: 
 December 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 U. S. Government agency and mortgage-backed securities 59,046 66,629 16,833 Corporate bonds 14,655 16,921 17,290 Subordinated notes 4,602 4,626 9,005 SBA loan pools 5,718 5,603 5,567 Municipal bonds 499 562 567 Total available-for-sale securities, at fair value 84,520 94,341 49,262 Other investments, at cost 4,450 4,450 4,450 88,970 98,791 53,712 
 Total investments decreased 9.8 million or 9.9 , from 98.8 million at December 31, 2021 to 89.0 million at December 31, 2022. This decrease was primarily attributable to the net unrealized loss of 18.9 million for the available-for-sale securities, associated with rising market interest rates, and 10.3 million in repayments and maturity of principal on available-for-sale securities, which was partially offset by purchases of available-for-sale securities of 19.3 million in 2022. There were no sales of available-for-sales securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Bank sold 58.8 million available-for-sale securities and recognized net gain on sale of securities of 76,000. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Loans held for investment 
 The following table provides the composition of the Company s loan held for investment portfolio as of December 31, for each of the years shown: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amount Amount Amount Loan portfolio segment: Commercial Real Estate 437,443 51.57 365,247 49.38 282,378 38.68 Residential Real Estate 124,140 14.63 158,591 21.45 153,851 21.07 Commercial and Industrial 138,787 16.36 122,810 16.61 144,297 19.76 Consumer and Other 141,091 16.63 59,364 8.03 67,635 9.26 Construction 4,922 0.58 21,781 2.95 66,984 9.17 Construction to permanent - CRE 1,933 0.23 11,695 1.58 15,035 2.06 Loans receivable, gross 848,316 100.00 739,488 100.00 730,180 100.00 Allowance for loan losses (10,310) (9,905) (10,584) Loans receivable, net 838,006 729,583 719,596 
 The gross loans receivable increased 108.8 million or 14.7 , from 739.5 million at December 31, 2021 to 848.3 million at December 31, 2022. The increase in loans was primarily attributable to 211.4 million in loan origination and 141.4 million in purchases of loans receivable which was partially offset by a net decrease in loan payoffs of 239.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Patriot originates SBA 7(a) loans, on which the SBA has historically provided guarantees of 75 of the principal balance. However, during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, the SBA temporarily increased the guarantees to 90 and reverted to 75 on October 1, 2021. The guaranteed portion of the Company s SBA loans is generally sold in the secondary market with the unguaranteed portion held in the portfolio as a loan held for investment. 
 SBA loans held for investment were included in the commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loan classifications above. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, SBA loans included in the commercial real estate loans were 12.2 million and 9.7 million, respectively. SBA loans included in the commercial and industrial loan were 20.3 million and 17.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the net loan to deposit ratio was 97.4 and the net loan to total assets ratio was 80.3 . At December 31, 2021, these ratios were 97.0 and 77.0 , respectively. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
 The following table presents loans receivable, gross by portfolio segment, by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2022: 
 Contractual Maturity of Loan Balance (In thousands) One year or less One through Five Years After Five Years Total Loan portfolio segment: Commercial Real Estate 51,910 201,391 184,142 437,443 Residential Real Estate 1,006 8,053 115,081 124,140 Commercial and Industrial 17,638 59,946 61,203 138,787 Consumer and Other 112 72,991 67,988 141,091 Construction 3,885 1,037 4,922 Construction to permanent - CRE 1,933 1,933 Total 74,551 343,418 430,347 848,316 Fixed rate loans 7,307 211,974 148,959 368,240 Variable rate loans 67,244 131,444 281,388 480,076 Total 74,551 343,418 430,347 848,316 
 All variable rate loans account for 56.59 of the total loan portfolio. Approximately 26.00 of the variable rate loan portfolio reprices with changes in interest rates within three months of the rate change. The balance of the loan portfolio has an initial rate for a fixed period, for example one, three or five years and then reprice annually after the initial fixed period. These repricing characteristics are reflected in the Bank s aggregate analysis of net interest sensitivity included in Item 7A. of this report. 
 As a community bank, the Bank is invested in a local economy, which may be subject to the vagaries of general economic conditions. As of December 31, 2022, the investments in Commercial Real Estate and Commercial and Industrial were approximately 67.93 of total loans receivable. These loans generally are collateralized by the underlying real estate and supported by personal guarantees of the borrowers. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses increased 405,000 from 9.9 million at December 31, 2021 to 10.3 million at December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to a provision for loan losses of 1.9 million due to increased loan balances and additional specific reserve for one impaired loan, which was partially offset by net charge-offs of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Based upon the overall assessment and evaluation of the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and based upon the prevailing accounting standard (ASC 310-10-35), management believes the allowance for loan and lease losses of 10.3 million, which represents 1.2 of gross loans outstanding, was adequate under prevailing economic conditions to absorb existing losses in the loan portfolio. As of January 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13 to recognize and measure credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost as discussed further in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 The following table provides detail of activity in the allowance for loan and lease losses: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of the period 9,905 10,584 10,115 Charge-offs: Commercial Real Estate (51) (1,032) Residential Real Estate (3) (24) Commercial and Industrial (70) (212) (677) Consumer and Other (1,690) (23) (45) Construction (68) (69) Total charge-offs (1,828) (358) (1,778) Recoveries: Commercial Real Estate 154 Residential Real Estate 4 3 1 Commercial and Industrial 69 65 70 Consumer and Other 121 111 6 Total recoveries 348 179 77 Net charge-offs (1,480) (179) (1,701) Provision (credit) for loan losses 1,885 (500) 2,170 Balance at end of the period 10,310 9,905 10,584 Ratios: Net charge-offs to average loans (0.18) (0.03) (0.22) Allowance for loan losses to total loans 1.22 1.34 1.45 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides an allocation of allowance for loan and lease losses by portfolio segment and the percentage of the loans to total loans: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Allowance for loan losses Percent of loans in each category to total loans Allowance for loan losses Percent of loans in each category to total loans Allowance for loan losses Percent of loans in each category to total loans Commercial Real Estate 6,966 51.57 5,063 49.38 4,485 38.68 Residential Real Estate 665 14.63 1,700 21.45 1,379 21.07 Commercial and Industrial 1,403 16.36 2,532 16.61 3,284 19.76 Consumer and Other 1,207 16.63 253 8.03 295 9.26 Construction 24 0.58 78 2.95 739 9.17 Construction to permanent - CRE 10 0.23 41 1.58 162 2.06 Unallocated 35 N/A 238 N/A 240 N/A Total Allowance for loan losses 10,310 100.00 9,905 100.00 10,584 100.00 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 The following table presents non-accrual and accruing loans which were past due by over 90 days for the dates indicated: 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Non-accruing loans: Commercial Real Estate 11,241 15,704 14,534 Residential Real Estate 2,470 3,148 3,854 Commercial and Industrial 4,833 4,101 700 Consumer and Other 49 142 917 Construction Total non-accruing loans 18,593 23,095 20,005 Loans past due over 90 days and still accruing 1,155 2 16 Other real estate owned 1,906 Total nonperforming assets 19,748 23,097 21,927 Nonperforming assets to total assets 1.89 2.44 2.49 Nonperforming loans to total loans, net 2.36 3.17 2.78 
 Non-accrual loans decreased 4.5 million, from 23.1 million at December 31, 2021 to 18.6 million at December 31, 2022. The 18.6 million of non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 was comprised of 28 borrowers. Two TDR loans totaling 9.5 million were included in the non-accrual loans. For collateral dependent loans, the Bank has obtained appraisal reports from independent licensed appraisal firms and discounted those values based on the Bank s experience selling OREO properties and for estimated selling costs to determine estimated impairment. For cash flow dependent loans, the Bank determined the reserve based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate. The Bank evaluated the impaired loans individually and established a specific reserve of 6.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the 23.1 million of non-accrual loans was comprised of thirty borrowers, for which a specific reserve of 2.3 million had been established. Three TDR loans of total 9.7 million were included in the non-accrual loans as of December 31, 2021. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Loans held for sale 
 Loans held for sale are made up of SBA loans which totaled 5.2 million and 3.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Loans made by the Bank under the SBA 7(a) program generally are made to small businesses to provide working capital or to provide funding for the purchase of businesses, real estate, or equipment. SBA loans are made based primarily on the historical and projected cash flow of the business and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided. 
 Under the SBA 7(a) program the loans generally carry an SBA guaranty for 75 of the loan. The Bank can sell the guaranteed portion in the secondary market and retain and hold for investment the related unguaranteed portion of these loans, as well as the servicing on such loans, for which it is paid a fee. SBA loans held for investment are included in the commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loan classifications. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2021, the SBA increased the guaranteed percentage to 90 during one of the rounds of stimulus. As of October 1, 2021, the guaranteed percentage reverted back to 75 of the loan. 
 Patriot sells the guaranteed portion of SBA loans for liquidity purposes and to generate non-interest income. Loans held for sale represent the guaranteed portion of SBA loans and are reflected at the lower of aggregate cost or market value. Loans held for sale at December 31, 2022 consisted of 3.1 million SBA commercial and industrial loans and 2.1 million SBA commercial real estate, respectively. SBA loans held for sale at December 31, 2021, consisted of 2.6 million SBA commercial and industrial loans and 562,000 SBA commercial real estate, respectively. The Company sold 21.6 million SBA loans during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 14.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During 2022 and 2021, no loans held for investment were transferred to loans held for sale. In September 2020, one commercial and industrial loan of 5.0 million was reclassified from loans held for investment to loans held for sale. The loan was sold in October 2020 which resulted in proceeds of 5.0 million. 
 Premises and equipment 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Patriot recorded premises and equipment, net, of 30.6 million and 31.5 million, respectively. The decreases in premises and equipment were normal depreciation of the active premises and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2021, the Bank sold a building in New Haven, Connecticut, and recognized proceeds from the sale of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Bank did not sell any property and equipment in 2022. 
 Management continuously reviews its branch locations and corporate offices evaluating operating efficiencies and market share as well as effective customer service and delivery. 
 Other Real Estate Owned OREO 
 In 2021, Patriot sold the last OREO of 1.9 million and recognized a gain of 2,000. Therefore, no OREO balance was record on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Goodwill 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's goodwill was recorded unchanged at 1.1 million, which resulted from the acquisition of Prime Bank in May 2018. The Company performed its annual review of goodwill as of October 31, 2022 and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. 
 Core deposit intangible CDI 
 Core deposit intangible CDI was recorded as part of the Prime Bank business combination in May 2018. The CDI is amortized over a 10-year period using the straight-line method. In 2020, an impairment charge of 206,000 was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020, due to the decline in interest rates in 2020. The Company performed a review of the CDI as of October 31, 2022 and determined that there was no impairment of the CDI as of December 31, 2022. The decrease in CDI of 47,000 from 296,000 at December 31, 2021 to 249,000 at December 31, 2022, was solely due to the amortization of the CDI for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred Taxes 
 As of December 31, 2022, Patriot had available approximately 15.8 million of Federal net operating loss carryforwards NOL that are offset by 15.5 million in Internal Revenue Code 382 limitations. After applying the limitation, at December 31, 2022, Patriot has post-change net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately 0.3 million which do not expire. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank did not record any uncertain tax position UTP related to the utilization of certain federal net operating losses. 
 Additionally, Patriot has approximately 52.8 million of NOLs available for Connecticut tax purposes at December 31, 2022, which may be used to offset up to 50 of taxable income in any year. The NOLs expire between 2030 and 2040. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Patriot had a 15.5 million deferred tax asset, comprised of multiple temporary differences, in addition to the previously aforementioned NOLs. The assessment of the potential realizability of the deferred tax assets is based on observation of the condition and future of the Bank, including: 
 Cumulative pre-tax profit over the last four years; 
 Forecasted taxable income for 2023 and future periods; 
 Historical average pre-tax income over the last four years adjusted for a fraud loss and other non-recurring expenses relating to merger and acquisition activity, and a reduced cost of funds now reflected in its most recent results; 
 Improvements in operations and cost management; and 
 Net operating loss carry-forwards that do not begin to expire until 2030. 
 Patriot evaluates its ability to realize its net deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. In doing so, management considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. In 2022, management noted improvements in the results of operations, forecasted future period taxable income, the overall quality of the loan portfolio, continued efforts to reduce and control operating expenses, and net operating loss carryforwards that do not begin to expire until the year 2030. Based upon this evidence, management concluded there was no need for a valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022. 
 Patriot will continue to evaluate its ability to realize its net deferred tax assets. If future evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance will be established. 
 Derivatives 
 As of December 31, 2022, Patriot had entered into four interest rate swaps swaps ). Two swaps are with a loan customer to provide a facility to mitigate the fluctuations in the variable rate on the respective loan. The other two swaps are with an outside third party. The customer interest rate swaps are matched in offsetting terms to the third-party interest rate swaps. The swaps are reported at fair value in other assets or other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Patriot s swaps are derivatives, but are not designated as hedging instruments, thus any net gain or loss resulting from changes in the fair value is recognized in other non-interest income. No gain on the swaps was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 In April 2021, Patriot entered into a receive fixed/pay variable interest rate swap, intended to reduce the Company s exposure to interest rate movements. This contractual agreement was designated as a cash flow hedge. Under the term of the swap contract, the Company hedged the cash flows associated with a pool of 1-month LIBOR floating rate loans by converting a 50 million portion of that pool of loans into fixed rates with the swap. The Bank received fixed and paid float swap for a 7-year rolling period beginning April 29, 2021. In August 2021, the cash flow hedge interest rate swap contract was terminated. 
 The Company did not recognize any unrealized and realized gain or loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized 149,000 of accumulated other comprehensive income that was reclassified into interest income. The interest swap interest income is included in interest and fees on loans on the consolidated statements of operations. A gain of 512,000 was recognized from the termination of the interest rate swap cash flow hedge for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in other income on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Further discussion of the final derivatives is set forth in Note 11 and Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Deposits 
 The following table is a summary of the Company s deposits at the dates shown: 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Non-interest bearing: Non-interest bearing 118,541 140,384 99,344 Prepaid DDA 151,095 86,329 59,332 Total non-interest bearing 269,636 226,713 158,676 Interest bearing: Negotiable order of withdrawal accounts 34,440 34,741 30,529 Savings 71,002 109,744 98,635 Money market 164,827 111,957 131,378 Money market - prepaid deposits 46,173 52,561 15,011 Certificates of deposit, less than 250,000 165,793 142,246 160,968 Certificates of deposit, 250,000 or greater 59,877 53,584 49,172 Brokered deposits 48,698 17,016 41,287 Total Interest bearing 590,810 521,849 526,980 Total Deposits 860,446 748,562 685,656 
 The Bank has substantially improved its deposit and funding mix over the past year, while reducing its aggregate cost of funds. As of December 31, 2022, total deposits increased 111.9 million, primarily due to growth in prepaid DDA and Money market deposits of 58.4 million and a 61.5 million increase in brokered deposits and certificates of deposits. 
 Borrowings 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total borrowings were 115.2 million and 120.7 million, respectively. Borrowings consist of Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances, senior notes, junior subordinated debentures, and a note payable to the seller from whom the Fairfield branch building was purchased in 2015. 
 Shareholders Equity 
 Equity decreased 7.8 million from 67.3 million at December 31, 2021 to 59.6 million at December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to 14.0 million unrealized loss in investment portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was partially offset by 6.2 million of net income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents average balance sheets, interest income, interest expense and the corresponding yields earned, and rates paid for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Interest Yield Average Balance Interest Yield Average Balance Interest Yield ASSETS Interest Earning Assets: Loans 831,634 40,823 4.91 705,353 30,115 4.27 791,626 35,835 4.51 Investments 96,770 2,691 2.78 102,466 2,147 2.10 59,668 1,859 3.12 Cash equivalents and other 32,229 498 1.55 57,753 89 0.15 49,071 209 0.42 Total interest earning assets 960,633 44,012 4.58 865,572 32,351 3.74 900,365 37,903 4.20 Cash and due from banks 8,091 4,016 2,357 Allowance for loan losses (9,762) (10,384) (10,896) OREO 893 2,259 Other assets 66,440 61,182 62,086 Total Assets 1,025,402 921,279 956,171 Liabilities Interest bearing liabilities: Deposits 572,295 5,300 0.93 525,537 2,243 0.43 641,981 9,154 1.42 Borrowings 105,333 3,475 3.30 94,511 2,986 3.16 92,469 2,671 2.88 Senior notes 12,002 866 7.22 11,963 913 7.63 11,888 915 7.70 Subordinated debt 17,947 1,066 5.94 17,910 933 5.21 17,872 991 5.53 Note Payable and other 678 46 6.78 881 15 1.70 1,086 19 1.74 Total interest bearing liabilities 708,255 10,753 1.52 650,802 7,090 1.09 765,296 13,750 1.79 Demand deposits 244,128 196,287 116,519 Other liabilities 10,610 8,485 8,760 Total Liabilities 962,993 855,574 890,575 Shareholders' equity 62,409 65,705 65,596 Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 1,025,402 921,279 956,171 Net interest income 33,259 25,261 24,153 Interest margin 3.46 2.92 2.68 Interest spread 3.06 2.65 2.41 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the change in interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities by major category and the related change in the interest income earned and interest expense incurred thereon attributable to the change in transactional volume in the financial instruments and the rates of interest applicable thereto, comparing the years ended December 31, 2022 to 2021 and December 31, 2021 to 2020. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 2021 compared to 2020 (In thousands) Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest Earning Assets: Loans 5,063 5,645 10,708 (3,816) (1,904) (5,720) Investments (115) 659 544 1,252 (964) 288 Cash equivalents and other (42) 451 409 36 (156) (120) Total interest earning assets 4,906 6,755 11,661 (2,528) (3,024) (5,552) Interest bearing liabilities: Deposit 463 2,594 3,057 (2,762) (4,149) (6,911) Borrowings 342 147 489 58 257 315 Senior notes 3 (50) (47) (2) (2) Subordinated debt 2 131 133 (58) (58) Note payable and other 31 31 (4) (4) Total interest bearing liabilities 841 2,822 3,663 (2,710) (3,950) (6,660) Net interest income 4,065 3,933 7,998 182 926 1,108 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 A discussion regarding the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 is presented below. Discussions of fiscal 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found under Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022. 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the years 2022 and 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded net income of 6.2 million 1.56 basic and diluted earnings per share) compared to net income of 5.1 million 1.29 basic and diluted loss per share) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Pre-tax income was 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to pre-tax income of 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Significant variances are summarized below and discussed in detail subsequently: 
 Interest and dividend income increased 11.7 million; 
 Interest expense increased 3.7 million; 
 Net interest income increased 8.0 million; 
 Provision for loan losses increased 2.4 million; 
 Non-interest income decreased 818,000; and 
 Non-interest expense increased 2.1 million. 
 Net interest income 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest income on interest earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income depends on the relative amounts of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the interest rates earned or paid on them, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest income increased to 44.0 million, as compared to 32.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily attributable to an increase of 126.3 million in average loan balances, along with an increase in rates earned on loans reflecting the increase in interest rates during 2022. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total interest expense increased to 10.8 million, as compared to 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in average deposits balance of 46.8 million. The increase in deposit interest expense reflects higher deposit balances and higher market interest rates. 
 Net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 33.3 million and 25.3 million, respectively. The Bank s net interest margin showed improvement, and increased to 3.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 2.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher net interest margin was due to effective monitoring of the Bank s interest sensitivity position during the rising interest rate environment, higher loan balances and the increase in deposit balances resulting from the addition of 58.4 million of low-cost prepaid deposits in 2022. 
 Provision (Credit) for loan losses 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank recorded a provision for loan losses of 1.9 million reflecting the increased loan balance and higher charge-offs associated with a purchased consumer loan portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2021, a credit for loan losses of 500,000 was recorded as a result of improvements in the economy and in classified loan balances. 
 Non-interest income 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, non-interest income decreased to 3.6 million, as compared to 4.4 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower net realized gains on sale of SBA loans as premiums available in the SBA secondary market declined during the year. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Non-interest expense 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, non-interest expense increased to 27.2 million, as compared to 25.2 million for 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an Employee Retention Credits of 2.9 million recognized in 2021, which was partially offset by a non-recurring project expenses of 1.9 million in connection with the proposed merger transaction with American Challenger in 2021. 
 Termination of Pending acquisition 
 On November 14, 2021, the Company and American Challenger entered into a merger agreement, which was subsequently amended on January 28, 2022 and February 28, 2022. On July 18, 2022, the merger agreement was terminated by the parties due to mutual determination that not all closing conditions of the merger agreement could be satisfied. In connection with the proposed merger, the Company has previously recognized expenses of 1.9 million for the full year ended December 31, 2021 and 112,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other financial measures and ratios: 
 As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Return on average assets 0.60 0.55 (0.40) Return on average equity 9.87 7.75 (5.82) Average equity to average assets 6.09 7.13 6.86 
 We derived the selected balance sheet measures as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the selected statement of income measures for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. Average balances have been computed using daily averages. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s balance sheet liquidity was 97.4 million, which was 9.3 of total assets of 1.0 billion. At December 31, 2021, the balance sheet liquidity was 108.4 million, which was 11.4 of total assets of 948.5 million. Liquidity including readily available off-balance sheet funding sources was 18.0 at December 31, 2022 compared to 21.7 at December 31, 2021. 
 The following categories of assets are considered balance sheet liquidity: cash and due from banks, federal funds sold (if any), short-term investments (if any), unpledged available-for-sale securities, and loans held for sale. In addition, off-balance sheet funding sources include collateral based borrowing available from the FHLB, correspondent bank borrowing lines, and advised borrowing lines through an interbank borrowing network. 
 Liquidity is a measure of the Company s ability to generate adequate cash to meet its financial obligations. The principal cash requirements of a financial institution are to cover downward fluctuations in deposit accounts. Management believes the Company s liquid assets provide sufficient coverage to satisfy loan demand, cover potential fluctuations in deposit accounts, and to meet other anticipated operational cash requirements for next 12 months and beyond. 
 The Company is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ("FHLB-B"). At December 31, 2022, the outstanding advances from the FHLB-B aggregated 85.0 million. The additional borrowing capacity available from FHLB-B was 69.2 million, which is comprised of 67.2 million of advances and a 2.0 million overnight line of credit. Additionally, the Bank retains a collateralized borrowing line with the Federal Reserve Bank which totaled 20.4 million at December 31, 2022 and correspondent bank borrowing lines totaling 24.5 million at December 31, 2022. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, the maturities of Patriot s contractual obligations are as follows: 
 (In thousands) Contractual Obligations Due Contractual Obligation Category Less than One Year One to Three Years Three to Five Years Over Five Years Total Certificates of deposit 169,088 43,876 12,706 225,670 Brokered deposits 43,589 5,109 48,698 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 55,000 30,000 85,000 Senior notes 12,000 12,000 Subordinated debt 10,000 10,000 Junior subordinated debt 8,248 8,248 Note payable 210 375 585 Operating lease obligations 583 775 551 830 2,739 Total contractual obligations 268,470 80,135 25,257 19,078 392,940 
 Management manages its capital resources by seeking to maintain a capital structure that will ensure an adequate level of capital to support anticipated asset growth and absorb potential losses while effectively leveraging capital to enhance profitability and return to shareholders. Due to prior year losses, dividends have not been paid to shareholders over the most recent three-year period but may resume in future periods. 
 The primary source of liquidity at the Company as a stand-alone parent company is return of capital from the Bank. These capital returns are subject to OCC approval and are needed periodically to provide funds needed to service debt payments at the Company. Return of Capital payments from the Bank to the Company totaled 900,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, 500,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 The Bank s off-balance sheet commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee by the borrower. Since these commitments could expire without being drawn upon or are contingent upon the customer adhering to the terms of the agreements, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s off-balance sheet commitments were 154.3 million and 127.0 million, respectively. 
 
 REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
 In September 2019, the community bank leverage ratio (CBLR) framework was jointly issued by the FDIC, OCC and FRB. The final rule gives qualifying community banks the option to use a simplified measure of capital adequacy instead of risk-based capital, beginning with their March 31, 2020 Call Report. Under the final rule a community bank may qualify for the CBLR framework if it has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 , less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. In September 2021, the Bank adopted the CBLR framework. The Bank s Tier 1 leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 9.3 and 9.9 , respectively, which is above the well-capitalized required level of 9.0 . 
 Management continuously assesses the adequacy of the Bank s capital with the goal to maintain a well capitalized classification. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market risk is defined as the sensitivity of income to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and other market-driven rates or prices. The Bank s market risk is primarily limited to interest rate risk. 
 The Bank s goal is to maximize long term profitability while minimizing its exposure to interest rate fluctuations. The first priority is to structure and price the Bank s assets and liabilities to maintain an acceptable interest rate spread while reducing the net effect of changes in interest rates. In order to accomplish this, the focus is on maintaining a proper balance between the timing and volume of assets and liabilities re-pricing within the balance sheet. One method of achieving this balance is to originate variable rate loans for the portfolio and purchase short-term investments to offset the increasing short-term re-pricing of the liability side of the balance sheet. In fact, a number of the interest-bearing deposit products have no contractual maturity. Therefore, deposit balances may run off unexpectedly due to changing market conditions. Additionally, loans and investments with longer term rate adjustment frequencies can be matched against longer term deposits and borrowings to lock in a desirable spread. 
 The exposure to interest rate risk is monitored by the Management Asset and Liability Committee consisting of senior management personnel. The Committee reviews the interrelationships within the balance sheet to maximize net interest income within acceptable levels of risk. This Committee reports to the Board of Directors. In addition to the Management Asset and Liability Committee, there is a Board Asset and Liability Committee ALCO ), which meets quarterly. ALCO monitors the interest rate risk analyses, reviews investment transactions during the period and determines compliance with the Bank s Investment, ALCO and Liquidity policies. 
 Management analyzes the Bank s interest rate sensitivity position to manage the risk associated with interest rate movements through the use of interest income simulation and GAP analysis. The matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are interest sensitive. An asset or liability is said to be interest sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period. 
 Management s goal is to manage asset and liability positions to moderate the effects of interest rate fluctuations on net interest income. Interest income simulations are completed quarterly and presented to ALCO. The simulations provide an estimate of the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income under a range of assumptions. Changes to these assumptions can significantly affect the results of the simulations. The simulation incorporates assumptions regarding the potential timing in the repricing of certain assets and liabilities when market rates change and the changes in spreads between different market rates. 
 Simulation analysis is only an estimate of the Company s interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time. Management regularly reviews the potential effect changes in interest rates could have on the repayment of rate sensitive assets and funding requirements of rate sensitive liabilities. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The tables below set forth examples of changes in estimated net interest income and the estimated net portfolio value based on projected scenarios of interest rate increases and decreases. The analyses indicate the rate risk embedded in the Company s portfolio at the dates indicated should all interest rates instantaneously rise or fall. The results of these changes are added to or subtracted from the base case; however, there are certain limitations to these types of analyses. Rate changes are rarely instantaneous, and these analyses may therefore overstate the impact of short-term repricing. As a result of the historically low interest rate environment, the calculated effects of the 100 and 200 basis point downward shocks cannot absolutely reflect the risk to earnings and equity, since the interest rates on certain balance sheet items have approached their minimums. Therefore, it is not possible for the analyses to fully measure the true impact of these downward shocks. 
 (In thousands) Net Portfolio Value - Performance Summary As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Projected Interest Rate Scenario Estimated Value Change from Base ) Change from Base ) Estimated Value Change from Base ) Change from Base ) +200 146,888 (15,357) (9.47) 116,941 (15,137) (11.46) +100 157,368 (4,877) (3.01) 126,152 (5,926) (4.49) BASE 162,245 132,078 -100 163,472 1,227 0.76 135,803 3,725 2.82 -200 155,386 (6,859) (4.23) 134,277 2,199 1.66 
 Net Interest Income - Performance Summary December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Projected Interest Rate Scenario Estimated Value Change from Base ) Change from Base ) Estimated Value Change from Base ) Change from Base ) +200 46,131 (1,177) (2.49) 31,521 45 0.14 +100 46,938 (370) (0.78) 31,575 99 0.31 BASE 47,308 31,476 -100 47,657 349 0.74 31,587 111 0.35 -200 46,747 (561) (1.19) 31,548 72 0.23 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 Patriot s financial statements have been prepared in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on the Bank s performance than the effect of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. Notwithstanding this, inflation can directly affect the value of loan collateral, in particular, real estate. Inflation, or disinflation, could significantly affect Patriot s earnings in future periods. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The Financial Statements required by this item are presented in the order shown below: 
 - Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 - Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 - Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Qualitative Adjustments to the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan and lease losses (allowance) totaled 10.3 million as of December 31, 2022. The recorded allowance was established based on an allowance of 4.3 million related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment and on an allowance of 6.0 million relating to loans individually evaluated for impairment as of December 31, 2022. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 For loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment, the Company segregates loans into pools based on homogeneous risk characteristics. The non-specific allowance is established through historical loss experience of the loan pools over their respective loss emergence periods adjusted for qualitative factors. The qualitative factors are additional reserves applied to the segmented loan pools to reflect the inherent risk of loss that exists in the portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The Company has determined qualitative factors to include: 1) changes in lending policies and procedures including underwriting standards, collection, charge-off, and recovery practices not considered elsewhere in estimating credit losses; 2) changes in international, national, regional, and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the condition of various market segments; 3) changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio and in the terms of loans; 4) changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff; 5) changes in the volume and loss severity of past due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, and the volume and loss severity of adversely classified or graded loans; 6) changes in the quality of the Company s loan review system; 7) changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans; 8) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations; and 9) the effect of other external factors such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in its current loan portfolio. Evaluation of the allowance, in particular the qualitative factor adjustments, requires considerable judgment in order to adequately estimate and provide for the risk of loss inherent in the loan portfolio segments. 
 
 We identified the qualitative factor adjustments applied to the non-specific allowance as a critical audit matter due to the high degree of auditor judgment in order to evaluate the subjective assumptions made by management within the calculation. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factor adjustments applied to the non-specific allowance included the following: 
 
 - We tested the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in determining the qualitative factor adjustments by agreeing them to their appropriate internal or external sources. 
 
 - We evaluated the reasonableness of the directional consistency of changes in the qualitative factor adjustments as well as the overall magnitude of management s qualitative factor adjustments applied to each pool based on the data used by management. 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 8 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance totaled 1.1 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company performs a goodwill impairment test annually as of October 31, or whenever certain triggering events occur or there are circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount are identified. Management estimates the fair value of the reporting unit by considering multiple valuation techniques, which include subjective assumptions about the future cash flows of the Company, assumptions within the capitalization rate, valuation multiples, and market data used. 
 
 We identified the impairment assessment of goodwill as a critical audit matter due to the high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in order to evaluate the fair value of the reporting unit due to the judgments made by management in the estimation of the Company s reporting unit fair value, including those related to future cash flows, the capitalization rate, the valuation multiples used, and the market data incorporated into the estimate. In addition, the increased audit effort involved the use of internal professionals with specialized skill and knowledge in the field of business valuation. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Our audit procedures related to goodwill impairment assessment included the following for the impairment test performed for the year: 
 
 - We evaluated management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the reporting unit, including an assessment of the appropriateness of the valuation techniques used. 
 
 - We evaluated management s cash flow projections and significant assumptions incorporated into the business plan by considering the current and past performance by the Company, the Company s ability to meet financial projections, and the consistency of these assumptions with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 - We used the assistance of internal professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in the evaluation of significant assumptions used in the valuation methodology. This included: 
 
 Testing the fair value of the reporting unit through testing of the completeness and accuracy of the data used by management to develop the estimate. 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of the cash flow projection calculations used to develop the estimate. 
 Evaluating the capitalization rate, the valuation multiples used, and the market data incorporated into the estimate by assessing the reasonableness, comparability and appropriateness of the market-based information used by agreeing the components to independent source data. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 December 31, (In thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks: Noninterest bearing deposits and cash Interest bearing deposits Total cash and cash equivalents Investment securities: Available-for-sale securities, at fair value Other investments, at cost Total investment securities Federal Reserve Bank stock, at cost Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Loans receivable (net of allowance for loan and lease losses: 2022: and 2021: 
 Loans held for sale Accrued interest and dividends receivable Premises and equipment, net Deferred tax asset Goodwill Core deposit intangible, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank and correspondent bank borrowings Senior notes, net Subordinated debt, net Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated trust, net Note payable Advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders' equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; As of December 31, 2022: shares issued; shares outstanding; As of December 31, 2021: shares issued; shares outstanding; 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Interest and Dividend Income Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Dividends on investment securities Other interest income Total interest and dividend income Interest Expense Interest on deposits Interest on Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings Interest on senior debt Interest on subordinated debt Interest on note payable and other Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (credit) for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses Non-interest Income Loan application, inspection and processing fees Deposit fees and service charges Gains on sales of loans Rental income Gain on sale of investment securities Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest Expense Salaries and benefits Occupancy and equipment expense Data processing expense Professional and other outside services Project expenses, net Advertising and promotional expense Loan administration and processing expense Regulatory assessments Insurance expense, net Communications, stationary and supplies Other operating expense Total non-interest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income Unrealized holding loss on securities ) ) ) Income tax effect Reclassification for realized gain on sale of investment securities ) Income tax effect ) ) ) Derivative instruments: Unrealized holding gain on cash flow hedge Income tax effect ) Reclassification adjustment for net gain included in net income ) Income tax effect Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In thousands, except shares) Number of Shares Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) Unrealized holding loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income Unrealized holding loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Share-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income Unrealized holding loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization and accretion of investment premiums and discounts, net ) Amortization and accretion of purchase loan premiums and discounts, net Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of core deposit intangible Amortization of servicing assets of sold SBA loans Impairment of intangible assets Purchase price adjustment expense related to acquisition activity Provision (credit) for loan losses ) Depreciation and amortization Gain on sales of available-for-sale securities ) Gain on sale of premises and equipment ) Share-based compensation Decrease (increase) in deferred income taxes, net ) ) Originations of SBA loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of SBA loans held for sale Gains on sale of SBA loans held for sale, net ) ) ) Net (gain) loss on sale and write-down of other real estate owned ) Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in accrued interest and dividends receivable ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds from maturity or sales on available-for-sale securities Principal repayments on available-for-sale securities Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Redemptions (purchases) of Federal Reserve Bank stock ) Redemptions (purchases) of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Origination of loans receivable ) ) ) Purchases of loans receivable ) ) ) Payments received on loans receivable Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Increase (decrease) in deposits, net ) Increase in purchased deposits Repayments of FHLB borrowings ) ) Repayments of senior notes ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Principal repayments of note payable ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid (refund) for income taxes, net ) Non-cash transactions: Transfers of SBA loans held for sale to loans receivable Transfers of loans receivable to loans held for sale Capitalized servicing assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Accrued rent payable - adoption ASC 842 Interest rate swaps ) ) Deferred cost for capital raise ) Deferred debt issuance costs Increase in premises and equipment Reclassification of premises and equipment to implementation cost Increase in accrued expense and other liabilities ) ) Business Combination Non-Cash Disclosures: Decrease in escrow deposit related to acquisition activity ) Decrease in liabilities related to acquisition activity Decrease in contingent consideration related to acquisition activity 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Note 1. 
 branch offices in Connecticut and branch office in New York. The Bank's customers are concentrated in Fairfield and New Haven Counties in Connecticut and Westchester County in New York. 
 On March 11, 2003, the Company formed Patriot National Statutory Trust I (the Trust for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities and investing the proceeds in subordinated debentures issued by the Company, and on March 26, 2003, the first series of trust preferred securities were issued. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ), the Trust is not included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 On May 10, 2018, the Bank completed its acquisition of Prime Bank, a Connecticut bank headquartered in Orange, CT Prime Bank ). The closing of the transaction added a new Patriot branch located in the Town of Orange, New Haven County, Connecticut. The results of Prime Bank s operations are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and to disclose contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management has identified accounting for the allowance for loan and lease losses, the analysis and valuation of its investment securities, the valuation of deferred tax assets, the impairment of goodwill, the valuation of derivatives, and the valuation of servicing assets as certain of Patriot s more significant accounting policies and estimates, in that they are critical to the presentation of Patriot s financial condition and results of operations. As they concern matters that are inherently uncertain, these estimates require management to make subjective and complex judgments in the preparation of Patriot s consolidated financial statements. 
 Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 par value. The stocks are non-marketable equity securities, and as such, are considered restricted securities that are carried at cost, and evaluated for impairment in accordance with relevant accounting guidance. In accordance with this guidance, the stocks values are determined by the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines. The determination of whether the par value will ultimately be recovered is influenced by criteria such as: (a) the significance of any decline in net assets of the FHLB-B or FRB, as applicable, compared to its capital stock amount, and the length of time this situation has persisted; (b) commitments by either the FHLB-B or FRB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to their operating performance; (c) the potential impact of any legislative or regulatory changes; and (d) the regulatory capital ratios and liquidity position of the FHLB-B or FRB, as applicable. 
 Included in the Bank s investment portfolio are shares in the FHLB-B and FRB of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management has evaluated its investment in the capital stock of the FHLB-B and FRB for impairment, based on the aforementioned criteria, and has determined that as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there is impairment of its investment in either the FHLB-B or FRB. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s investment portfolio includes a million investment in the Solomon Hess SBA Loan Fund SBA Fund ). The Bank uses this investment to satisfy its Community Reinvestment Act lending requirements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the investment in the SBA Fund is reported in the consolidated balance sheets at cost, which management believes approximates fair value. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 distinct loan portfolio segments: Commercial Real Estate, Residential Real Estate, Commercial and Industrial, Consumer and Other, Construction, and Construction to Permanent Commercial Real Estate Construction to permanent CRE ). Management monitors a distinct set of risk characteristics for each loan segment. Additionally, management assesses and monitors risk and performance on a disaggregated basis, including an internal risk rating system for loans included in the Commercial loan segment and analyzing the type of collateral, lien position, and loan-to-value (i.e., LTV) ratio for loans included in the Consumer loan segment. 
 Management s ALLL process first applies historical loss rates to pools of loans with homogeneous risk characteristics. Loss rates are calculated by historical charge-off rates that have occurred within each pool of homogenous loans over its loss emergence period LEP ). The LEP is an estimate of the average amount of time from the point at which a loan loss is incurred to the point in time at which the loan loss is confirmed. In general, the LEP will be shorter in an economic slowdown or recession and longer during times of economic stability or growth, when adverse conditions are not generally applicable across a class of borrowers and individual customers are better able to manage deteriorating conditions. 
 Another key assumption is the look-back period LBP ), which represents the historical data period utilized to calculate loss rates. A three-year LBP is used for each loan segment, in order to capture relevant historical data believed to reflect losses inherent in the loan segment portfolios. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

52 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 . Gains and losses on dispositions are recognized upon realization. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and improvements are capitalized. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 period because that is managements estimate of the period Patriot will benefit from Prime Bank s deposit base comprised of funds associated with long-term customer relationships. CDI is evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable, with any changes in estimated useful life accounted for prospectively over the revised remaining life. 
 The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances indicate there may be impairment. The annual impairment test is conducted annually as of October 31, or whenever certain triggering events occur or there are circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount are identified. Management estimates the fair value of the reporting unit by considering multiple valuation techniques, which include subjective assumptions about the future cash flows of the Company, assumptions within the capitalization rate, valuation multiples, and market data used. The fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of such reporting unit in order to determine if impairment is indicated. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 valuation allowance was recorded. See Note 14 for more information on the deferred tax valuation allowance. 
 Management will continue to evaluate its ability to realize the net deferred tax asset. Future evidence may indicate that it is more likely than not that a portion of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized at which point the valuation allowance may need to be increased. 
 Patriot had a net deferred tax asset of million at December 31, 2022 as compared to a net deferred tax asset of million at December 31, 2021. 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act includes provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, deferment of the employer portion of certain payroll taxes, net operating loss carryback periods, and modifications to the net interest deduction limitations. The CARES Act did not have a material impact on the Company s income taxes or related disclosures. 
 record any uncertain tax position UTP ). Additionally, Patriot has no pending or on-going audits in any tax jurisdiction. 
 The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 period from the date of grant. All restricted stock awards are non- participating grants. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Accordingly, the Company recorded an employee retention credit of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was included as a reduction to salaries and benefits non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. employee retention credit was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

57 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million to million to the allowance for loan losses and a pre-tax adjustment in the range of million to million to reserve for unfunded commitments (which will be reflected in other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets), and a cumulative-effect adjustment to increase the opening balance of accumulated deficit of million to million. These impacts will be reflected in the Company's first quarter 2023 financial statements. 
 ASU Update 2020-02 
 In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This ASU adds and amends SEC paragraphs in the Accounting Standards Codification to reflect the issuance of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119, related to the new credit losses standard, and comments by the SEC staff related to the revised effective date of the new leases standard. This ASU is effective upon issuance. See the discussion regarding the adoption of ASU 2016-13 above. 
 ASU Update 2020-03 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-3, Codification Improvements to Financial Instruments. This ASU clarifies various financial instruments topics, including the CECL standard issued in 2016. Amendments related to ASU 2016-13 for entities that have not yet adopted that guidance are effective upon adoption of the amendments in ASU 2016-13. Early adoption is not permitted before an entity s adoption of ASU 2016-13. Other amendments are effective upon issuance of this ASU. See the discussion regarding the adoption of ASU 2016-13 above. 
 ASU 2022-02 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, "Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures" . ASU 2022-02 updates guidance in Topic 326, to eliminate the accounting guidance for TDRs by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancing and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and to require entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measured at Amortized Cost. ASU 2022-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. if an entity has adopted the amendments in Update 2016-03, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. See the discussion regarding the adoption of ASU 2016-13 above. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Note 2. 

Note 3. 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Subordinated notes ) SBA loan pools ) Municipal bonds ) ) December 31, 2021: U. S. Government agency and mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) Subordinated notes ) SBA loan pools ) Municipal bonds ) ) 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Subordinated notes ) ) SBA loan pools ) ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021: U. S. Government agency and mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Subordinated notes ) ) SBA loan pools ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, of and of available-for-sale securities had unrealized losses with an aggregate depreciation of and from amortized cost, respectively. 
 Management believes that none of the losses on available-for-sale securities noted above constitute OTTI. The noted losses are considered temporary due to market fluctuations in available interest rates on U.S. Government agency debt, mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies, subordinated notes, corporate debt, and municipal bonds. Management considers the issuers of the securities to be financially sound, the corporate bonds are investment grade, and the collectability of all contractual principal and interest payments is reasonably expected. SBA government guaranteed loan pools securities were purchased at a premium and the impairment was attributable primarily to increased prepayment speeds. The timely payment of principal and interest on these securities is guaranteed by the U.S. Government agency. The contractual terms of the subordinated notes do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments. Since Patriot is not more-likely-than-not to be required to sell the investments before recovery of the amortized cost basis and does not intend to sell the securities at a loss, of the available-for-sale securities noted are considered to be OTTI as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, available-for-sale securities of million and million were pledged primarily to secure municipal deposits and FHLB borrowing, respectively. The securities were pledged to the FRB and FHLB. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Subordinated notes SBA loan pools Municipal bonds Available-for-sale securities with stated maturity dates U. S. Government agency and mortgage-backed securities December 31, 2021: Corporate bonds Subordinated notes SBA loan pools Municipal bonds Available-for-sale securities with stated maturity dates U. S. Government agency and mortgage-backed securities 

61 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 4. 
 Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other Construction Construction to Permanent - CRE Loans receivable, gross Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Loans receivable, net 
 Patriot's lending activities are conducted principally in Fairfield and New Haven Counties in Connecticut and Westchester County in New York, and the five Boroughs of New York City. Patriot originates commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans, a variety of consumer loans, and construction loans, and has purchased residential loans since 2016. All commercial and residential real estate loans are collateralized primarily by first or second mortgages on real estate. The ability and willingness of borrowers to satisfy their loan obligations is dependent to some degree on the status of the regional economy as well as upon the regional real estate market. Accordingly, the ultimate collectability of a substantial portion of the loan portfolio and the recovery of a substantial portion of any resulting real estate acquired is susceptible to changes in market conditions. 
 Patriot has established credit policies applicable to each type of lending activity in which it engages and evaluates the creditworthiness of each borrower. Unless extenuating circumstances exist, Patriot limits the extension of credit on commercial real estate loans to of the market value of the underlying collateral. Patriot s loan origination policy for multi-family residential real estate is limited to of the market value of the underlying collateral. In the case of construction loans, the maximum loan-to-value is of the as completed appraised value of the real estate project. Management monitors the appraised value of collateral on an on-going basis and additional collateral is requested when warranted. Real estate is the primary form of collateral, although other forms of collateral do exist and may include such assets as accounts receivable, inventory, marketable securities, time deposits, and other business assets. 
 In May 2018, loans were acquired in connection with the Prime Bank merger. A subset of these loans was determined to have evidence of credit deterioration at the acquisition date, which was accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-30. The purchased credit impaired PCI loans presently maintain a carrying value of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The loans were evaluated for impairment through the periodic reforecasting of expected cash flows. 
 Income is recognized on PCI loans pursuant to ASC Topic 310-30. A portion of the fair value discount has been ascribed as an accretable yield that is accreted into interest income over the estimated remaining life of the loans. The remaining non-accretable difference represents cash flows not expected to be collected. 
 There were PCI loans transactions in 2022 and 2021.) Accretion Other changes, net Accretable discount, end of period 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 . The other changes represent primarily loans that were either fully paid-off or totally charged off. 
 Risk characteristics of the Company s portfolio classes include the following: 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 In underwriting commercial real estate loans, Patriot evaluates both the prospective borrower s ability to make timely payments on the loan and the value of the property securing the loans. Repayment of such loans may be negatively impacted should the borrower default, the value of the property collateralizing the loan substantially decline, or there are declines in general economic conditions. Where the owner occupies the property, Patriot also evaluates the business ability to repay the loan on a timely basis and may require personal guarantees, lease assignments, and/or the guarantee of the operating company. 
 During 2022, Patriot purchased million of commercial real estate loans. There were commercial real estate loans purchased during 2021. 
 Residential Real Estate Loans 
 In 2013, Patriot discontinued offering primary mortgages on personal residences. Repayment of residential real estate loans may be negatively impacted should the borrower have financial difficulties, should there be a significant decline in the value of the property securing the loan, or should there be declines in general economic conditions. 
 In 2022 and 2021, Patriot purchased and million of residential real estate loans, respectively. 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans 
 Patriot s commercial and industrial loan portfolio consists primarily of commercial business loans and lines of credit to businesses and professionals. These loans are generally for the financing of accounts receivable, purchases of inventory, purchases of new or used equipment, or for other short- or long-term working capital purposes. These loans are generally secured by business assets but are also occasionally offered on an unsecured basis. In granting these types of loans, Patriot considers the borrower s cash flow as the primary source of repayment, supported by the value of collateral, if any, and personal guarantees, as applicable. Repayment of commercial and industrial loans may be negatively impacted by adverse changes in economic conditions, ineffective management, claims on the borrower s assets by others that are superior to Patriot s claims, a loss of demand for the borrower s products or services, or the death or disability of the borrower or other key management personnel. 
 Patriot s syndicated and leveraged loan portfolios totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The syndicated and leveraged loans are included in the commercial and industrial loan classification and are primarily comprised of loan transactions led by major financial institutions and regional banks, which are the Agent Bank or Lead Arranger, and are referred to as syndicated loans or "Shared National Credits (SNC)". SNC loans were determined to be complementary to the Bank s existing commercial and industrial loan portfolio and product offerings. Further originations in this loan class are not expected. 
 Consumer and Other Loans 
 Patriot offers individual consumers various forms of credit including installment loans, credit cards, overdraft protection, auto loans, and reserve lines of credit. Repayments of such loans are generally dependent on the personal income of the borrower, which may be negatively impacted by adverse changes in economic conditions. The Company does not place a high emphasis on originating these types of loans. 
 The Company does not have any lending programs commonly referred to as subprime lending. Subprime lending generally targets borrowers with weakened credit histories that are typically characterized by payment delinquencies, previous charge-offs, judgments against the consumer, a history of bankruptcies, or borrowers with questionable repayment capacity as evidenced by low credit scores or high debt-burdened ratios. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million and million, respectively. Total outstanding from this program totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These loans carry higher rates of return than the Bank s commercial portfolio, with an overall yield of , and incurred net charge-offs of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. charge-off was recorded in 2021. Patriot purchased home equity line of credit loans HELOC of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. HELOC loan was purchases in 2021. 
 Construction Loans 
 Construction loans are of a short-term nature, generally of or less, that are secured by land and improvements intended for commercial, residential, or mixed-use development. Loan proceeds may be used for the acquisition of or improvements to the land under development and funds are generally disbursed as phases of construction are completed. 
 Included in this category are loans to construct single family homes where no contract of sale exists, based upon the experience and financial strength of the builder, the type and location of the property, and other factors. Construction loans tend to be personally guaranteed by the principal(s). Repayment of such loans may be negatively impacted by an inability to complete construction, a downturn in the market for new construction, by a significant increase in interest rates, or by decline in general economic conditions. 
 Construction to Permanent - Commercial Real Estate CRE 
 Loans in this category represent a one-time close of a construction facility with simultaneous conversion to an amortizing mortgage loan. Construction to Permanent loans combine a short-term period similar to a construction loan, generally with a variable rate, and a longer term CRE loan typically - years, resetting every to the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB rate. 
 Close of the permanent facility typically occurs when events dictate, such as receipt of a certificate of occupancy and property stabilization, which is defined as cash flow sufficient to support a pre-defined minimum debt coverage ratio and other conditions and covenants particular to the loan. Construction facilities are typically variable rate instruments that, upon conversion to an amortizing mortgage loan, reset to a fixed rate instrument that is the greater of the in-force variable rate plus a predetermined spread over a reference rate (e.g., prime) or a minimum interest rate. 
 SBA Loans 
 Patriot originates SBA 7(a) loans, on which the SBA has historically provided guarantees of of the principal balance. However, during the pandemic in 2021, the SBA temporarily increased the guarantees to and reverted to on October 1, 2021. The guaranteed portion of the Company s SBA loans is generally sold in the secondary market with the unguaranteed portion held in the portfolio as a loan held for investment. SBA loans are for the purpose of providing working capital, financing the purchase of equipment, inventory or commercial real estate and for other business purposes. Loans are guaranteed by the businesses' major owners. SBA loans are made based primarily on the historical and projected cash flow of the business and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided. SBA loans held for investment are included in the commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loan classifications, which totaled ) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program 
 The CARES Act created the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program. Under the Paycheck Protection Program, 669 billion was authorized for small business loans to pay payroll and group health costs, salaries and commissions, mortgage and rent payments, utilities, and interest on other debt. The loans are provided through participating financial institutions that process loan applications and service the loans. The Bank participated in the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program in 2021. 
 Paycheck Protection Program loans totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in the commercial and industrial loan classifications. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credits) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 As of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan and lease losses: December 31, 2020 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credits) ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 As of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for loan and lease losses: December 31, 2019 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credits) ) ) December 31, 2020 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total allowance for loan and lease losses Loans receivable, gross: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total loans receivable, gross 
 (In thousands) Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other Construction Construction to Permanent - CRE Unallocated Total December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan and lease losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total allowance for loan losses Loans receivable, gross: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total loans receivable, gross 
 Patriot monitors the credit quality of its loans receivable on an ongoing basis. Credit quality is monitored by reviewing certain indicators, including cash flow from business operations, loan to value ratios, debt service coverage ratios, and credit scores. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 days and days delinquent, respectively. Loans receivable that are part of the unsecured loan purchase program are charged-off in full when the loan is 90 days past due. 
 The allowance for loan losses may increase to reflect the decline in the performance of the loan portfolio and the higher level of incurred losses. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Special mention Substandard Residential Real Estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Commercial and Industrial: Pass Special mention Substandard Consumer and Other: Pass Substandard Construction: Pass Special mention Construction to Permanent -CRE: Pass Total Loans receivable, gross: Pass Special mention Substandard Loans receivable, gross 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Special mention Substandard Residential Real Estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Commercial and Industrial: Pass Special mention Substandard Consumer and Other: Pass Substandard Construction: Pass Construction to Permanent - CRE: Pass Total Loans receivable, gross: Pass Special mention Substandard Loans receivable, gross 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Residential Real Estate: Substandard Commercial and Industrial: Substandard Consumer and Other: Substandard Total non-accruing loans As of December 31, 2021: Loan portfolio segment: Commercial Real Estate: Substandard Residential Real Estate: Substandard Commercial and Industrial: Substandard Consumer and Other: Substandard Total non-accruing loans 
 If non-accrual loans had been performing in accordance with the original contractual terms, additional interest income (net of cash collected) of approximately , , and would have been recognized in income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Interest income collected and recognized on non-accruing loans for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due for payment unless the loan is well-secured and in process of collection. Consumer installment loans are typically charged off no later than days past due. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual status or charged-off, at an earlier date, if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Residential Real Estate Consumer and Other Total TDR Loans Less: TDRs included in non-accrual loans ) ) Total accrual TDR Loans 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans were modified as TDRs, and there were defaults of TDRs. 
 Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other Total TDR Loans 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Extension of interest only period Payment deferral Total 
 The loans modified in a TDR often involve reducing the interest rate for the remaining term of the loan, extending the maturity date at an interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, extending payment periods for the interest and /or principal, or substituting or adding a co-borrower or guarantor. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were commitments to advance additional funds under TDRs. The balances reflected here as TDR s are also included in the non-accruing loan balance included in the prior table - Loan Portfolio Aging Analysis. 
 
 Impaired Loans 
 Impaired loans may consist of non-accrual loans and/or performing and non-performing TDRs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, based on the on-going monitoring and analysis of the loan portfolio, impaired loans of million and million, respectively, were identified, for which million and million specific reserves were established, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, exposure to the impaired loans was related to borrowers. out of impaired loans were individually evaluated for impairment, and the remaining impaired loans with balances under , totaling , with a general reserve of were collectively evaluated, and not individually evaluated for impairment. 
 At December 31, 2021, exposure to the impaired loans was related to borrowers. out of impaired loans were individually evaluated for impairment, and the remaining impaired loans with balances under , totaling , with a general reserve of were collectively evaluated, and not individually evaluated for impairment. 
 For collateral dependent loans, appraisal reports of the underlying collateral, have been obtained from independent licensed appraisal firms. For non-performing loans, the independently determined appraised values were first reduced by a discount to reflect the Bank s experience selling Other Real Estate Owned (OREO) properties, and were further reduced by in selling costs, in order to estimate the potential loss, if any, that may eventually be realized. Performing loans are monitored to determine when, if at all, additional loan loss reserves may be required for a loss of underlying collateral value. For cash flow dependent loans, the Bank determined the reserve based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate. 
 Loans not requiring specific reserves had fair values exceeding the total recorded investment, supporting the net investment in the loan which includes principal balance, unamortized fees and costs and accrued interest, if any. Once a borrower is in default, Patriot is under no obligation to advance additional funds on unused commitments. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other With a related allowance recorded: Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other Impaired Loans, Total: Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other Impaired Loans, Total 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other With a related allowance recorded: Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other Impaired Loans, Total: Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Consumer and Other Impaired Loans, Total 

74 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 5. 
 million of SBA loans held for sale at December 31, 2022, consisting of million SBA commercial and industrial loans and million SBA commercial real estate loans. As of December 31, 2021, SBA loans held for sale totaled million, consisting of million of SBA commercial and industrial loans and SBA commercial real estate loans. During 2022 and 2021, and SBA loans previously classified as held for sale were transferred to held for investment, respectively. 
 In September 2020, commercial and industrial loan of million was reclassified from loans held for investment to loans held for sale. The loan was sold in October 2020 which resulted in proceeds of million. held of investment loan was reclassified to held of sale during 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company generally sells the guaranteed portion of its SBA loans to a third party and retains the servicing, holding the unguaranteed portion in its portfolio. When sales of SBA loans do occur, the premium received on the sale and the present value of future cash flows of the servicing assets, less the discount of the retained portion of the loan are recognized in income. 
 Servicing assets represent the estimated fair value of retained servicing rights, net of servicing costs, at the time loans are sold. Servicing assets are amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. Impairment will be evaluated based on stratifying the underlying financial assets by date of origination and term. Fair value is determined using prices for similar assets with similar characteristics, when available, or based upon discounted cash flows using market-based assumptions. Any impairment, if temporary, would be reported as a valuation allowance. 
 Serviced loans sold to others are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The total amount of such loans serviced, but owned by third party, amounted to approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the servicing asset has a carrying value of and , respectively, and fair value of million and respectively. Income and fees collected for loan servicing are credited to non-interest income when earned, net of amortization on the related servicing assets. 
 Servicing rights capitalized Servicing rights amortized ) ) ) Servicing rights disposed ) ) Ending balance 
 The servicing assets are included in the other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 6. 
 Buildings Leasehold Improvements Furniture, equipment, and software Construction-in-progress Premises and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 In 2021, the Bank sold a building located in the City New Haven, Connecticut for a cash proceed of million, and recognized a gain of , which is included in other income of the consolidated statements of operations. property was sold in 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, depreciation and amortization expense related to premises and equipment totaled million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 7. 
 OREO was recorded. 
 Additions Sold ) ) Write-downs ) Ending balance 
 All OREO were sold prior to December 31, 2021. Patriot recognized a gain of on the sale of OREO for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, Patriot recorded losses on sales of OREO properties of . The recognized gain and losses are included in the other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

76 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 8. 
 Balance, end of period 
 Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or whenever we identify certain triggering events or circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Events or circumstances that might indicate an interim evaluation is warranted include, among other things, unexpected adverse business conditions, macro and reporting unit specific economic factors, supply costs, unanticipated competitive activities, and acts by governments and courts. 
 Management estimates the fair value of the reporting unit by considering multiple valuation techniques, which include subjective assumptions about the future cash flows of the Company, assumptions within the capitalization rate, valuation multiples, and market data used. The fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of such reporting unit in order to determine if impairment is indicated. 
 The Company performed a quantitative assessment as of October 31, 2022, the Company s annual goodwill impairment measurement date, and concluded that the goodwill was t impaired as of December 31, 2022. 
 CDI was recorded as part of the Prime Bank business combination in May 2018. The CDI is amortized over a period using the straight-line method. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the amortization was , and , respectively. The Company performed a quantitative assessment for CDI as of October 31, 2022, and concluded that the CDI was not impaired as of December 31, 2022. The amortization expense and impairment charge were included in the other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Impairment ) ) Net carrying amount 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million for the full year ended December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Note 9. 
 Interest bearing: Negotiable order of withdrawal accounts Savings Money market Certificates of deposit, less than 250,000 Certificates of deposit, 250,000 or greater Brokered deposits Interest bearing, Total Total Deposits 
 On July 22, 2020, the Company completed the purchase of prepaid debit card deposits of million from a prominent national provider and processor of prepaid debit cards for corporate, consumer and government clients. The prepaid debit card deposits are included in the non-interest-bearing deposits and money market deposits, which totaled approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Savings Money market Certificates of deposit, less than 250,000 Certificates of deposit, 250,000 or greater Brokered deposits 
 More than 1 year through 2 years More than 2 years through 3 years More than 3 years through 4 years More than 4 years through 5 years 

79 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 10. 
 million and million, respectively. Borrowings consist primarily of FHLB advances, senior notes, subordinated notes, junior subordinated debentures and a note payable. 
 The senior notes, subordinated notes, junior subordinated debentures contain affirmative covenants that require the Company to: maintain its and its subsidiaries legal entity and tax status, pay its income tax obligations on a timely basis, and comply with SEC and FDIC reporting requirements. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 
 The Company is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ("FHLB-B"). Borrowings from the FHLB-B are limited to a percentage of the value of qualified collateral, as defined on the FHLB-B Statement of Products Policy. Qualified collateral, as defined, primarily consists of mortgage-backed securities and loans receivable that are required to be free and clear of liens and encumbrances, and may not be pledged for any other purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had million of available borrowing capacity from the FHLB-B. 
 FHLB-B advances are structured to facilitate the Bank s management of its balance sheet and liquidity requirements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding advances from the FHLB-B aggregated million and million, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, FHLB-B advances of million outstanding bore fixed rates of interest ranging from to with maturities ranging from days to years, and have a weighted average interest rate of . 
 At December 31, 2022, collateral for FHLB-B borrowings consisted of a mixture of real estate loans and securities with book value of million. Remaining borrowing capacity under this line totaled million at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, Patriot has a million revolving line of credit with the FHLB-B. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, funds had been borrowed under the line of credit. 
 Interest expense incurred for FHLB-B borrowing for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 Correspondent Bank - Lines of Credit 
 Patriot has entered into unsecured federal funds sweep and federal funds line of credit facility agreements with certain correspondent Banks. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, borrowings available under the agreements totaled million and million, respectively. The purpose of the agreements is to provide a credit facility intended to satisfy overnight federal account balance requirements and to provide for daily settlement of FRB, ACH, and other clearinghouse transactions. 
 There was outstanding balance under the agreements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. interest expense incurred in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Other Borrowing 
 In August 2020, Patriot was approved to pledge commercial and industrial loans and leases, commercial real estate, construction loans and one-to-four family first lien loans under the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s FRBNY Borrower-in-Custody program. As of December 31, 2022, Patriot had pledged eligible loans with a book value of million and a collateral value of million as collateral to support borrowing capacity at the FRBNY. There was outstanding balance under the agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Senior notes 
 On December 22, 2016, the Company issued million of senior notes 2016 Senior Notes bearing interest at per annum. On November 17, 2021, the original maturity date of the Senior Notes were extended from December 22, 2021 to June 30, 2022. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 to from July 1, 2022 until September 30, 2022 and (ii) from to thereafter. The Senior Notes were repaid in December 2022. 
 
 On December 21, 2022, the Company completed an issuance and sale of million in aggregate principal amount of fixed rate Senior Notes due January 15, 2026 2022 Senior Notes ). In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes, the Company incurred of costs, which are being amortized over the term of the 2022 Senior Notes to recognize a constant rate of interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, unamortized debt issuance cost of was deducted from the face amount of the Senior Notes included in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 The 2022 Senior Note Purchase Agreement contains certain customary representations, warranties, and covenants made by each of the Company and the Purchasers. The 2022 Senior Notes are not subject to any sinking fund and are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The 2022 Senior Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holders. Principal and interest on the 2022 Senior Notes are subject to acceleration only in limited circumstances. The 2022 Senior Notes are an unsecured, unsubordinated obligation and ranks equally in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future unsecured indebtedness, liabilities and other obligations that are not subordinated in right of payment to the Senior Note, and will be effectively subordinated to any of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. The 2022 Senior Notes are the obligations of the Company only and are not obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, any of the Company s affiliates. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense of , and , respectively, and the debt issuance cost amortization expense was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of interest has been included in the consolidated balance sheet in accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively. 
 Subordinated notes 
 On June 29, 2018, the Company entered into certain subordinated note purchase agreements with institutional accredited investors and completed a private placement of million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes with the maturity date of September 30, 2028 (the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 
 The Subordinated Notes initially bear interest at per annum, from and including June 29, 2018, to but excluding, June 30, 2023, payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including June 30, 2023, until but excluding June 30, 2028 or an early redemption date, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month LIBOR (but not less than zero) plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The Company may, at its option, beginning on June 30, 2023 and on any scheduled interest payment date thereafter, redeem the Subordinated Notes. Interest on the Subordinated Notes is payable beginning on December 30, 2018. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Subordinated Notes, the Company incurred of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized over the term of the Subordinated Notes to recognize a constant rate of interest expense. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of unamortized debt issuance costs have been deducted from the face amount of the Subordinated Notes included in the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense of , and , respectively. 
 Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated trust 
 In 2003, the Patriot National Statutory Trust I the Trust ), which has no independent assets and is wholly-owned by the Company, issued million of trust preferred securities. The proceeds, net of a placement fee, were invested in junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company, which invested the proceeds in the Bank. The Bank used the proceeds to fund its operations. 
 Trust preferred securities currently qualify for up to of the Company s Tier I Capital, with the excess qualifying as Tier 2 Capital. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 at December 31, 2022) and mature on March 26, 2033, at which time the principal amount borrowed will be due. Beginning in the second quarter of 2009, the Company opted to defer payment of quarterly interest on the junior subordinated debentures for consecutive quarters. In June of 2014, the Company brought the debt current by paying approximately million of interest in arrears to the holders of the junior subordinated debentures. On bringing the debt current and, as permitted under the terms of the junior subordinated debentures, the Company again opted to defer payment of quarterly interest through September 2016, when a million payment was made to bring the debt current. 
 The placement fee of is amortized and included as a component of the periodic interest expense on the junior subordinated debentures, in order to produce a constant rate of interest expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and of debt placement fee amortization has been included in interest expense recognized of , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized placement fee deducted from the face amount of the junior subordinated debt owed to the unconsolidated trust amounted to and , respectively, and accrued interest on the junior subordinated debentures was and , respectively. 
 At its option, exercisable on a quarterly basis, the Company may redeem the junior subordinated debentures from the Trust, which would then redeem the trust preferred securities. 
 Note Payable 
 In September 2015, the Bank purchased the property in which its Fairfield, Connecticut branch is located for approximately million, a property it had been leasing until that date. The purchase price was primarily satisfied by issuing the seller a million, , promissory note bearing interest at a fixed rate of per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note had a balance outstanding of and , respectively. The note matures in August 2024 and requires a balloon payment of approximately . The note is secured by a first Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement on the purchased property. Interest expenses incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total contractual maturities of borrowings Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) ) ) Balance of borrowings as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 11. 
 interest rate swaps swaps in November 2018 and May 2019. swaps are with a loan customer to provide a facility to mitigate the fluctuations in the variable rate on the respective loan. The other swaps are with an outside third party. The customer interest rate swaps are matched in offsetting terms to the third party interest rate swaps, such that Patriot minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. Because the interest rate swaps associated with the program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and the offsetting swaps are recognized directly in earnings. The changes in the fair value of the swaps offset each other, except for the credit risk of the counterparties, which is determined by taking into consideration the risk rating, probability of default and loss given default for all counterparties. The swaps are reported at fair value in other assets or other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Patriot had cash pledged for collateral on its interest rate swaps of and million, respectively. This collateral is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Patriot did recognize any net gain or loss in other non-interest income on the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million portion of that pool of loans into fixed rates with the swap. The Bank received fixed and paid floating rate based on 1 month LIBOR for a rolling period beginning April 29, 2021. A hedging instrument is expected at inception to be highly effective at offsetting changes in the hedged transactions attributable to the changes in the hedged risk. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. 
 In August 2021, the cash flow hedge interest rate swap contract was terminated. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of accumulated other comprehensive income that was reclassified into interest income. The swap interest income is included in interest and fees on loans on the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, a gain of was recognized from the termination of the interest rate swap cash flow hedge for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was included in other income on the consolidated statements of operations. In 2022, interest income was recognized. 
 The Company assesses the effectiveness of each hedging relationship by comparing the changes in cash flows of the derivative hedging instrument with the changes in cash flows of the designated hedged item or transaction. The Company does not offset derivative assets and derivative liabilities for financial statement presentation purposes. 
 Further discussion of the accounting policy of derivatives is set forth in Note 1, and information about the valuation methods used to measure the fair value of derivatives is provided in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 Customer interest rate swap 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 Classified in Other Liabilities: 3rd party interest rate swap 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 ) 3rd party interest rate swap 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 ) December 31, 2021 Classified in Other Assets: Customer interest rate swap 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 Customer interest rate swap 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 Classified in Other Liabilities: 3rd party interest rate swap 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 ) 3rd party interest rate swap 1 Mo. LIBOR + 
 ) 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Other comprehensive income 
 The above unrealized gains and losses are reflective of market interest rates as of the respective balance sheet dates. Generally, lower long-term interest rates will result in a positive impact to comprehensive income whereas higher long-term interest rates will result in a negative impact to comprehensive income. 
 
 Note 12. 
 non-cancelable operating leases, including Bank branch locations and for administrative and operational space, locations for an Interactive Teller Machine ITM and an automated teller machine ATM ), and equipment lease. The leases expire on various dates through 2032 and some include renewal options. Most of the leases contain rent escalation provisions, as well as renewal options for one or more periods. The last potential year the leases can be extended through 2037. All of our leases are classified as operating leases, and therefore, were previously not recognized on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. With the adoption of Topic 842, operating lease agreements are required to be recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as a right-of-use ROU asset and a corresponding lease liability. Renew periods were included in the future cash flows for purposes of calculating the ROU and lease liability. The Company has finance leases (previously referred to as a capital lease). 
 ROU lease assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease obligations represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating ROU lease assets and obligations are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized ROU assets of million and million, respectively, and lease liabilities of million and million, respectively. ROU lease assets are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The lease liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases having a term of twelve months or less. The Company recognizes short-term leases on a straight-line basis and does not record a related lease asset or liability for such leases, as allowed as practical expedient of the standard. The Company elected to separate lease and non-lease components. The fixed lease costs are recognized as ROU lease assets and Lease liability. The variable lease cost primarily represents variable payments such as common area maintenance and utilities, which are included in the occupancy and equipment expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the fixed lease costs and variable lease costs for the non-cancelable operating leases were and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the fixed lease costs and variable lease costs for the non-cancelable operating leases were and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the fixed lease costs and variable lease costs for the non-cancelable operating leases were and , respectively. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost Other information Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted -average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) Weighted -average discount rate - operating leases 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the undiscounted lease payments were million and million, respectively. The lease payments were not reduced by minimum sublease rentals of and due in the future under non-cancelable subleases, respectively. 
 Rent expense for operating leases is recognized in earnings on a straight-line basis over the base term of the respective lease and is included in the consolidated statement of operations as a component of Occupancy and Equipment expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total rent expense for cancellable and non-cancellable operating leases was , , and , respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Patriot recognized gross rental income of , , and offset by rental costs of , , and , respectively. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 13. 
 Executive Vice Presidents that provides for severance equal to 12 months of current salary, if the Executive officer is terminated within 12 months of a change of control of Patriot. 
 Legal Matters 
 Patriot does not have any pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation, incidental to its business, to which Patriot is a party or any of its property is subject. Management is of the opinion that the ultimate disposition of these routine legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity of Patriot. 
 
 Note 14. 
 ) State ) Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 ) State taxes, net of Federal benefit ) Project expenses for merger and acquisition ) Deferred tax valuation allowance ) Reversal UTP on Federal DTA ) Nondeductible expenses ) ) Other ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 , ) , and , respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022 was decreased by the reversal of project expenses. The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2021 was primarily due to the full reversal of million deferred tax asset valuation allowance recorded at December 31, 2020. There were no significant changes to the effective tax rate in 2020. 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 NOL write-off for Sec 382 Limit ) ) Capitalized cost temporary item State NOL carryforward benefit Allowance for loan loss Lease liabilities Non-accrual interest Merger and acquisition Accrued expenses Unrealized loss AFS securities Goodwill and intangible Depreciation of premises and equipment Share based compensation Other Gross deferred tax assets Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets ) ) Prepaid Expenses ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 As of December 31, 2022, Patriot had available approximately million of Federal net operating loss carryforwards NOL that is offset by million in 382 limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. Of the NOL of million, approximately million will expire between 2030 and 2033 and million do not expire. 
 Patriot has approximately million of NOLs available for Connecticut tax purposes at December 31, 2022, which may be used to offset up to of taxable income in any year. The NOLs will expire between 2030 and 2040. 
 Valuation Allowance against net Deferred Tax Assets 
 Patriot uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million recorded at December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, no valuation allowance was recorded. Patriot will review the valuation allowance quarterly to determine if an adjustment, to either increase or decrease, the allowance is required. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 
 Patriot recognizes a benefit from its tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank did record any uncertain tax position related to the utilization of certain federal net operating losses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Patriot no longer has a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. Additionally, Patriot has no pending or on-going audits in any tax jurisdiction. 
 Increases due to tax positions related to a prior year Decreases to tax positions as a result of a lapse of statute ) Balance, end of year 
 The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 
 Patriot s returns for tax years 2019 through 2022 are subject to examination by the IRS for U.S. Federal tax purposes and, for State tax purposes, by the Department of Revenue Services for the State of Connecticut and the State of New York Department of Taxation and Finance. 

89 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 15. 
 shares to shares; and (ii) limit the maximum number of shares of Company s Common Stock granted during a single fiscal year to any non-employee director, together with any cash fees paid to such director, to be no more than a total value of . As of December 31, 2022, shares of stock are available for issuance under the Plan. In accordance with the terms of the Plan, the vesting of RSAs may be accelerated at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee sets the terms and conditions applicable to the vesting of RSAs. RSAs granted to directors and employees generally vest in quarterly or annual installments over a three , four or period from the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense for all director and employee share-based compensation awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is equal to the vesting schedule of each award, for each vesting portion of an award equal to its grant date fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense of , , and , respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, share-based compensation attributable to employees of Patriot amounted to , , and , respectively. 
 The share-based compensation expense attributable to Patriot s external Directors for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. For each of those years, the Directors received total compensation of , , and , respectively, which amounts are included in Other Operating Expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 , which amount is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining life of the awards of years. 
 
 Note 16 . 
 shares of common stock to Holdings at per share, for an aggregate issuance value of million. The shares issued to Holdings represented of the Company s then issued and outstanding common stock. In connection with the equity interest obtained by Holdings, Michael Carrazza became Patriot s Chairman of the Board and nominees of Holdings replaced certain directors and officers who resigned. Additionally, the Company reduced the par value of its common stock from to per share, increased the number of its authorized common shares to . 
 Pursuant to its Operating Agreement, on March 31, 2021, Holdings completed a pro-rata in-kind distribution of shares of restricted common stock of Patriot. Following these distributions, Holdings no longer owns any shares of Patriot. 
 Dividends 
 The Company did pay any dividends for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and has suspended dividend payments. 
 Earnings per Share 
 The Company is required to present basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share in its consolidated statements of operations. Basic earnings per share amounts are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflects additional common shares that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive common shares had been issued, as well as any adjustment to income that would result from the assumed issuance. Potential common shares that may be issued by the Company relate to the outstanding unvested RSAs granted to directors and employees. The dilutive effect resulting from these potential shares is determined using the treasury stock method. The Company is also required to provide a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the computation of both basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 ) Divided by: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings (loss) per common share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Net income (loss) attributable to Common shareholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding Effect of potentially dilutive restricted common shares (1) Divided by: Weighted average diluted shares outstanding Diluted earnings (loss) per common share ) 
 (1) The weighted average diluted shares outstanding does not include anti-dilutive restricted common shares for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Note 17. 
 of service, are years of age and who elect to participate. Under the terms of the 401(k) Plan, participants can contribute up to the maximum amount allowed, subject to Federal limitations. At its discretion, Patriot may match eligible participating employee contributions at the rate of of the first of the participants salary contributed to the 401(k) Plan. Eligibility for matching contributions is dependent on an employee s completing consecutive month(s) of service or hours of employment. Participants immediately vest in Patriot s matching contributions, if applicable. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, Patriot made matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan of , , and , respectively. 

92 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 18. 
 Undisbursed construction loans Home equity lines of credit Future loan commitments Financial standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee by the borrower. Since these commitments could expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon extending credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies, but may include commercial property, residential property, deposits, and securities. The Bank has established a reserve for credit loss of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Standby letters of credit are written commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Guarantees that are not derivative contracts are recorded at fair value and included in the consolidated balance sheet. 

93 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 19. 
 and , respectively, which satisfied the greater than 9 percent leverage ratio requirement under the CBLR framework. Management continuously assesses the adequacy of the Bank s capital in order to maintain its well capitalized status. 
 To be Well Capitalized (1) (1) 
 (1) Leverage Capital Ratio greater than 9 is considered well-capitalized under the CBLR Framework. 
 Designation as "Well Capitalized" does not apply to bank holding companies - the Company. Such categorization of capital adequacy only applies to insured depository institutions - the Bank. 
 
 Note 20. 
 equity ownership. related party loans were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deposits from related parties aggregated and , respectively. 

94 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 21. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 par value. The stocks are non-marketable equity securities, and as such, are considered restricted securities that are carried at cost. 
 Loans 
 The fair value of loans are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. We estimate the fair value of our loan portfolio using an exit price notion. The exit price notion requires determination of the price at which willing market participants would transact at the measurement date under current market conditions depending on facts and circumstances, such as origination rates, credit risk, transaction costs, liquidity, national and regional market trends and other adjustments, utilizing publicly available rates and indices. The application of an exit price notion requires the use of significant judgment. 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 The fair value of loans held for sale is estimated by using a market approach that includes prices for loans sold awaiting settlement and other observable inputs. The Company has determined that the inputs used to value the loans held for sale fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 SBA Servicing Asset 
 Servicing assets do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. The Company estimates the fair value of servicing assets using discounted cash flow models incorporating numerous assumptions from the perspective of a market participant including market discount rates and prepayment speeds. Due to the significant unobservable input related to the servicing rights, the SBA servicing asset is classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 Derivative asset (liability) - Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company s derivative assets and liabilities consist of transactions as part of management s strategy to manage interest rate risk. The valuation of interest rate swap agreements does not contain any counterparty risk. The valuation of the Company s interest rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity and interest rate curves. The Company has determined that the inputs used to value its interest rate derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. See Notes 1 and 11 for additional disclosures on derivatives. 
 Deposits 
 The fair value of demand deposits, regular savings and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. 
 The fair value of certificates of deposit and other time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities, estimated using local market data, to a schedule of aggregated expected maturities on such deposits. Patriot does not record deposits at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 97 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Interest-bearing deposits due from banks Level 1 Available-for-sale securities Level 2 Available-for-sale securities Level 3 Other investments Level 2 Federal Reserve Bank stock Level 2 Federal Home Loan Bank stock Level 2 Loans receivable, net Level 3 Loans held for sale Level 2 SBA servicing assets Level 3 Accrued interest receivable Level 2 Interest rate swap receivable Level 2 Financial assets, total Financial Liabilities: Demand deposits Level 2 Savings deposits Level 2 Money market deposits Level 2 Negotiable order of withdrawal accounts Level 2 Time deposits Level 2 Brokered deposits Level 1 FHLB borrowings Level 2 Senior notes Level 2 Subordinated debt Level 2 Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated trust Level 2 Note payable Level 3 Accrued interest payable Level 2 Interest rate swap liability Level 2 Financial liabilities, total 
 The carrying amount of cash and non-interest-bearing balances due from banks, interest-bearing deposits due from banks, and demand deposits approximates fair value, due to the short-term nature and high turnover of these balances. These amounts are included in the table above for informational purposes. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Corporate bonds Subordinated notes SBA loan pools Municipal bonds Available-for-sale securities Interest rate swap receivable Interest rate swap liability December 31, 2021: U. S. Government agency and mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Subordinated notes SBA loan pools Municipal bonds Available-for-sale securities Interest rate swap receivable Interest rate swap liability 
 Patriot measures certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring basis. When circumstances dictate (e.g., impairment of long-lived assets, other than temporary impairment of collateral value), the carrying values of such financial assets and financial liabilities are adjusted to fair value or fair value less costs to sell, as may be appropriate. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 corporate bonds purchased in 2021, were classified as Level 3 instruments. The fair values of these securities were determined using a present value approach. The discount rate assumed was determined based on unobservable inputs in a pricing model. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no transfers into or out of Levels 1, 2 or 3. 
 Purchases Realized gain (loss) Unrealized loss ) ) Transfers in and /or out of Level 3 Level 3 fair value, end of year 
 Real Estate Appraisals Discount for appraisal type - SBA servicing assets Discounted Cash Flows Market discount rates - December 31, 2021: Impaired loans, net Real Estate Appraisals Discount for appraisal type - SBA servicing assets Discounted Cash Flows Market discount rates - 
 Patriot discloses fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the consolidated balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. Certain financial instruments are excluded from disclosure requirements and, accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not necessarily represent the complete underlying value of financial instruments included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and have not been reevaluated or updated for purposes of these consolidated financial statements subsequent to those respective dates. As such, the estimated fair values of the financial instruments measured may be different than if they had been subsequently valued. 
 The information presented should not be interpreted as an estimate of the total fair value of Patriot s assets and liabilities, since only a portion of Patriot s assets and liabilities are required to be measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. Due to the wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between Patriot s fair value disclosures and those of other bank holding companies may not be meaningful. 

100 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 22. 
 Investment in subsidiary Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Borrowings Accrued expenses and other liabilities Shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 Interest on senior debt Total interest expense Other expenses Loss before benefit for income taxes Benefit for income taxes ) ) ) Loss before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiary ) Net income (loss) ) Equity in subsidiary other comprehensive loss, net of subsidiary ) ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiary ) ) Dividends received from Patriot Bank, N.A. Share-based compensation expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Change in assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in other assets ) Decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Net (increase) decrease in investment in Patriot Bank N.A. ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Repayments of senior notes ) Net cash used in financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Activity: Deferred debt issuance costs 

102 

Table of Contents 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 23. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Patriot maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information that is required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and accumulated and communicated to management in a timely fashion. 
 Patriot s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, Patriot s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, Patriot s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e), were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Patriot s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as defined in rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act. Patriot s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Patriot s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and deployment of its assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded in a timely manner to enable the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP; receipts and disbursements are made only in compliance with the authorizations established by management and policies instituted by its Board of Directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and/or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on management s assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 In accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, management s report on the design and effectiveness of Patriot s system of internal controls over financial reporting is not subject to attestation by Patriot s independent registered public accounting firm. The SEC rules and regulations applicable to Patriot only require a report by management. Accordingly, this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 does not include an opinion by Patriot s independent registered public accounting firm regarding management s system of internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

104 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Board of Directors 
 The following sets forth information regarding our directors as of March 29, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, each person holds the same position(s) of both the Company and Patriot Bank. 
 Name Age Current Position with Patriot Michael A. Carrazza 57 Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank Robert G. Russell, Jr. 57 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank Edward N. Constantino 77 Director Emile Van den Bol 59 Director Michael J. Weinbaum 57 Director 
 Michael A. Carrazza Mr. Carrazza has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2010 and served as interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company from August 2016 to July 2020. Mr. Carrazza is also CEO of Solaia Capital Advisors, an investment management firm engaged in making private equity and credit investments. In 2012, Mr. Carrazza led the spin-out of the Bank of Ireland s U.S. Asset-Based Lending Group, presently known as Siena Lending Group, and served as its Chairman through 2019. Previously, Mr. Carrazza was co-founder of Bard Capital Group where he sponsored several transactions in the industrial sector. He has structured and financed the leveraged buyout of International Surface Preparation Group, Inc. from U.S. Filter/Vivendi and subsequently worked alongside its Chairman, managing the company s turnaround, financings, and subsequent sale. Mr. Carrazza also led the financing and restructuring of Mitchell Madison Group and served on the firm s Executive Team, where he assisted in the firm s global expansion and managed its sale to US Web/CKS. Mr. Carrazza began his career at Goldman, Sachs Co. Mr. Carrazza earned his MBA in Finance from The Stern School of Business at New York University and his B.S. in Electrical Engineering from The Pennsylvania State University. Mr. Carrazza is qualified to be a director as he has an extensive background in the financial services industry, has served as Patriot s Chairman since 2011 and served as Interim CEO from 2016 to 2020. 
 Robert G. Russell, Jr. Mr. Russell was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank in July 2020 and Director in September 2020. Mr. Russell has more than 30 years of community banking experience. Prior to joining the Company and the Bank, Mr. Russell served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Millington Bank of Morris and Somerset Counties of New Jersey from 2015 to 2020. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NJM Bank from 2013 to 2014, and before that, as its Chief Financial and Investment Officer from 2003 to 2013. Mr. Russell has led both institutions to achieve significant growth and increases in profitability. During the period of 1990 to 2003, Mr. Russell has also spent part of his career as an Internal Auditor and as a Controller for banking institutions of various asset sizes throughout the state of New Jersey. Mr. Russell earned his bachelor s degree from Montclair State University and a is a graduate of the Graduate School of Banking at Colorado. Mr. Russell is qualified to be a director as he has over 30 years of banking experience, including Chief Executive and Chief Operating Officer roles and serves as President and CEO of Patriot Bank. 
 On March 23, 2023, Mr. Russell tendered his resignation as Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank, to be effective as of April 21, 2023. 
 Edward N. Constantino Mr. Constantino has been a director of the Company since October 2010 and the Lead Independent Director since October 2018. He has over 40 years of audit, advisory and tax experience working for two major accounting firms, Arthur Anderson LLP and KPMG LLP. Mr. Constantino retired from KPMG in late 2009, where he was an Audit Partner in charge of the Firm s real estate and asset management businesses. Mr. Constantino is a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Special Committee of ARC Property Trust and a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of VineBrook Trust and NexPoint Residential Trust. He also is the Chairman of the Real Estate and Facilities Committee and member of the Investment Committee at St. Francis College. Mr. Constantino also serves as a consultant for the law firm of Skadden Arps. Mr. Constantino s specific skills include auditing national and multinational organizations, internal control and compliance, financial reporting, regulatory reporting, risk management, asset valuation, accounting and finance and transaction structuring. He is a licensed CPA, a Member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a Member of the New York State Society of Public Accountants. Mr. Constantino received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from St. Francis University. Mr. Constantino is qualified to be a director as he has extensive audit, advisory and tax experience as an Audit Partner with KPMG. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Emile Van den Bol Mr. Van den Bol has been a director of the Company since October 2010. Mr. Van den Bol is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Brooklawn Capital, LLC. Brooklawn Capital is an investment management company which advises and invests in and finances real estate, securities and operating companies. Mr. Van den Bol retired in 2010 as Managing Director of the Commercial Real Estate Group of Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mr. Van den Bol joined Deutsche Bank in 2001 as Managing Director and held several executive positions in the Commercial Real Estate Group including Global Co-Head Structured Finance, Global Head Commercial Real Estate CDO Group and Member of the Global Commercial Real Estate Executive Committee. Mr. Van den Bol was from 2005 to 2009 a Governor of the Board of the Commercial Mortgage Securities Association. From 1996 to 2001 Mr. Van den Bol was employed by Lehman Brothers where he held a number of positions including Head of Esoteric Principal Finance Group and Co-Head of Lehman Brothers Franchise Conduit. Mr. Van den Bol was a member of Morgan Stanley s Structured Finance Group from 1991 to 1996. Mr. Van den Bol received a Juris Doctor degree from University of Amsterdam and an MBA degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Van den Bol is qualified to be a director as he has extensive financial services and investment banking experience and is a financial expert. 
 Michael J. Weinbaum Mr. Weinbaum has been a director of the Company since October 2010. He has been the Vice President of Real Estate Operations for United Capital Corp. for more than twenty years. Mr. Weinbaum has extensive experience in real estate operations and transactions. He is a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and has been a member of United Capital s Board of Directors since 2005. Mr. Weinbaum currently serves on the Finance Board and Board of Trustees for St. Mary s Healthcare for Children. Mr. Weinbaum received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Management from Franklin Pierce University. Mr. Weinbaum is qualified to be a director as he has extensive commercial real estate investment experience. 
 Board Committees 
 The members of our Board of Directors devote time and talent to certain standing committees. Among these committees are the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Executive Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Asset and Liability Committee, Loan Committee, and Risk Committee. The current members of each committee are set forth below. 
 Audit Committee : Messrs. Constantino (Chairman), Van den Bol and Weinbaum, each of whom is an independent director as defined by the SEC and NASDAQ rules. 
 Compensation Committee : Messrs. Constantino (Chairman), Van den Bol and Weinbaum, each of whom is an independent director as defined by NASDAQ rules. 
 Executive Committee : Messrs. Carrazza (Chairman), Russell, Constantino and Van den Bol. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee : Messrs. Van den Bol (Chairman), Constantino and Weinbaum, each of whom is an independent director as defined by NASDAQ rules. 
 Asset and Liability Committee : Messrs. Russell (Chairman), Constantino, Van den Bol and Weinbaum. 
 Loan Committee : Messrs. Van den Bol (Chairman), Constantino and Russell. 
 Risk Committee: Messrs. Russell (Chairman), Van den Bol and Constantino. 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 The Board has determined that Messrs. Constantino and Van den Bol have the professional experience necessary to qualify as audit committee financial experts under SEC rules. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers 
 The following sets forth information regarding our executive officers who do not serve as directors as of March 29, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, each person holds the same position(s) of both the Company and Patriot Bank. 
 Name Age Current Position with Patriot Joseph D. Perillo 67 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Frederick K. Staudmyer 67 Secretary and Chief Human Resources Officer; Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Patriot Bank Judith P. Corprew 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Risk Officer of Patriot Bank Thomas E. Slater 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of Patriot Bank Steven Grunblatt 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Office of Patriot Bank David Lowery 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of Patriot Bank Alfred Botta 50 Executive Vice President and Chief Payments Officer of Patriot Bank 
 Joseph D. Perillo Mr. Perillo has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Patriot Bank since May 2017. He served as a senior executive consultant for several months beginning in January 2017, tasked with assessing the finance department s processes and improving operations and internal controls. Mr. Perillo is a recognized finance industry leader with over two decades of experience in the banking industry, having served as Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Financial Officer for iQor Inc., a 1.5 billion global leader in business process outsourcing. He began in public accounting with KPMG and then spent over 20 years in banking with Citibank, NatWest and as Senior Vice President Controller for GreenPoint Financial, then one of the 50 largest banking companies in the U.S. Mr. Perillo earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting from St. John s University and is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 Frederick K. Staudmyer Mr. Staudmyer has served as the Company s Secretary and Chief Human Resources Officer since November 2014. He is also the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Patriot Bank, N.A., overseeing human resources, retail, and business banking, corporate governance, property development and facilities management. Mr. Staudmyer previously served as Assistant Dean at Cornell University s Johnson Graduate School of Management. Bringing more than 30 years of human resources, general management, and corporate leadership experience, he has served at leading financial institutions where he directed talent acquisition and development, including this role at Chase Manhattan Bank, now JPMorgan Chase. He previously served as Chief Human Resources Officer for Ziff Communications and Ziff Davis Publishing. He also co-founded and served as President and COO at a national legal services and staffing company for over seven years. Mr. Staudmyer earned his MBA from the Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell and his Bachelor of Science at Cornell s School of Industrial Labor Relations. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Human Services Council of Connecticut. He has served on the board of directors of the MBA Career Services Council and as an Advisory Council Member of Cornell University s Entrepreneurial and Personal Enterprise Program. 
 Judith P. Corprew Ms. Corprew has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Risk Officer of Patriot Bank since March 2015, ensuring compliance with local, state and federal regulations, and risk management. She serves on the management committees for: Regulatory Compliance, Enterprise Risk, Steering and CRA. She holds a Certified Regulator Compliance Manager certification, a highly regarded recognition by the American Bankers Association. With three decades of credit and risk management experience, she has held leadership positions at community-focused financial institutions and mortgage companies throughout the Tri-State area. Early in her banking career, Ms. Corprew was awarded honors for establishing a profitable mortgage center. A staunch advocate for teaching financial literacy skills, Ms. Corprew has led educational seminars and events at local schools, clubs and community organizations. She has also held workshops on first-time home buying, credit and budgeting. She has served as a member of the United Way Stamford Financial Stability Collaborative, and has served as a financial coach for the United Way. She is a member of the Bank Compliance Association of Connecticut, and the Institute of Certified Bankers and Regulatory Compliance Group of Fairfield County. She is also a board member of Housatonic Community College Foundation, serving as Vice President, a board member of Future Five and a member of The Helpers Club Scholarship Foundation of Stamford. Ms. Corprew earned her bachelor s degree from Rutgers University and a master s degree in finance from Post University in Waterbury, CT. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Thomas E. Slater Mr. Slater joined Patriot Bank in December 2022 as Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. Mr. Slater joins the Bank with over 25 years of experience in commercial banking industry. Mr. Slater also has extensive experience in commercial real estate, as well as commercial and industrial lending. Since April 2017, Mr. Slater has been serving as Senior Vice President and Senior Credit Officer at Investors Bank. From May 2004 to April 2017, Mr. Slater served multiple positions in TD Bank, including as Assistant Vice President, Credit Department Manager, Vice President, Credit Policy Administrator, Credit Officer, and Commercial Credit Manager. From August1996 to May 2004, Mr. Slater worked in PNC Bank in various roles, including Portfolio Analyst, Portfolio Manager, Relationship Manager, and Middle Market Underwriter. From March 1995 to August 1996, Mr. Slater worked as a Loan Review Officer in Trust Company Bank. Before entering the commercial banking industry, Mr. Slater began his career as an Associate National Bank Examiner in the Office of the Controller of the Currency, where he worked from July 1990 to March 1995. Mr. Slater holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Rutgers University. 
 Steven Grunblatt Mr. Grunblatt joined Patriot Bank in 2014 as Senior Vice President, Director of Technology and became Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer in April 2021. He has over twenty-five years of experience in various facets of information technology, including management and oversight of all aspects of vendor management, infrastructure and technology implementation. Mr. Grunblatt graduated from the Wharton School of Business in Pennsylvania with a bachelor s degree in Economics. 
 David Lowery Mr. Lowery joined Patriot Bank in April of 2021 as Head of Lending and became Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer in September 2021. Mr. Lowery is leading Patriot Bank s SBA division, Commercial Real Estate, C I and Consumer Lending areas. Prior to joining Patriot, Mr. Lowery has served in various senior capacities with several institutions including Iberia Bank, Metropolitan and M T Bank. He has built highly successful lending businesses in the New York metropolitan area. Mr. Lowery earned his MBA from Loyola University in Maryland where he also received his undergraduate degree in Economics. 
 In connection with Robert G. Russell, Jr. s resignation as Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank, Mr. Lowery has been appointed by the Board of Directors as replacement of Mr. Russell as Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank, to be effective as of April 21, 2023. 
 Alfred Botta Mr. Botta joined the Bank in 2018 as Senior Vice President, Director of Payments and became Executive Vice President and Chief Payment Officer of the Bank in September 2022. He has over twenty years of experience in the payments and prepaid market space and has been responsible for the growth of the Bank s payments division. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Botta served as Chief Revenue Officer and Director of Payments of Bank Mobile Technologies, Inc. (previously a wholly-owned subsidiary of Customers Bank). Mr. Botta also served on senior management roles with several institutions including Metropolitan Commercial Bank, CashZone (the retail check cashing division of Metropolitan Commercial Bank), PreCash, Inc., PreCommunications Inc., and IDT Corporation. Mr. Botta studied at Adelphi University focusing in Business Administration and Operations. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder require our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock to file forms with the SEC to report their ownership of the Company s shares and any changes in ownership. We have reviewed all forms filed electronically with the SEC during, and with respect to, fiscal year of 2022. Based on that review and written information given to us by all of our directors and executive officers, we believe that all of our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10 of our stock filed on a timely basis all reports that they were required to file under Section 16(a) during fiscal year of 2022. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Each of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer is required to comply with the Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. Code of Conduct for Senior Executive Financial Officers adopted by our Board of Directors. The Code of Conduct was adopted to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; full, fair, accurate and timely disclosure in public documents; compliance with law; prompt internal reporting of Code of Conduct violations, and accountability for adherence to the Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct was filed with the SEC as Exhibit 14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004. In addition, all of our directors, officers and employees are required to comply with a Code of Ethics and Conflict of Interest Policy which is filed herewith as Exhibit 14.2 . 
 Shareholders may request a copy of either Code, without charge, by contacting Joseph D. Perillo, Chief Financial Officer, Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., 900 Bedford Street, Stamford, Connecticut 06901, (203) 252-5920. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The table below sets forth, for the last two fiscal years, the compensation earned by our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and two other executive officers who received the highest annual compensation. 
 Name/Principal Position(s) (1) Year Salary Bonus Restricted Stock All Other Annual Compensation(2) Total Michael A. Carrazza 2022 150,000 2,769 152,769 Chairman 2021 149,999 2,596 152,595 Robert G. Russell 2022 368,637 130,000 12,150 510,787 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 2021 336,538 100,000 12,088 448,626 Joseph D. Perillo 2022 273,888 54,600 12,840 341,328 Chief Financial Officer 2021 259,615 77,000 14,425 351,040 David Lowery 2022 271,500 54,600 31,800 7,590 365,490 Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of Patriot Bank 2021 185,000 52,000 46,650 1,200 284,850 
 _________________________ 
 (1) The All Other Compensation column for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 includes the following compensation items: 
 Named Executive Officer Contribution to 401(k) Plan ) Car Allowance ) Total ) Michael A. Carrazza 2,769 2,769 Robert G. Russell 6,150 6,000 12,150 Joseph D. Perillo 6,840 6,000 12,840 David Lowery 7,590 7,590 
 (2) The All Other Compensation column for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 includes the following compensation items: 
 Named Executive Officer Contribution to 401(k) Plan ) Car Allowance ) Total ) Michael A. Carrazza 2,596 2,596 Robert G. Russell 6,088 6,000 12,088 Joseph D. Perillo 8,425 6,000 14,425 Judith P. Corprew 5,200 5,200 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 David Lowery, Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of Patriot Bank had unvested equity awards of 9,000 shares at December 31, 2022. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

Executive Compensation Incentive Plan 
 In 2017, the Company adopted the Executive Compensation Incentive Plan, referred to as the 2017 Plan. The 2017 Plan applies to the President and all Executive Vice Presidents at Patriot Bank. The 2017 plan was developed in order to attract, retain and motivate key executives by offering compensation incentives for delivering pre-defined budgeted operating results. The 2017 Plan is market competitive and designed to promote safe and sound business practices, where compensation objectives and risk taking are responsible, within policy guidelines and compatible with effective controls and risk-management. The 2017 Plan provides for awards based on a balance of bank results and individual executive performance. Awards are paid 50 in cash and 50 in restricted stock awards vesting over three years granted under the 2020 Plan. There were no awards issued under the Executive Compensation Incentive Plan during 2022 and 2021. 
 401(k) Plan 
 Patriot Bank maintains a tax-qualified 401(k) Plan under Section 401(a) of the Code with a cash or deferred arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Code. Employees become eligible to make salary reduction contributions to the 401(k) Plan on the first day of the month coinciding with or next following the date that the employee has attained 21 years of age and completed 1 month of service. Employees become eligible to receive any matching or discretionary contributions made to the 401(k) by Patriot Bank after the completion of six months and at least 500 hours of service. 
 Under the 401(k) Plan, participants may elect to have Patriot Bank contribute a portion of their compensation each year, subject to certain limitations imposed by the Code. The 401(k) Plan permits Patriot Bank to make discretionary matching and additional discretionary contributions to the 401(k) Plan. Participants in the 401(k) Plan may direct the investment of their accounts in several types of investment funds. 
 Participants are always 100 vested in their elective deferrals, matching and discretionary matching contributions and related earnings under the 401(k) Plan. 
 Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan 
 In 2011, the Company adopted the Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 2012 Stock Plan (the 2012 Plan ), which was approved and ratified by shareholders of the Company on December 13, 2011. On November 1, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an amendment of the 2012 Plan and renamed it as the Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 2020 Restricted Stock Award Plan (the 2020 Plan ), which was approved and ratified by shareholders of the Company on December 22, 2021. 
 On November 10, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the Amendment and Restatement of the 2020 Plan (the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan ), which was approved and ratified by shareholders of the Company on December 14, 2022. The 2020 Plan was amended primarily to (i) reduce the total number of shares authorized for issuance thereunder from 3,000,000 to 400,000; and (ii) limit the maximum number of shares of Company s Common Stock granted during a single fiscal year to any non-employee director, together with any cash fees paid to such director, to be no more than a total value of 300,000. 
 The 2020 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. Grants under the 2020 Plan are made in the form of restricted stock. Only directors and employees of the Company are eligible to receive grants of restricted stock under the 2020 Plan. The grants of restricted stock may be subject to vesting, in one or more installments, upon the happening of certain events, upon the passage of a certain period of time. The vesting of restricted stock awards may be accelerated in accordance with terms of the plan. The Compensation Committee shall make the terms and conditions applicable to the vesting of restricted stock awards. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Director Compensation 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the compensation earned by or awarded to each of our non-employee directors who served on our Board during the fiscal year ended 2022. 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards(1) ) Total ) Edward N. Constantino 68,800 14,352 83,152 Emile Van den Bol 66,888 14,352 81,240 Michael J. Weinbaum 38,950 14,352 53,302 
 (1) The Stock Awards column represents the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718 for awards of restricted stock granted under our 2020 Plan during fiscal 2022. We calculated the estimated fair value of the restricted stock awards using the market price of our common stock on the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of unvested stock awards held by each of our non-employee directors was as follows: Edward N. Constantino 832; Emile Van den Bol 832; and Michael J. Weinbaum 832. 
 
 The Company s directors who are also executive officers do not receive compensation for service on the Board of Directors or any of its committees. On an annual basis, each non-employee director receives 1,150 for each board meeting in which they participate and annual retainer fees totaling 19,100. They also receive fees ranging from 375 to 750 for each committee meeting in which they participate. In addition, non-employee directors who serve as the chair of a committee receive additional retainer fees ranging from 3,000 to 9,200 per year. In addition, each non-employee director receives an annual equity grant of restricted stock units with a grant date value of approximately 14,352 which will vest in full in four equal annual installments, beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. The Company s directors are also reimbursed for reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their service to the Company, including travel expenses. 

112 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of Patriot 
 The table below provides certain information about beneficial ownership of Patriot common stock as of March 29, 2023 with respect to: (i) each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known to Patriot to own more than five percent (5 of Patriot common stock; (ii) each of the Patriot s directors; (iii) each of the Patriot s executive officers; and (iv) all of Patriot s directors and executive officers as a group. 
 Except as otherwise noted, to the knowledge of the Company, all persons listed below have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares of Patriot common stock they beneficially own, except to the extent authority is shared by spouses under applicable law. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 3,965,186 shares of Patriot common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. In computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by a person and applicable percentage of ownership of that person, we deemed outstanding shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 29, 2023. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each shareholder is in care of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., 900 Bedford Street, Stamford, CT 06901. 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class Michael A. Carrazza 67,254 (1) 1.70 Robert G. Russell, Jr. 5,000 (2) Joseph D. Perillo 4,263 (3) Frederick K. Staudmyer 3,203 Judith P. Corprew 2,026 Thomas E. Slater Steven Grunblatt 2,500 David C. Lowery 6,000 Alfred Botta Edward N. Constantino 13,797 (4) Emile Van den Bol 61,410 1.55 Michael J. Weinbaum 17,797 0.45 All Directors and Executive Officers 183,250 4.62 AFP Forty Six Corp. 342,172 (5) 8.63 Harvey Sandler Revocable Trust 317,248 (6) 8.00 Siguler Guff Advisers, LLC 460,589 (7) 11.62 SMC Holdings I, LP 427,691 (8) 10.79 LMI Partners, LLC 285,915 (9) 7.21 AllianceBernstein L.P. 386,477 (10) 9.75 
 Less than one percent (1 
 (1) Includes 12,221 shares held by Solaia Capital Management Profit Sharing Plan for the benefit of Mr. Carrazza, with regard to which Mr. Carrazza has sole voting and dispositive power, and 55,033 shares directly owned by Mr. Carrazza. 
 (2) Includes 2,500 shares held in an IRA for the benefit of Mr. Russell. 
 (3) Includes 3,185 shares held in an IRA for the benefit of Mr. Perillo. 
 (4) Includes 1,000 shares held in a SEP IRA for the benefit of Mr. Constantino. 
 (5) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule 13D, Anthony J. Miceli is the sole director, president and treasurer of AFP Forty Six Corp. AFP and president and chief operating officer of United Capital Corp. United Capital ), therefore he may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by AFP. The address of AFP is 9 Park Place, Great Neck, NY 11021. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 (6) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on April 13, 2021, Gary Rubin and Andrew Sandler are trustees of Harvey Sandler Revocable Trust, and therefore may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Harvey Sandler Revocable Trust The address of Harvey Sandler Revocable Trust is 2080 NW Boca Raton Blvd Ste 2 Boca Raton, FL 33431. 
 (7) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 3, 2021, Siguler Guff Advisers, LLC (SGA) is 100 owned by Siguler Guff Company, LP. The general partner of Siguler Guff Company, LP is Siguler Guff Holdings GP, LLC. George W. Siguler, Andrew J. Guff, Donald P. Spencer and Kenneth J. Burns are the owners of Siguler Guff Holdings GP, LLC and the executive officers of SGA, and therefore may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by SGA. The address of SGA is c/o Siguler Guff Company, LP, 200 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10166. 
 (8) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021, SMC Holdings I G.P., LLC SMC GP is the general partner of SMC Holdings I, LP. John L. Steffens and Gregory P. Ho each serves as a Managing Member of SMC GP, and therefore may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by SMC GP. The address of SMC GP is c/o Spring Mountain Capital, LP, 650 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 
 (9) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 16, 2021, Earl A. Samson III is Manager of LMI Partners, LLC, and therefore may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by LMI Partners, LLC. The address of LMI Partners, LLC is 954 Lexington Avenue, Suite 124, New York, NY 10021. 
 (10) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, by AllianceBernstein L.P.( AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein has sole voting and dispositive power over 386,477 shares. The address of AllianceBernstein is 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information as of the End of Fiscal 2022 
 The table below provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the compensation plan under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance to directors, officers or employees. 
 Equity Compensation Plans Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Approved by the shareholders 224,731 Not approved by the shareholders Total 224,731 
 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has made loans to officers and directors (including loans to members of their immediate families and loans to companies of which a director owns 10 or more). In the opinion of management, all of such loans were made in the ordinary course of business of the Bank on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral requirements, as those then prevailing for comparable transactions with persons not related to the lender. The Bank believes that at the time of origination such loans did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present any other unfavorable features. There were no loans to officers and directors outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deposits from related parties aggregated 64,000 and 58,000, respectively. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Information about transactions involving related persons is assessed by the Company s independent directors. Related persons include the Company s directors and executive officers as well as immediate family members of such directors and officers. If the independent directors approve or ratify a material transaction involving a related person, then the transaction would be disclosed in accordance with the SEC rules. If the related person is a director, or a family member of a director, then that director would not participate in those discussions. 
 Board Independence 
 The Board has determined that the following current directors, constituting a majority of the members of the Board, are independent as defined in the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.: Messrs. Constantino, Van den Bol and Weinbaum. Each current member of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees is an independent director pursuant to all applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. The Board of Directors has also determined that each current member of the Audit Committee also meets the additional independence standards for audit committee members established by the SEC, and each member of the Compensation Committee also qualifies as a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate amounts of principal accounting fees we paid to our independent registered public accountants for professional services performed in fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for: (i) audit fees consisting of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements; (ii) audit-related fees consisting of fees billed for services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and that are not reported as audit fees; and (iii) all other fees consisting of fees billed for all other services rendered. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 436,800 415,288 Audit related fees (1) 1,600 All other fees(1) 19,950 17,325 456,750 434,213 
 (1) The aggregate fees included in Audit Fees are fees billed for the fiscal years. The aggregate fees included in each of the other categories are fees billed in the fiscal years. 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee has adopted a policy for pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit services by the Company s independent registered public accountants. The Audit Committee will consider annually and, if appropriate, approve the provision of audit services by its external auditor and consider and, if appropriate, pre-approve the provision of certain defined audit and non-audit services. The Audit Committee also will consider on a case-by-case basis and, if appropriate, approve specific engagements that are not otherwise pre-approved. 
 Any proposed engagement that does not fit within the definition of a pre-approved service may be presented to the Audit Committee for consideration at its next regular meeting or, if earlier consideration is required, to the Audit Committee or one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any specific approval of services at its next regular meeting. The Audit Committee will regularly review summary reports detailing all services being provided to the Company by its external auditor. 
 The Audit Committee pre-approved all of the audit and non-audit services provided by RSM during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The consolidated financial statements and exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (1) The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, the Notes thereto and the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in PART II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (2) Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits. Reference is made to Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibits . The Exhibit Index, which immediately precedes the signature page, is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Financial Statem ent Schedules . Reference is made to Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibits No. Description 2.1 Termination and Release Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2022, by and among Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., and American Challenger Development Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2022). 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 1999) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. dated July 16, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i)(A) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2004 filed on March 25, 2005) 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. dated June 15, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i)(B) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed on November 14, 2006) 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Patriot National Bancorp Inc., dated October 6, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.l to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2010) 
 3.5 Amended and Restated By-laws of Patriot National Bancorp Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2010) 
 4.1 Form of 6.25 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 filed on August 14, 2018) 
 4.2 Form of 8.5 Senior Note due 202 6 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022 ). 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. Amendment and Restatement of the 2020 Restricted Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy statement on Schedule 1 4A filed on November 10, 2022 ). 
 10.2 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(6) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 filed on August 14, 2018) 
 10.3 Investment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021, between Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., Patriot Bank, N.A and Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb Holdings (Delaware), L.P. and Oaktree Opportunities Fund XI Holdings (Delaware), L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2021). 
 10.4 Investment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021, between Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., Patriot Bank, N.A and AG Credit Solutions Master Fund II A, L.P., AG Credit Solutions Non ECI Master Fund, L.P., AG Potomac Fund, L.P., AG Capital Solutions SMA One, L.P., AG Cataloochee, L.P., and AG Centre Street Partnership, L.P.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2021). 
 10.5 Investment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2021, between Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. and Eagle Strait I LLC and Eagle Strait II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2021). 
 14.1 Code of Conduct for Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 -KSB for the year ended December 31, 2004 (Commission File No. 000-29599) 
 14.2 Code of Ethics and Conflict of Interest Policy 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on April 29, 2020) 
 23.1 Consent of RSM US LLP 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 
 101.INS# Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH# Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL# Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB# Inline XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE# Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF# Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Management Contracts and Compensatory Plans, Contracts or Arrangements. 
 Provided herewith. 
 Schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. PNBK agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. PNBK agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 The exhibits marked with the section symbol (#) are interactive data files. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: March 29, 2023 
 Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. (Registrant) By: /s/ Joseph D. Perillo Name: Joseph D. Perillo Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Robert G. Russell Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 29, 2023 Robert G. Russell /s/ Joseph D. Perillo Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 29, 2023 Joseph D. Perillo /s/ Michael Carrazza Chairman and Director March 29, 2023 Michael Carrazza /s/ Edward N. Constantino Director March 29, 2023 Edward N. Constantino /s/ Emile Van den Bol Director March 29, 2023 Emile Van den Bol /s/ Michael J. Weinbaum Director March 29, 2023 Michael J. Weinbaum 
 118 

<EX-14.2>
 2
 pnbk-20221231x10kxexx142.htm
 EX-14.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 14.2 

Policy Name CODE OF ETHICS CONFLICT OF INTEREST POLICY 
 Last Review Update March 2023 Policy Number I 1 
 
 Purpose 
 
 To establish an appropriate guide for Bank Staff and Directors, the following Code of Ethics has been adopted by Patriot Bank, N.A. and Patriot National Bancorp Inc., collectively referred to as the Bank. 
 
 Policy 
 
 Personal Reputation 
 
 It is imperative that each individual conducts him herself at all times in a manner that reflects credit on the Bank, its Staff and Directors. Everyone associated with the Bank must maintain a reputation for good morals, ethics and integrity, and must remain above reproach throughout his or her business career. The Bank and its Staff and Directors must, at all times, comply with all applicable laws and regulations. The Bank will not condone the activities of Staff and Directors who achieve results through violation of the law or unethical business dealings. This includes any payments for illegal acts, indirect contributions, rebates and bribery. The Bank does not permit any activity that fails to stand the closest possible public scrutiny or that will cause adverse publicity for the Bank. 
 General Employee Conduct 
 
 The Bank expects its Staff and Directors to conduct themselves in a businesslike manner. Drinking, gambling, fighting, swearing, and similar unprofessional activities are strictly prohibited while on the job. 
 Bank Staff and Directors must not engage in sexual harassment or conduct themselves in a way that could be construed as such, for example, by using inappropriate language, keeping or posting inappropriate materials in their work area, or accessing inappropriate materials on their computer. 
 All business conduct should be well above the minimum standards required by law. Accordingly, Bank Staff and Directors must ensure that their actions cannot be interpreted as being, in any way, in contravention of the laws and regulations governing the Bank s operations. 
 Bank Staff and Directors uncertain about the application or interpretation of any legal requirements should refer the matter to their superior, who, if necessary, should seek the advice of the Bank s legal counsel. 
 Conflict of Interest 
 
 Staff members and Directors in performing any of their functions or duties for the Bank should not take actions or participate in any determinations which involve or give the appearance of conflict of interest. This conflict could arise out of business or personal matters of a family member, close relative, or any person, organization, or entity with which he or she may have a close personal relationship or financial interest. Directors and Staff should withdraw from any discussions or considerations of such matter, abstain from voting on any such matters, and should ensure that records or minutes so indicate. 

Principles and Practices 
 
 In performing his or her duties, each Bank Staff and Director must 
 
 (1) maintain high standards of honest and ethical conduct and avoid any actual or apparent conflict of interest as defined above 
 
 (2) report to a member of executive management and or the Chief Human Resource Officer, or for Executive Officers and Directors, to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, any conflict of interest that may arise and any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to conflict 
 
 (3) provide or cause to be provided, full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with or submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications 
 
 (4) comply and take all reasonable actions to cause others to comply with applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations and 
 
 (5) promptly report violations of this Code to the Chief Administrative Officer , or for Officers and Directors, to the Audit Committee. 
 Waiver 
 
 Any request for a waiver of any provision of this Code must be in writing and addressed to the Chief Administrative Officer, or for Executive Officers and Directors, to the Audit Committee. Any waiver of this Code for Officers and Directors may be made only by the Board or Audit Committee and will be disclosed promptly on Form 8-K or any other means approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission and Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 Compliance and Accountability 
 
 The Audit Committee will assess compliance with this Code, report material violations to the Board of Directors, and recommend to the Board appropriate action. 
 
 Regardless of the circumstances, if any Staff member or Director senses that a course of action they have pursued, are presently pursuing, or are contemplating pursuing, may involve them in a conflict of interest with the Bank they should immediately communicate all the facts to their superior. 
 
 Personal Investment and Finance 
 
 Staff members and Directors may not borrow from, invest in, or enter into personal business relationships with customers, prospects or suppliers of the Bank without full disclosure and authorization by the Board of Directors. Normal consumer transactions conducted through ordinary retail sources or borrowings from recognized lending institutions are appropriate and are excluded from the requirements previously mentioned. 

Confidential Information 
 
 All information obtained by virtue of association with the Bank must be held in strictest confidence. No hint of information or of even having knowledge of Bank account, names of depositors or borrowers, their sources of income, obligations, etc., or any other information can ever be revealed to unauthorized persons. 
 
 Trading in Bank Stock 
 
 While the Staff and Directors are encouraged to own Bank stock, active trading in the Bank s stock to make a quick profit is not acceptable. The normal purchase and sale of stock is encouraged. Directors and Bank Staff are encouraged to own the Bank's stock (trading symbol PNBK ). Directors and Staff shall not buy or sell shares in PNBK based on insider information, nor should they recommend such trades to outsiders based upon such information. Insider information is defined as information, financial or otherwise, that has a probable likelihood of materially affecting the share price and such information is unavailable at the time to other shareholders and prospective shareholders. Directors and Executive Officers must specifically comply with the Bank s Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 Outside Interests 
 
 Acceptance by employees of outside employment or membership on an outside board involves possibilities of conflict of interest. Staff members are encouraged to serve in civic, charitable, or religious groups. Any other such position should be approved by the Chief Administrative Officer, in the case of an executive officer, by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Community Activity 
 
 The Bank, as an institution, cannot engage in politics. Staff members and Directors, however, are encouraged to stay well informed on local, state, and national affairs and to meet their responsibility to vote in all elections. The Bank s Staff and Directors are encouraged to participate in community affairs whether it is political, charitable, or business related. Staff members, Officers and Directors should assure themselves that their participation in these activities in no way indicates Bank sponsorship and in no way reflects unfavorably on the Bank. Prior approval of political activities involving Bank time or financial support must be approved in advance by Senior Management. 
 
 Gifts and Entertainment 
 
 Substantial gifts, personal favors and excessive entertainment from Bank customers should be courteously and tactfully declined. Non-Bank commissions, fees, or propositions involving personal gain to a non- officer, Officer or Director in connection with the handling of a banking transaction are highly improper and in most cases illegal. Non-officers, Officers, or Directors should not solicit or receive anything of value in connection with any transaction. Gifts that mark significant non-business events, such as holidays, birthdays, weddings, etc., may be accepted if they are of nominal value. Nominal value is considered to be no more than 50.00. Anything over that amount must be reported to the Chief Compliance Officer. 

Kickbacks and Secret Commissions 
 
 The Federal Bank Bribery Act makes it a serious crime to offer or accept anything of value in connection with the business of the Bank if your intent is to either influence, or be influenced by, a third party. 
 
 Regarding the Bank s business activities, Bank Staff and Directors may not receive payment or compensation of any kind, except as authorized under the Bank s remuneration policies. In particular, the Bank strictly prohibits the acceptance of kickbacks and secret commissions from suppliers, employees or others. Any breach of this rule will result in immediate termination and prosecution to the fullest extent of the law. 
 
 Corporate Opportunities 
 
 Staff and Directors are prohibited from taking personal advantage of opportunities that are discovered through the use of Bank information or position. No Staff or Director may use Bank information or position for personal gain and no Staff or Director may compete with the Bank directly or indirectly. When in doubt, Staff or Directors should discuss with their superiors and or the Board in advance situations which may involve the personal use of a corporate opportunity. 
 
 Protection of Bank Assets 
 
 Staff and Directors should strive at all times to protect the Bank s assets and preserve their efficient use. Loss or impairment of assets through carelessness or waste may impair the Bank s financial condition and or expose it to legal action. All Bank assets should be used for legitimate business purposes of the Bank. 
 
 This obligation extends to proprietary information of the Bank, including intellectual property such as trademarks, copyrights, trade names, logos, trade secrets and patents. It also includes the Bank s strategic and marketing plans, records, customer lists, employee information and any non-public financial information. Evidence of unauthorized disclosure of this type of information should be immediately reported to a member of Senior Management or to the Board. 
 
 Undesirable Business 
 
 Bank Staff and Directors are to avoid any appearance of discrimination in the acceptance of business brought to the Bank by reputable persons. However, it should be kept in mind that accounts offered or loans requested from known controversial or unsavory firms or persons should be declined. Such relationships often lead to loss and embarrassment for the Bank and should be carefully considered. 
 
 Establishment of Charges 
 
 Interest rates on deposits and loans, terms of loans, service and analysis charges, etc., will be determined solely on the basis of what is in the best interests of the Bank and its customers. Under no circumstances should any preliminary agreements or understanding be established with Bank customers concerning rates and charges that are not in accordance with stated rates and policies unless approved through the Bank's normal management approval process. 

Competition 
 
 Competition between the Bank and any other financial institution must always be positive. Professional and timely service to the Bank s customers is a far more effective business approach than criticism of a competitor. Such criticism is not in keeping with the character of this Bank and should have no place in the conversation of those associated with the Bank. 
 
 Informational Requests 
 
 Bank Staff and Directors are expected to refer all requests from public officials, newspapers, television, magazines and other media for statements about the Bank to the President & CEO or the Chairman of the Board. 
 
 Financial Performance 
 
 Bank Staff and Directors are expected to refer all questions from shareholders or other parties concerning the Bank s stock or financial performance to the President & CEO or the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 Dealing with outside People and Organizations . 
 
 Bank Staff and Directors must take care to separate their personal roles from their Bank positions when communicating on matters not involving Bank business. Bank Staff and Directors must not use Bank identification, stationary, supplies and equipment for personal or political matters. 
 
 Bank Records and Communications 
 
 Accurate and reliable records of many kinds are necessary to meet the Bank s legal and financial obligations and to manage the affairs of the Bank. The Bank s books and records must reflect, in an accurate, timely and compliant manner, all business transactions. The Bank Staff responsible for accounting and recordkeeping must fully disclose and record all assets, liabilities, or both, and must exercise diligence in enforcing these requirements. 
 
 Bank Staff and Directors must not make or engage in any false record or communication of any kind, whether internal or external, including but not limited to 
 
 False expense, attendance, production, financial, or similar reports and statements. False advertising, deceptive marketing practices, or other misleading representations. 
 Prompt Communications 
 
 In all matters relevant to customers, suppliers, government authorities, the public and others in the Bank, all Bank Staff and Directors must make every effort to achieve complete, accurate , and timely communications, responding promptly and courteously to all proper requests for information and to all complaints. 

Duties and Violations 
 
 Bank Staff and Directors are required to report violations of the Code of Ethics to the Chief Administrative Officer or the President & CEO. Violations of the Code of Ethics will result in disciplinary action up to and including immediate discharge from the Bank. 
 
 Respect for Diversity 
 
 Every individual possesses qualities which differ from those of their coworkers. These include not only such characteristics as race, gender and age, but less obvious attributes such as political affiliation, appearance and education. The diversity of the Bank's employees should be viewed not as differences, but as potential. Diversity provides a unique opportunity to obtain a variety of perspectives, experience and resources in addressing issues encountered by the Bank and in achieving its goals. The Bank strives to create an environment that encourages and respects diversity in order to permit everyone to perform and contribute to their maximum potential. 
 
 The Bank is committed to equal opportunities for all of its personnel, regardless of race, color, gender, age, religion, disability, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic predisposition, citizenship, veteran status or any other characteristic which may be considered different . In addition, the Bank firmly prohibits sexual and other forms of harassment in the workplace. Complete presentations of the Bank s Equal Employment Opportunity and Harassment policies are contained in the Employee Handbook. All managers and employees are expected to thoroughly review and comply with these requirements. 
 
 Communication and Computer Systems 
 
 The use of the Bank s communication and computer systems requires particular care. E-mail, voice mail and Internet exchanges, such as those on social internet sites, are not private and their source is identifiable. Electronic communications may remain part of the Bank s business records long after they have been deleted. Employees must ensure that the content of their electronic communications, both professional and personal, does not adversely impact their co-workers, the Bank's public image or that of its customers, representatives or suppliers. 
 
 Electronic communications may not be used improperly for personal reasons, such as messages of a political or religious nature, or exchanges containing obscene or otherwise offensive language or material. As a condition of employment, each Bank employee must agree to comply with the Information Security Policy regarding workstation usage. 
 
 The Bank reserves the right to access its communications and computer systems without notice. 
 
 Inappropriate use of electronic communications, either professional or personal, will result in disciplinary action by the Bank up to and including termination. 

Where to Report Violations 
 
 Employees are required to notify their supervisors of actual or suspected violations of law or the principles set forth in this Employee Handbook. Failure to advise management of, or detect, an offense may itself be grounds for discipline. If an employee feels that discussing an issue with his her supervisor would be inappropriate, he she may confer with the AVP or VP of Human Resources, Chief Administrative Officer or the President & CEO. 

Substantial effort will be made to treat reports of suspected illegalities or failures to comply with the Code of Ethics in a confidential manner. Any report will be investigated promptly, thoroughly and fairly. 
 
 Exceptions 
 
 Any exception to the Code of Ethics policy must conform with applicable law and regulation and be approved by any two of the following, the President & CEO, Chief Administrative Officer, AVP VP-Human Resources or Chairman of the Board, and reported to the Board, or its designee, at the next regularly scheduled meeting. An exception may only be granted after full written disclosure of all material facts. 
 
 Employee Acknowledgement 
 
 This Code of Ethics is a critical element of the Bank s program to prevent and detect violations of the law and Bank policy. Employees must sign and return to the Human Resources Department, annually, the Bank form confirming that they have reviewed, understand, complied with, and will continue to comply with, the Code of Ethics. 

Acknowledgement 
 
 I have read and received a copy of the Code of Ethics and fully understand my obligations and responsibilities as outlined therein. 

Signature Date 

Printed Name 

This is a general statement of policy and as such, it does not constitute a term or provision of any contract of employment or implied contract of employment between Patriot Bank and any employee, nor does it create contractual obligations on behalf of Patriot Bank to anyone. 

</EX-14.2>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 pnbk-20221231x10kxexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-179204) on Form S-8 of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pnbk-20221231x10kxexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31 (1) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 
 I, Robert G. Russell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 s Robert G. Russell Robert G. Russell President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pnbk-20221231x10kxexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31 (2) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 BY PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 
 I, Joseph D. Perillo, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Patriot National Bancorp, Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 s Joseph D. Perillo Joseph D. Perillo Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pnbk-20221231x10kxexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Robert G. Russell and Joseph D. Perillo, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Robert G. Russell Robert G. Russell President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Joseph D. Perillo Joseph D. Perillo Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission and shall not be considered filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pnbk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pnbk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pnbk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pnbk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pnbk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

